Bernie Blegen: Well, if you look at sequentially. Automotive is expected to probably contribute, both in terms of dollar and also percentage gain. Likewise, I'd say that industrial, which you know can be rather lumpy business, should show some improvement from Q2 to Q3. Again, when you look at the comparison against last year's Q3, to Michael's point exactly, consumer usually is the bellwether and in fact that has remained down from last year. And industrial would be flattish. But we do expect to see continued improvements in both automotive and communication year-over-year.
Bernie Blegen: And just as a finishing point there, I think that the results that we saw in the first half of the year were colored mostly by the soft demand, particularly in the China market. And then the uptick that we expect to see in the second half of the year is result of the new model years being rolled out, particularly in North America, Europe and Korea.
Bernie Blegen: Sure. There's a couple of points there. I mean, obviously in the middle of May, that's when the Department of Commerce added Huawei to the entity list. And so like our peer companies, we did an evaluation of how the ban would affect us and how to implement it. And after we completed that review, we concluded that the MPS ICs are really now subject to the entity list prohibitions. We basically determined that certain components working in compliance within the sales band framework. And so we have resumed shipping.One thing to add is that, historically, Huawei has been a very small percentage of our business.And I'm not talking through them in total here, but I am saying that in China, in particular with level of uncertainty related to tariffs and trade that we did see a step up in volumes in Q2 as certain customer build inventories in advance of any further bans.
Bernie Blegen: Will, I think that is a very accurate observation. And particularly when we look at areas that really are exciting for our future. In particular within computing, we've talked about cloud-based server and AI, even storage, which has been down now for about three to four quarters. We're seeing a very high level of engagement. And the same can be held true for automotive, in particular.And a point that Michael made earlier that I do want to emphasize is that in the past, we've had to go out and really get them excited at MPS. And now that engagement is starting to occur where they're calling us and setting up meetings at the executive level. So we're not going to try and tell you the timing of when market is going to turn around. From a theme for this quarter, we really believe that we're well positioned to take advantage of it.
Bernie Blegen: Last year it was down, a year before we were actually up and that was after we've started to get traction in the server business. And we're actually continuing the theme. Well that in both Q1 and Q2, however, however you define our historic norms, we're underperforming in Q3 by about 2 to 3 percentage points. But I think that Michael's point is spot on that we've had a lot of volatility, particularly in the last two years as we've had the change in sales mix. So it's not as predictive as it once was. But I do feel good, to add to your point, that we basically stayed in a good position relative to expectations for the quarter.
Bernie Blegen: Tore, thank you very much for your earlier compliment. Yes, the consumers are little bit hard to handicap. I think that you're aware that we parsed it into three general groups, high value, gaming and traditional or legacy. And historically, I think that legacy has had a certain seasonality, it was relatively predictable. But even that's gone out the window as we've seen a softening of demand more clearly in Asia, China, but not exclusively there.And actually the high value, which has a lot of exposure to home appliances, actually has rebounded nicely and is continuing strong. And I think you're also aware that as we start to go into the holiday season that gaming is going to pick up. So it's not clear that -- I would be cautious in using any term like bottomed out or that, it's more that we have a different -- slightly different mix within those three buckets.
Bernie Blegen: I think those are, to the extent that they're commercially available, they're very early stage. And we don't have enough momentum to clearly identify a trend line, as we said that if we -- take 5G, for example. We're very well positioned with our technology on any number of different platforms with any number of different companies in any of the representative geographies. So we think that, again, the diversification, both in for the technology and what our point of entry is, gives us a lot of confidence that we'll do well. But again, it's going to take time for that market to develop. I think initially that and some of the other high end processing, which you can include AI in, are going to start out a little bit lumpy before a true ramp becomes apparent.
Bernie Blegen: And I think an example of that is, if you look at how our fifth generation rolled out. We're now getting the benefits of that, even though that that has been in the market for about the last 3.5 to 4 years.
Bernie Blegen: The one we get to the other. We need to see an increased ramp in overall demand. That really if you look at each of the last four or five quarters, we've actually seen sequential decreases in the sales mix.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. So I think at the end of Q1, we acknowledge that we were above our normal range for channel inventory. Some of that had to do with a backend loading of the quarter where sales that we made in the last month of the quarter did not go out to the final end customer. In Q2, we had much more balanced sales on our side by month. And the channel responded and actually, particularly in China and Taiwan, we've seen a significant reduction. We're back down within our comfort zone with the channel inventories. It's a little bit hard to call out by necessarily end market application. It's easier we have greater visibility as it relates to geography.
Bernie Blegen: And just to agree with Michael's point there is that it's just very difficult for us to project further than one quarter out. And there's sort of an interesting, we have the elements in the business that are within our control and then we have other elements that aren't necessarily directly within our control. And to the extent that we can continue to secure design wins and get the customer engagement, I think that we're doing a very good job both in execution within the quarter but also as far as securing our longer term future.
Bernie Blegen: I think that I can acknowledge that somewhere about Q4 and certainly in Q1 and for a portion of Q2, that we saw a dip in demand by hyperscale. We believe based only on our experience, as it was broad-based, it was not just related to an individual company. However, if you look particularly at the long-term demand forecast for e-commerce, eventually, we believe that a lot of it has to do with just absorbing excess capacity or inventory that is built on their shelves, and that the demand for e-commerce based solutions is going to expand and will have to be renewed investment. I don't know exactly when that's going to start to pick up and it might be not even across the board. For example, we might see a little bit more on the server side before we see it in storage. But I think that some time in the next few quarters it will return to building momentum again.
Bernie Blegen: And I think that as far as the growth drivers, and again, Michael is right, there’s too much uncertainty to sort of affirm or even not say that we can't live up to the expectations. But I think you're going to see continue increased demand for our products, particularly in computing, automotive. And we're also going to see the initial uptick in the communications markets.
Bernie Blegen: And one thing to add there is the second half of 2018, actually we did very well with computing and storage. So we're going into a situation where we see some signs of improving momentum. But we have more difficult comps in the second half of the year.
Bernie Blegen: Yes, I think that if you're looking at sort of sequential growth, I think we called out the fact that smart meters and point-of-sale systems picked up to a degree that, frankly, we hadn't fully anticipated. And when you look at the year-over-year comparisons, remember, our industrial tends to be a little more fragmented. We've got like four verticals that we depend on. And in fact, power sources and security in addition to smart meters seem to be continuing with good momentum right now.
Bernie Blegen: And again, most of the comments is related to the e-commerce platforms actually in e.Motion we're seeing very good engagement this year with products that are beginning to ramp in revenue. And there’s a pretty broad and diverse number of end-state applications that we probably wouldn't have anticipated even as recent as two years ago. But I think that, that is holding up two expectations for the current year and also as we look ahead into the next year or two.
Bernie Blegen: Great. I'd like to thank you all for joining us to this conference call and look forward to talking to you again during our third quarter conference call, which would likely be at the end of October. Thank you. And have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: Yes, our auto as that goes up slightly, I don't know this is from is it noise. It is from a noise or just on certain projects, we're still very small in the entire auto segment, our market share is very small. And in terms of engagements and the designing activities, and we actually surprised ourselves and again after we qualified from first tier suppliers and including OEMs, and the level of engagement and the level of meetings that they requested, and it cannot be better.
Michael Hsing: I think of Q4 usually is that we are slightly lower and not up to single digits. And in the last few years and last two or three years, the seasonality -- we don't know what's our seasonality is. When you grow 16%, 17%, 20% some percent, and so the seasonality is not very clear to us. But the Q4, I think is that we are either flat or slightly down, and I don't know what the -- I forgot the last year number, maybe slightly up almost. Last year it was down.
Michael Hsing: Yes, one more thing. So I very much agree with you. This year it's -- we don't have a clear views in how the industrials growth. And only we can do is do our best effort to have a design win and to engage with our customer closely.
Michael Hsing: I don't know there's a 55 nanometer is the accurate enough, okay. Yes, we do use a 12 inch. And we starting to 12 inch wafers. And those are, as you said that these use -- we'll always use a trading edge of advanced equipment. And when we build -- these equipment available then we moved in. And those are with solid development always, not two or three years or two or three years later that will benefit our costs and also the features that we can offer to our customers.
Michael Hsing: We've build our productions for much higher capacities, and now we see the growth slower. So that has partially also impacted in the gross margin.
Michael Hsing: As I said earlier, this is a kind of uncertain market now, and our customers will not give us a very clear feedback. So that's all -- these are out of our control and what we do the best is have a product designing. And one way or the other, they will turn into a revenue.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We're doing a good because we ignored all the macro -- total macroeconomy, and we do -- we can do the best when we can control it.
Michael Hsing: I think we’re kind of a committed we can grow better than the industry average by 10% to 15%. That's all we’re committing that. And even that -- I look at our history, that's what we have done in the past. And this year, I think is the same, this year it’s kind of not very certain. And we'll look back the same as like 2012 and 2008. And those are very uncertain years. And that's what we have -- what we achieved.
Michael Hsing: We don't -- it's difficult, some are big project delays and some small project advance. So the weight of each project, we don't have a very clear accounting -- method of accounting and the company is in a way migrated, we’ve become like a 3,000, 4,000 products. And we have again -- at any given time we have a few thousand projects going on. And so we don't know.
Michael Hsing: Yes. So overall, we see a delayed launch and delayed project and we see overall slowing down. And starting from earlier this year and even now the similar conditions.
Michael Hsing: I think that Bernie said is, our industrial market fragmented, our entire company is fragmented, and the beauty is, one segment slow down, other one will pick up. And so, nothing's more than a bigger percentage of total revenues. And when we look at it overall, MPS will grow this year. And will grow at the same pace as last year, we cannot say it.
Michael Hsing: Still very early, early stage. We try to figure out the why people don't -- or why people tell us have a good solution but nobody buys it, okay. And at least not selling like hotcakes. And we're still in the midst of figuring out why and how we can. But we’re committed. And as long as people say our customers this is a good solution and we'll keep figuring out. But overall revenues and also design -- customer request is -- I don't have a clear number but increases tremendously and we have difficulty to handle that. And that's a very good encouragement. And once we feel we have a handle on it we will give you a revenue commitment.
