Bernie Blegen: Sure. At the Analyst Day that was on June 7th, we characterized growth for the next three years of being in the range between 40% to 50% in any given year. And on a quarterly basis, because there's sort of a step function with how revenue increases here that it could be between 30 and 60%. So, I think that you're in the right ballpark for your CAGR.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. Our expectations for the server market have really have not changed in the 18 months since we started discussing on those terms. We’re seeing very positive results and very good acceptance and continuation of good volume.
Bernie Blegen: I think, for a brief period of time here, and I don’t know how many quarters necessarily that’s going to be. But, while we’re ramping and qualifying the two fabs, we will be beyond what our model is. But we’re very conscious of the need to get operating leverage and return spending down to the 50% to 60% of revenue growth. But, I’d say that probably for the next four to five quarters, maybe six, we’ll probably be above that level.
Bernie Blegen: We kept revenue expectations, maybe conscious effort to keep them low for ‘18 and ‘19. And really, what we're trying to do is get up to speed and what it takes to market and successfully manage the ecommerce experience. And during this time, we will also be adding more products and getting traction with customer acceptance.
Bernie Blegen: And just to add real quickly, as Michael said that we’ve had this project under development for three years. And I think that there are a couple of data points in the market today that validate the timing of having our solution released in the 2019 was a good set of circumstances for us. We're in the right place at the right time with the 48 volt solution.
Bernie Blegen: Slightly different development track where the 55 effort will probably have design wins early in 2019 and the 300 millimeter will probably be more out in the 2020.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I think that as we said on the call that there's really three or four key areas that are driving a lot of our business. And within that what we've tried to do is we're working within a range of expectations for any one of those. And generally, what we’ve done is we've modeled in our revenue expectations the midpoint or below, but we've provided the inventory at the upper end of the range that has been provided to us by the OEM or from the end customer. So, it is really could be any one of the opportunities in computing and storage or automotive in particular where we could experience a pop.
Bernie Blegen: And on E Motion, that is starting to ramp very nicely right now, and we've seen a lot of design wins that we have, not just in ‘18 and ‘19 but even ‘20 and ‘21 that we're already going to be benefiting from. So, that is an initiative that we started in earnest about four years ago, and that's how long it takes for these things to ramp, whereas the e-commerce platform and the field programmability offered on it, we're just in the very early stages of that.
Bernie Blegen: Not at this point. But what I can tell you is that the ASP delta has a lot to do with our mix of business. And many of these new opportunities that we’re going into have ASPs that are 2, 3 and 4 times what some of our legacy products, particularly in consumer used to be. So, I think that you're going to see missing bias as the higher percent of our businesses is with these newer opportunities.
Bernie Blegen: Actually as far as the technology that we’ve introduced in the automotive, it really is centered around the infotainment, the USB-C ports and the body controls. Interesting, the lighting, we’re just at the very early stages of that. And so, over the course of the next 12 months, I think you’re going to see the ramping in the body control and then little bit after that in lighting.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. What we have been looking to do, and we’ve been sort of trying to provide some soft guidance on both the timing and order of magnitude. And now, we are starting to see those investments translate into the P&L here. But, the overall commitment to manage our core business outside of -- I’m not going to describe these as onetime costs necessarily, but this is a project-related. And those will wind down and that will allow us to get to the targets that we set for ourselves.
Bernie Blegen: And then, as far as characterizing what we provided at the analyst day, those are guidelines. So, for example, in the revenue, we want to be able to grow at 20%. And in this case, with the midpoint of the guidance that we’ve offered for Q3, as well as what we've done in Q1 and Q2, we are several percentage points above that this year. So, you really have to look at the guidelines that we've offered in the business model as sometimes it will be above it, sometimes will be below it. And then, the thing to focus on is we only provide guidance one quarter ahead at a time.
Bernie Blegen: Yes. I’d say that by and large, we are looking to maintain to maintain seasonality, the way we've been historically. Now, having said that, Q1 came in higher, there was a lower step down from Q4 to Q1 than we had experienced. And as a result of that, the increase from Q2 -- from Q1 was also lower than we've historically done by about 3 percentage points. But then, in the guide that we’ve given here for Q3, that's almost right down the middle of how we performed in the past.
Bernie Blegen: Again, it’s a story of -- we have too many riches, because all of the major product lines that we’ve gone after in the computing and storage are doing very, very well. And in the guide for Q3, that just reflects a continuation. And so, it’s a situation where a lot of the technology that we invested in developing are now coming into the market. So, if you focus on the servers for example, that transition has rolled out almost identical how we expected it. And right now, we don't see any headwinds. In fact it's continuation of tailwinds.
Bernie Blegen: And I think that as we look at the continuing demands in this area is that we're going to take even larger number of our product catalogue today and reengineer it around field programmability, which offers our customers the best ease of use and time to market.
Bernie Blegen: I'd like to thank you all for joining us on this conference call and look forward to talking to you again during our third quarter conference call, which will likely be at the end of October. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Michael Hsing: What we really said in earnings, one of those is that we're hedging the potential future growth. And I can give you more color is that we have so many products introduced in the market, they start to ramp. A lot of them we still haven’t seen the revenue yet. And during the ramp, you don’t want you to see any hiccup, either the number of the products or the quantity issues, and we don't have any history of it. And so, we would be very cautious. We use the cash wisely. And in terms of MPS in history, we don’t ride a lot of inventory. And so, if you want talk about inventory, this is how we manage it. And we have a long life cycles. And as long as we see it grow, growth the top line, grow the EPS. I don’t care the rest of it.
Michael Hsing: It’s pretty much of broad-based, all the growth areas we cover, in the last few quarters the story remains same, we’re very -- with the very beginning. And all the product ramping is across the board.
Michael Hsing: Yes. It does impact our business. And a lot of products ramping are just not as high as we expected. And we’re looking heavily at design around without using the capacitors.
Michael Hsing: Well, I can answer your first question first. The website is up, and it still looks pretty shitty, but we will improve it later. And we do have orders come from our own website. And the programmable modules that we are pushing out there and trajectory -- we cannot even predict, because this is from nothing to something. And we look at the numbers. And in last couple of months, it’s better than I expected. So, we keep evaluating. So, stay tuned.
Michael Hsing: Yes. We expect hitting the main stream in the early or mid 2019. And we have been looking at it -- we have been developing that product for last three years. And we see this as an eminent solution for the future of servers. I can't answer who do we compete with, because there is no such a solution out there. And maybe there is a few. And our solution will be hit -- mass produced and easy to use. And we see -- in the last few years, we see we have many design wins.
Michael Hsing: These are some of the stuff we're hitting the market very, very soon, and I don’t know it is the first shipment or we certainly sampling it.
Michael Hsing: It's a family -- E Motion, a lot of them I see, we are rather selling the ICs and we're selling the total solution. And it is a lot better way, a lot easier way to generating revenues or to service our customers that we learned from -- I learned from the last couple of years. And so, I see this is the same kind of -- ramping [ph] to the same kind of things.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Tore, you covered us for a long time and you know that our patterns is that we move from early days to go to 16-inch [ph] and then we go to 8-inch, with the first 8-inch was a 0.35 micron fab. And until these are 180 nanometer fabs, depreciated further, then we moved there. So, each step we move to a new foundry or new advanced fab that it doesn’t impact the margin immediately. And so, those 12-inch fabs are still expensive. But three, four years later, that will be cheaper. So, we just follow our history, we repeat and repeat the same thing. By that time we have the superior technologies and good cost.
Michael Hsing: Here we see the opportunity to grow and we will grow in the next two, three years. And we have a lot of opportunity. So, we made a decision, so we are going to increase it. And to increase our expenditures and investments rather to -- in a new fab. So that we don’t have -- we won't have the capacity issues. And the same, I’ll keep our technology advance forward. And just look at last year and early this year, MPS did not have capacity constraint. We grow as normal. So, we spend our money wisely. And as long as we grow -- again, I only care the topline and EPS. I care the rest of it less.
Michael Hsing: To be fair, okay, if we grow less, we will spend less. And now, this -- we are accelerating our growth. We cannot grow in the thin air.
Michael Hsing: Yes. Our seasonality is changed, in the last year -- as business changed, and also we are in a higher growth period. So, the last year, we had four consecutive -- I think is it right? Four consecutive growth, it never happened since 2004-2005. And so, I can’t tell you what is our seasonality anymore.
Michael Hsing: No. This is tied together, the ecommerce of course is wider than we do some of the products that are not programmable. And currently, I think that we sell most of the products that is kind of fixed, and because the website was late. And now we have the capability to reprogram the product, reconfigure the product. So, these are the things to me, ecommerce and we -- feel programmable.
