Michael R. Hsing: Yes, Patrick, we in the last couple of years or so, we focused on the different market segments, such as networking, servers, and the industrial, and the AC to DC line including also the LED lighting, last year we also added another product market segment, battery chargers and the battery management. In all of them, we try to do the best we can and based on how the new technology which provides much more small, efficient energy efficiency of a product, we're designing as many as we can, and we treat all the markets equally, and so far we – at this time, we see all the markets are ramping up, and that's what's very exciting.
Michael R. Hsing: Yes, basically your target module is fairly higher, but as I've said in last year also, in the second half of this year, we will grow all the products in high-end market, which is the networking, telecom, and industrial, automotives, and other new segments like battery management. So they will start from the second half of this year. And also, as you'll remember, in the 2011 and 2010, that we gradually started phasing out the BCD2 Dc to DC product, and from the last year, on the (indiscernible) designing and the revenue happening in the first half of the year is a lot more than in the second half of this year. So, the gross margin will keep improving.
Michael R. Hsing: The new market segment that we entered directly of course, it is all the gross margins were very good and without competing with the price. We really like to offer customers the value of the product. In CoolMOS product family, which is more adjusting, more high-volume consumer oriented product, we don't have – the price looks competitive and MPS, we can depend our other position not sacrificing a lot of the margin.
Michael R. Hsing: This is just to give, we were just giving examples, and we have many design wins in the telecom side, and what size of the market – this is very new to us, we see this kind of design win in several places and so we try to establish what the market size is, we know that it's very big. So the first thing I tried to do, I went to our server room, look at how many traffic. We have six, seven of them -- like MPS size of the company, we have six, seven, (indiscernible) and what we are generating is either several hundred dollars per chassis and there is a lot more out there. So, you can see us in all these larger buildings, they always have a server extension. So we have with that incremental revenue as sort of roughly estimated a (indiscernible) volume.
Michael R. Hsing: Yes, this market segment, we really provide the values of much higher efficiency, and in the sub 5 watts, there is no good solution in the market segment and it takes a lot of demand for that, especially some of the wireless, the micro-wireless, I call them the micro-wireless network, and like (indiscernible) and (indiscernible), these are buildings of the nations. So we have a product line that's called EasyPower and we design it into a many of these products segments. So, we see a lot of design win with a lot of revenue. And also, we also talked about the synchronous rectifier and that's geared towards the higher power, that's over 100 watt power. So I'm just using MPS solution where it saves 3%. 3%, that means 30% reduction in the energy losses. That's a huge amount. And we don't charge on (indiscernible) the customers that were replaced by a single discrete component and they will improve the efficiency by 30% and by the reduction of the losses by 30%. So, game consoles and also other computing systems, we see a lot of (indiscernible) activities and all going to pending to a revenue in the second half of the year.
Michael R. Hsing: Well MPS, as you said, it is not competitive in the middle end of the market, that's not true. MPS, we just focus on where we can deliver the best value for the smallest dollar amount or the biggest bid bet, and that's what we are really focused on now. So to answer your question, where is the growth with the dollar content, for our sub 5 watts, our dollar content in the modules are very, very high, and also over 100 watts, the semiconductor cost of the power supply which is very little, but in the MPS synchronous switcher, just improve the content, improve the efficiency by that much, so we will have about somewhere from $0.25 to $0.75 in each power supply for over 100 watts.
Michael R. Hsing: The dollar content, sorry I didn't answer your question, the dollar content is somewhere from $0.25 to $0.50, $0.60.
Michael R. Hsing: I think there's pulling from here, I can't recall more than (indiscernible). I think there are more than seven customers into different market segments, from power meters, from lighting LED, and also using the power product (indiscernible) the EasyPower product, and also white goods and other industrial segments, uninterrupted power supplies, and the building automation, and we see all of them.
Michael R. Hsing: I should add on, I see a very optimistic market opportunity, particularly in the SSD side, and I really believe this is the beginning. The opportunity is huge and one of the Chinese Internet companies that released some report last year that they converted all or most of their HDD to SSD and the efficiency went up by huge amount, I forgot the numbers, and it was a very successful story. I think that most of the Internet companies will convert to SSD. So that opportunity is huge for MPS.
Michael R. Hsing: Obviously we're designing in the large networking companies, and now with the same technology, we are very excited about it and that applies to for our pharma consumer all the way to industrial. So we really have a product line for MPM.
Michael R. Hsing: Yes, I should say that in the prior earnings call, I emphasized that we don't invest in the sales and marketing, and now, in the middle of the year and after we've done all the transitions of how things ended up from their last year, we see a huge opportunity and all the doors are open, so we need to invest in, reinvest in R&D just a bit more.
Michael R. Hsing: It's stabilized and I don't see the price going down. So, with MPS and BCD3 products, the CoolPower based on the BCD3 are very competitive in the market, and it's our choice to go from that segment or not, and now we have a bigger fish to catch now.
Michael R. Hsing: We do it, we do it actively depending on our existing position and a lot of BCD, the product line that we call, these are mini monsters and those type of things if you remember, and these are based on BCD2 product, and they do have those products that feel the price pressure and now we actively replace it with the CoolPower.
Michael R. Hsing: We do have the plan in the high-voltage, mostly in the industrial applications, automotive, and these are much price-sensitive, and also they require a very long qualification. And BCD2 products, they're doing well in those market segments. Not that many companies operate more than 36 volts DC to DC product. So we don't have to change that very quickly, although starting from this year, and even in the industrial and automotive product, we are designing the BCD3 now.
Michael R. Hsing: I can't answer you directly, I mean whether the number will double or not, but industrial, the nature of that business is a lot of the small size of customers and we added together and whether their projects are going to kick in or not will be a bigger uncertainty but the bottom line is that this year they're going to be much better than the last year and we see that in 2014 too.
Michael R. Hsing: We are more focused on the commercial lighting and that's including commercial, that being the buildings and the factories, and even airports and the nuclear stations, those are industrial applications. And also we have a line of a product for automotives and headlamps and tail lights and those kind of replacements, and not much left to focus on in the consumer lighting.
Meera Rao: Sure. What we expect as a new product starts ramping is that you expect to see a gross margin expansion, particularly as our high-value products kick in, as more and more CoolPower comes in. So we're expecting to see the gross margins expand. What you're also seeing in here is there's always a certain amount of play in the gross margin, there's so many factors in there that economies decide, but we do expect to see a gross margin expansion.
Meera Rao: Actually, it's BCD3, we expect revenues from BCD3 products to be about 60% to 70% of our revenues as we exit this year. The CoolPower family of products is just a portion of it. It's a module that we are talking about, it's the parts that are going into servers, notebooks, all those parts are also BCD3 but they're not CoolPower. CoolPower family of products are the ones that go into high-volume consumer and consumer like market.
Meera Rao: Sure. In Q1, the bulk of the revenue in computing is from storage, and as you pointed out, that's got a very good gross margin profile. Now we're seeing increasing revenue coming in from SSD where we expect to see revenue come in from notebook, shockwave-based notebooks in the second half of this year and that would be all incremental revenue to us that we haven't had in the past, and you've got to remember, it's the same technology that we develop to go out to the server market and the telecom market and this allows us a way to monetize that technology earlier and it also helps us that the same OEMs and ODMs are designing our products for notebooks are the same guys who have been designing these products for servers, and so this helps us to build up, to prove to them the viability of our product. So for us, the notebook market opportunity in Q3 is all upside and it is very positive for us.
Meera Rao: We saw very good order activity last quarter, except for a little bit of a slowdown in February around the Chinese New Year. We have seen that continue strong into April and I can certainly say setting where we are right now this looks so much better than the second half of last year.
Meera Rao: Sorry, just to add to that, what (indiscernible) for us is we're offering our customers a choice of either going for this high current module or these standalone solutions and we're finding that winning with both of them, and what you're seeing right now, we just chose to – we had talked about win as a networking company before, and in this case, we are talking more about how the standalone solutions are playing out, and this is just one win and one chassis and we see this proliferating into more different kinds of boxes at just this one telecom company. So I guess you'll be using it more to kind of highlight our successes, and I think as we go on, you're going to see a communications network in revenue going to be a more sizable portion of our business.
Meera Rao: Yes, we are. We also started to ramp some of our newer products because we have seen a strong demand for those projected out in the second half and so we are kind of making sure that we have enough products available to service this market. For some of the traditional products, we usually go a certain amount by history, but from what we hear from our customers, we are expecting a sharper ramp and we just want to be prepared for those demand ramps.
Meera Rao: Yes, I expect this to come from consumer as well this quarter because seasonally Q2 and Q3 are the strongest quarters for consumer and we see an increase over there as well. The other market segments are going to do well, just as we've seen the new product design wins kick in or as the market share gains kick in.
Meera Rao: About a third of our storage revenue right now is coming from SSD and we continue to see our SSD solutions being accepted by most players, and as I've explained before, we have three kinds of customers, we have the flash memory folks,, we have the integrators as well as the HDD players who are all in SSD and we continue to see us getting more sockets on them as we get on to more platforms with them. We're also increasing our product offerings in SSD. We also have new products that they are rolling out for HDD. So this is a market where we expect to continue to see revenue growth both this year and next year.
Meera Rao: Sure. Industrial has the best gross margins (indiscernible) as we would expect. Currently computing has the second best because the storage revenue has very high gross margin. I guess communications is the third. Going forward, as the new product revenues come in, I can't say whether computing or communications, which one will be second and which one will be third, and consumer of course will always be the lowest gross margin.
Meera Rao: We will start investing in R&D as well as sales and marketing in the second half of the year. This is critical for us as we hit some of our historical ramp, our revenue the way we want to, into 2014 and 2015. So we will be investing in that growth in the second half.
Meera Rao: Yes. The last $400,000 that kicks-in in Q2 and then we're done with that particular one. We still have the O2 litigation open but we don't know the timing of when that money would come in.
Meera Rao: In Q1, we grew revenue in the three target markets that were critical for us, the ones that we have targeted for growth, communications, computing, and industrial. So we're very happy with the progress that we saw over there. And we even expect to see growth continue, we also expect to see consumer revenues kick-in in the second quarter.
Meera Rao: From geography, Asia ends up being the factory for the world and we see most of our products irrespective of where they are designed in being manufactured over there. So I would say that the majority of our products will be manufactured in either China or Taiwan, and if you take up all of Asia together, I think it will be somewhere between 85% and 90% of our revenue.
Meera Rao: Okay. The module is going into a wireless router and that's something we expect to begin production next quarter and we have got our first purchase order for that. And for the parts that are just Intelli-Phase and the controllers, that's going into switchboard chassis and that's something we also expect to start shipping into the second half of this year.
Meera Rao: So what you're seeing in the numbers there is backlighting going down and that's tied into the monitor business that we have in the notebook market, but you are seeing LED lighting go up and we expect, as Michael said, that LED lighting will continue to grow for us this year and next year.
Meera Rao: So you saw that in Q1 we grew our industrial revenue and we expect it to grow again in Q2. You've seen a lot of design wins come in and start ramping up. So I expect that by the end of this year, we'll have very good growth, whether it's going to be double, that's the part I don't know. But cumulatively, it's going to be very good.
Meera Rao: I'd like to remind all our listeners that we have our Analyst Day on June 6 at our headquarters in San Jose and we'd like to encourage you all to register at investorrelations@monolithicpower.com. Other than that, I'd like to thank you all for joining us on this call and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thanks. Bye-bye.
