Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. I want to provide some closing thoughts on Slide 16. We have made significant progress across all of our key priorities this year, including the direct energy integration, portfolio optimization and our test and learn program and returning capital to shareholders. I’m incredibly proud of the team’s efforts and focus over the last 24 months on executing our strategy. As we look into 2023 and beyond, we remain on track to achieve our long-term goals of high grading our earnings quality by expanding our customer lifetime value. and providing a compelling annual total return to our shareholders of 15% to 20% free cash flow before growth per share and 7% to 9% annual dividend growth. Our platform is well positioned to deliver strong and predictable results and create significant shareholder value as the leading essential home services provider. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Katherine, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, it disrupted traffic a little bit, but there is nothing like a great celebration after that win.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Julian. Well, so let me take a little bit of a step back because obviously, you need to look at the generation portfolio in light of our integrated retail platform, right? I mean we have said that the goal of the generation portfolio now is to help better supply and serve our customer needs. So when I think about our generation portfolio, I think about our overall supply strategy, and that is one where we have decided to diversify our supply to have some internal generation to have third-party PPAs and obviously, market purchases. All of those three things make our supply strategy. Now with respect to the generation portfolio, as you mentioned, higher power prices have led us to basically self-insure to have greater reliability because the value of each megawatt is much higher today than it was just 10 months ago with higher power prices and higher gas prices. So that’s why you’re going to see an increase in our maintenance capital because we want to make sure that we have greater reliability on our fleet. Obviously, we’re always optimizing our supply. And right now, the value that it provides for our integrated platform is very high. But if there is – there is always an opportunity to optimize that generation portfolio depending on market conditions and the opportunities that we see in the market.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I’ll turn to at but let me just give a little framework. I mean I think the big takeaway, I hope for everybody is that in 2023, we go back to the guidance or the outlook that we provided during our Investor Day. Our EBITDA guidance and our free cash flow guidance goes back in line with what we provided to you last year. We’re turning the page. And we’re just excited about the opportunities that we have to continue growing our business, our core energy business, but importantly, adjacent products and services. With respect to the seasonality of earnings, I think you should expect us going back to where we were perhaps in 2021. But Alberto, can you provide additional insights here.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean if you think about some of these coal supply issues, we were very transparent last year when we introduced them. And the team has done a tremendous job in mitigating these core supply chain issues, particularly in Texas, I mean we continue to have some things in the East, and team is just working through that. But as I mentioned to all of you when we introduced these are temporary. The call supply chain was significantly stretched because of the very rapid increase in natural gas prices. And I also said with time both coal suppliers and railroad providers scale off again their operations, and that’s what we’re seeing in our – with our key suppliers.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, yes, so two things. The first one is, as I committed to all of you, this year, we’re actually announcing both our earnings guidance as well as our capital allocation. If you remember in the past, we used to provide the capital allocation in the fourth quarter earnings call. So the first thing is we’re now providing these to much earlier than in the past. The second thing is always our capital allocation, we try to – the cadence happens with the cadence on when we generate cash, and this is not going to be any different. But as I said on my prepared remarks, the additional excess cash that we have available for allocation will be allocated throughout the year based on the highest return opportunity that we have. 2023, we start executing on our plan. We’re evaluating opportunities. But if these opportunities don’t yield a highest return compared to a share buyback, then we will allocate that to share buybacks, just that simple.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I mean, remember that as we execute on our plan, we always have three options, right? We either build them or grow organically, we partner or we buy them, we acquire something. So in the build or organic growth, there is always a lag between when you make the investment and when you receive some of those earnings. And in the – similar to the partner, and I would say the acquisition, that really accelerates earnings immediately, right? So we’re right now evaluating options and our both our business model and our go to market. The one thing that I will say is, as I think about the growth, there are some areas that – well, first of all, it’s a very narrow scope and I provided that scope in the slide that I present to you today. The second thing is there are some areas where we know that we’re not going to do it, that the business model is such that we will partner, for example, home solar. We’re not going to go into the entire value chain of home solar. We are going to partner. We have a lot of lessons learned here, and I have been very clear about that. So the pace of which the earnings are going to come in, it is really going to be dictated by how do we execute our strategy and we go to market. So it will be provided to you in the coming quarters as we start executing.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. And particularly in Texas, when you look at the plan that ERCOT provides and what we are tracking, I mean most of the new generation is really renewable energy. So, this should help and accelerate. We have this capability pretty well. It’s a well-oiled machine. We have been executing before there was a slowdown, and our expectation is going to pick up, and we have great visibility as to when that happens and also the economics around it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean I will ask Alberto to address some of it. I mean my take, remember, 2023 has two big components, right. I mean the first one is the money that goes into the Unit 8 at W.A. Parish. And then the second one, obviously, is the increase in maintenance because we want our self-insured given that every megawatt is more valuable with higher power prices. I mean that’s something that the market is going to dictate. What I will tell you is Adam incredibly proud of the team that is so near on our generation fleet during years where gas prices were very low, they tightened the belt, they adjusted the maintenance. It was the right decision because not every megawatt was as valuable as it is today. We very quickly pivoted to that. And as I mentioned, we put some capital at work before the summer that yielded really good results. And we are going to continue to do that. So – but I don’t know if there is anything else you want.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. It is a – I mean this is really to support our test and learn. So, we have identified a number of opportunities and the scope of those opportunities are actually on Slide 7, Michael. So, when you look at whether it is solar, storage, electric vehicles, energy management, protection, security, I mean the scope is really around essential services, and this is what we have been able to identify today. Obviously, we are working through the execution of our plan and we will provide updates as we – throughout the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And just to put a finer point here, Michael. I mean the $220 million, and I want to highlight what could impact, right. But as we are in the process of executing and depending on how do we finalize the go-to-market will have an impact on whether it goes to CapEx and OpEx. So, that’s as they say, CBD [ph] to be determined, Michael. But we will provide that transparency as we start executing on the plan.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. And just – I mean the team does a fantastic job on balancing customer account and margin. And that’s what we do every day. We have tremendous insights from our customers. And as Elizabeth said, both our retention numbers and our bad debt numbers are pretty well in line, very robust and customer count is just a result of a very intentional strategy around balancing customer account and retail margins. So, I am very pleased with the team.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And with respect to the portfolio optimization, again, I mean this is something that we are looking on a continuous basis. We haven’t stopped. I mean the Astoria sale in Watson is an example of what we are doing. A couple of quarters ago, I said that we are going to move into evaluating brownfield development, both in our Midwest fleet as well as in Texas. The team has been working on looking at these opportunities. And what I will tell you is also we are looking at potential partnering opportunities because we want to make sure that we – the capital that we use is the right structure. I don’t want to create friction in the system if we don’t have to. So, both in terms of brownfield opportunities and in terms of partnering opportunities, we have been very busy, and I hope to give you a more fulsome update in the coming quarters.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Normally, Steve, we are very conservative of when we plan our gas optimization activity this year, given the fact there has been a lot of volatility, the performance has been very good in that area. And also, obviously, we are benefited so from some higher margin from prices coming from our generation fleet in the East. But normally, you will see that if we do better in the East is driven by the gas.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. It’s always – I mean Steve, we always use market as an indication to guide us in terms of the profitability of our portfolio, right. So, if you look at the heat rates for 2023, we use market prices, market heat rates to inform our guidance.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean our intention is to complete towards the end of the year, and that’s basically our plan right now.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, a couple of things. And I think you are absolutely right, Steve. It’s going to get really busy. I think middle of November, there is going to be a recommendation from ERCOT and the PUCT. We have been working with them alongside throughout this entire time. We provided a number of initiatives. I know that they are evaluating. At the end of the day, I think that’s also going to be informed by how the Texas grid has operated. And as I said, I mean we broke the load record 39x this summer. And not even once we went into EA1, emergency situation. So, I think the grid is, well, when I look at the pipeline, it is very robust with lots of new renewable generation, so enough to meet current demand and future demand. So, I think that’s going to inform some of it. At the end of the day, they end up with some sort of dispatchable product. We have been working really hard in terms of the brownfield opportunities on our own sites. And obviously, that will play really well for participants like us who have sites in good locations already connected to the grid. And I think that gives us a cost advantage that we intend to fully utilize and monetize.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Catherine. Well, thank you all for your interest in NRG. And I look forward to continue updating you as we move to our next phase in the company. So, thank you all for your attention.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. I think more than looking at first half versus the second half, I would say that probably you will see these two critical quarters have been the second and the third. And so you will see probably more balance and more in line, as Mauricio said, with the past and potentially even the fourth quarter that this year is higher than normal. So I would say, again, probably get back to 2021 profile is what we should expect.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. First of all, Angie, let me say that the increase in the taxes – the tax payment that you see for 2023 are really due to two factors. One, we are forecasting a higher net income for the year and therefore, higher federal and state taxes. And the other piece is we got a refund for the BE on the DT side in 2022, that will not happen in 2023. And therefore, they are more or less half and of that explained increase year-over-year. We have – from the IRA, we have factored in our forecast the impact of the 1% taxes on share buybacks. However, there is no impact for the higher – for the minimum tax because at this moment, we don’t have any indication that the payment based on 2023 net income will be done in 2023. And so when we have more information regarding when this payment, if any, is due, then we will update you. In general, I would say, as we have said in the past that it’s very difficult to do forecasting based on the level of information that we have. But so far, all the indication is for relatively modest impact and also is a temporary impact that will recover after a few years. As soon as we get more details, we will be more precise.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. I just would like to point you to in the appendix, there is a page in which we highlight the impact on our maintenance CapEx coming in 2022 from Limestone and Parish and also for 2023. Long story short, when you eliminate the impact of these specific CapEx that we spend, you will see that there is around $40 million to $50 million increase in the maintenance CapEx, and this is really due to the fact that Mauricio was mentioning that given the current prices, we think that it is appropriate to increase the reliability of our fleet to basically catch all the opportunity that the current price environment is offering to us.
Alberto Fornaro: No. Regarding – okay, regarding the other investments, these do not impact EBITDA, there outside EBITDA. When you look at the growth plans there is a series of initiatives, and we will update you about what is going to EBITDA or not. But for the moment, it’s still – as Mauricio said, it’s a series of different initiatives and depending on which one we will prioritize, it will have more CapEx impact or not.
Alberto Fornaro: That is a very good question. And what you said is correct. The $111 million, they will not impact EBITDA, the $220 million. There are some initiatives that could have an impact on OpEx and others that have an impact on CapEx. And we will qualify that in the next quarter.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. Regarding the business insurance proceeds, I can confirm what we said in the prior year call and basically the negative impact of Parish 8 in the first half of 2023 will be absorbed by the insurance proceeds, and we have factored in our forecast.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. And it’s almost entirely the full amount that we highlighted in $220 million, Steve. So, that’s the main, okay.
