Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. On Slide 15, I want to briefly outline our 2023 priorities and expectations. First and foremost is delivering on our core energy business goals. We will continue to strengthen our integrated platform and further optimize our portfolio. Second, we are focused on closing the dividend acquisition, integrating the business and delivering on our synergy commitments. Finally, we will stay disciplined on our capital allocation plan as we execute on our strategic priorities.  I am excited about this next phase of our evolution and look forward to providing you a comprehensive update at our Investor Day later this year. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Josh, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean let me see if I understand the question. The pro forma that we show here could source in line with the free cash flow before growth targets that we provided you at Investor Day of 15% to 20%. So as you mentioned, what Vivint does is complements our share buyback and capital allocation program with a very attractive growth engine that we articulated in the call today.  Now, the Vivint transaction, I'm expecting that it's going to produce $400 million of free cash flow before growth, on top of the 2023 pro forma or guidance for NRG. So when I think about the 2025 pro forma, I will say that I'm very comfortable with the energy pro forma now that we have communicated the contribution of dividend, I will tell you that we have pretty good line of sight to deliver on that commitment of 15% to 20% growth.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I think what you should expect is at Investor Day, we'll provide you the 5-year plan that will go beyond 2025. I think that's the right time to articulate it obviously, the close and in subsequent weeks after the close and most likely on the earnings call, we will provide additional clarity in 2023 with respect to event, right? So with respect to the litigation that you're mentioning on the , we actually have looked at that, evaluated it, and we see very little risk in terms of closing the transaction. So keep in mind that this is not only for our industry, this is for all SPAC across all industry. And I see this more as just a clean of process than anything else. So the risk of impacting the closing of the transaction, I would say, is minimal.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, Angie, I mean I'm glad that you went down the list because when I think about 2023, I would say that it's more conservative than we have did in 2022. Not only from what we control. So if you think about the characteristics of our plans, the assumptions that we use in our forecast are more conservative we have also -- remember now this is the second year that we have increased maintenance CapEx around our plans. So we expect greater reliability on them. And there is a lot of tailwinds on our guidance.  You already mentioned the dynamics in the East where prices for the default service utility providers are much higher, and I think we're going to have a great opportunity to gain market share. With the falling gas prices, that creates really good environment for us for managing our retail margin. So all of this is positive.  Now, let's just -- it's only February, right? So I want to make sure that we see at least a couple of months, and we have greater visibility on the rest of the year before we can provide you additional adjustments. But I think it's fair to say that I feel very confident that we can achieve our guidance and perhaps we are hearing on the conservative side with the number. But I think it is -- I think it's prudent given the type of volatility and extreme weather that we have seen in the past couple of years.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I think it's fair to say that penalties -- we have taken all of that into consideration and bonuses, we need more information from PJM. So we have risk adjusted down for that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, I mean that's correct. So my expectation is that it will happen this year and obviously being very consistent with our capital allocation principles, we want to focus first on achieving our credit metrics and then we will -- once we have the visibility in terms of achieving that and obviously, as we get cash proceeds in the door throughout the year, we will be executing on the share repurchases. So my commitment to everybody is that we will execute them, but we need to have first assurance is that we have -- that we meet our commitment on credit metrics and that we have the cash available. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, David. So as you know, we actually have been optimizing our portfolio for a number of years. I think we have a pretty good track record on doing that. And the way I think about it is you have core assets and non-core assets, right? So core assets are whatever helps us best serve our customers. And if there is an asset that doesn't do that function, then it becomes a non-core asset, and we'll look at monetizing that.  There is a second set of things that -- if there is an asset that is more valuable in somebody else's business, we will definitely take a look at that and evaluate all the options. So what I can tell you is, this is an ongoing process. We sold and monetized some assets last year. We're going to do that. What I wanted today was to provide you more specificity around the amount that we are targeting and that this will be executed throughout 2023. In terms of timing, obviously, these will require 2 people coming to an agreement and -- but we will be updating you as soon as we have available information.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, David. So when you think about the reliability and resiliency, I actually -- if you take a step back, and you think about our supply strategy to serve our retail loan, I think about it in 3 big buckets. The first one is the generation that we own, the second one is medium-term PPAs and then the third one is obviously, you complement that with market purchases.  Today, we are roughly 50% of the megawatts that we serve, we supply with our own generation, 50% with third-party either tools or purchases. So what we have done on the -- on our own generation is twofold. Number one, we have been a little bit more conservative when we run our forecast and what we use to hedge our node in terms of plan characteristics and that gives us a little bit more push on so we're self-insuring.  The second thing is we have actually invested additional maintenance CapEx to increase the reliability on the units, specifically in areas where we have seen issues during scarcity conditions. So those 2 things really mitigate what I described as the operational risk on our units.  The other tool, we actually trade these operational risk or counterparty risk, credit risk. So while it's perhaps more firmer in terms of the megawatts, it also -- we have to monitor the health of the entities that we're transacting with. So what I like about this approach is that we're diversifying our risk that is not a all-generation, all-operational risk. So we actually diversify the risk. And this one was one of the big lessons during winter storm Yuri. So I feel very comfortable the risk adjustment that we have made.  And then lastly, in terms of hedging our loans, we are being a little bit more conservative. So we're leaning perhaps longer than we have done in the past and to make sure that we manage some of the scarcity periods where we see higher load. But obviously, you cannot derisk completely the business because it would be cost prohibitive. So we've been very, very intentional and very thoughtful about.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So we already sold Astoria. And let me just give you my view on the 2023 guidance, which I started talking to and about it, and then I'll pass it on to Alberto to tell you exactly what's the amount. But the way to think about the 2023 speed is more conservative forecast that we have done in the past, both from an operational productivities of the power plants, how we're managing our retail load but also because of the dynamics that existed in 2022 that don't exist today, like if you remember, we have the supply chain issues on coal and chemicals. That has abated for the most part.  We are falling to stable natural gas prices now that allows us to better manage our retail margins. We have an environment in the East where we feel very comfortable that we can gain market share on our retail business. So I think in general, I would say that 2023 is a lot more conservative. The guidance is right on top of what we provided to you back at the Investor Day when you adjust for asset sales which we provided you the bridge back then. So actually, in the Investor Day deck, you have the ins and outs, given the portfolio optimization that we have done. And we're literally on top of where we should have been so -- 2 things. One, I feel very confident that this is in line with what we provided you. And two, that is taking -- we're taking a little bit more of our conservative approach in so the number.  Obviously, we will update you throughout the year. But just keep in mind that we're just at the beginning of the year. But I don't know if there is anything else that we need to add.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Thank you for your interest in NRG, and I look forward to updating you once we close the transaction on Vivint. Thank you.
Angie Storozynski: That's good, especially after this whole year. Okay. And then on the PJM capacity penalties. So it's my understanding that the disclosures that the generation companies were provided by PJM on Slide 8 only talked about penalties. So any sort of bonus capacity payments haven't been disclosed or calculated. So I know that, that's a '22 issue. But just talk to us about how you accounted for those offsets to the penalties on the capacity side.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, so when you announced the event, there was a plan to execute on share buybacks a pretty meaningful $360 million. I mean, looking at the share count, you haven't done it. I understand that there is a plan for '23 to finish that $1 billion of the share buyback allocation. So just talk to me about the timing, why it hasn't happened yet. Were you waiting for the proceeds from Astoria? Is it somewhat of a reflection of the weak free cash flow generation for '22? And again, just roughly about when we should expect those buybacks to happen.
Angie Storozynski: So it's not like the fact that you deferred the buyback -- it's in no way does that reduce the amount of financing that you will need to raise for the Vivint transaction.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. No, I mean it is -- from the penalty side, it is relatively simple because we have considered based on our record, what is the potential penalties that they can [indiscernible] in to account. On the bonus side, there is a lot of variables, including potential bankruptcy that can change the amount that will be distributed. And therefore, what we have done with the limited information available, we have estimated what is the best case scenario, the worst-case scenario and we have chosen a level we are comfortable. And therefore, we have, at the end of the day, risk adjusted the bonus for -- that we could get at the end of this process.  We will know more in the in the next months, but we are comfortable with what we have done.
Alberto Fornaro: Yes. And just to be a little bit more specific, Steve, regarding Parish outage, we said that there is no impact in 2023. And the reason is because of the impact of the availability of the plant was matched by business insurance. We have received a little bit more than the business insurance in 2022. However, we are recalculating the margin. And net-net, it's still completely hedged by -- the loss margin is hedged by what we're going to receive as insurance, and therefore, no change compared to the prior scenario, which was in the third quarter when we provided the guidance.
Alberto Fornaro: The upsell, we have factored Astoria basically which happened in January. And we are -- for the moment, until there are news, obviously, we are not adjusting.
Alberto Fornaro: Astoria has been considered because it was a -- should have happened at the end of 2022. It happened just a few days after '23 and we took it into consideration in our guidance.
Alberto Fornaro: It's fairly small at the full impact. Consider that we have a tool for the remaining short period. So it's very, very small.
