Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Julien. So let me start by – we’ve all seen and experienced a pretty solid increase in natural gas prices. So when natural gas prices move up, where coal-generation flexes up and that caused a stress in the coal supply chain because I mean, we have been, for the past four or five years, generating at a certain level, not only us, but the entire coal-generation industry. So when you rapidly flex up, your coal supply chain doesn't flex up as quickly as you would like it to be, whether it's the commodity, the delivery, which is rail or chemicals, which is to control the emissions. Now, when that happens, in a normal circumstance, we will use that incremental generation to serve our month-to-month customers that are on their variable pricing. Now, when we are constrained, when we cannot flex up because of the supply constraints, then we have to go-to-market and procure at higher prices, which means then we have to make a decision, how much of these higher cost we pass through our customers. Keep in mind that we are balancing here margin stability and retention. So -- and one of the objectives that we have when we see these sudden increases -- short-term sudden increases, we don't want to cause a bill shock to our customers. We want to make sure that we maintain that we pass some of the cost, but not all of the cost. Obviously in the mid and the long-term, you can pass all the costs. But in the short-term, you really want to avoid bill shocks because if you lose the customer, you're also going to spend money in acquiring back the customer. So that's why this is a very deliberate, this is a balancing act between margin and stability and retention. Now, in terms of the duration of these, I expect these to be primarily in the first-half of the year. I think this will ease off in the second half because supply chain and the coal supply chain will respond to increasing pricing levels. Now to your question around realized and unrealized, most of these right now is on realized, but - because these are month-to-month customers. So, we have some levers to mitigate the impact. I mean, the first one is, obviously, how do we optimize our coal generation? Should we be looking only at running when you have really high-margin hours and then backing down in low-margin hours? We are in constant communication and testing the market in terms of our retail pricing strategy and priorities. I mean, the other leverage, Direct Energy synergies, and we're going to continue looking at if we can expand those Direct Energy synergies. And then finally, as you mentioned, I mean, this is a very evolving story, so things can change fairly quickly, just like the entire system moved up in the back of natural gas. It can come back down to more normal levels, and therefore, this will -- these constraints will ease, and we'll be back to a more normalized, I guess, environment. So I hope that these provides you that that framework and that explanation on what we're seeing today.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Absolutely. And I think that's what – that’s how we wanted to lay it out for all of you. I mean, there - we think of this as transitory, specifically for 2022, both some of these supply chain plus the outage in Limestone, I expect that to normalize in 2023 and that's why we wanted to provide you the earnings power of our platform on a – in a normalized basis ‘23 and beyond.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael, I mean, we're always have to be flexible and aware of the opportunities that we have, right? I mean, we cannot be tone-deaf to what is happening around the organization around our markets. I believe that the value proposition of NRG, it is this balance approach of maintaining a strong balance sheet, returning capital to shareholders and growing the Company now. And that we have a tremendous opportunity on growing into these customer service or consumer service opportunities that we see in the market. So we're very, very excited about that. Now, having said that, I expect 2022 to perhaps be a little bit lighter on the investing in growth as opposed to '23, '24, and '25. What that means is, the business -- our business that is generating tremendous excess cash over $1.6 billion. We're going to be using our capital allocation principles, which is going to be returning capital to shareholders and growing. But since we're going to be only deploying, I would say a smaller part in 2022, I think, you should expect our share of returning capital to be bigger than the 50% that we have indicated in the past. So that's how I would think about it. Now, we continue -- we remain committed to our 2.5 to 2.75 by 2023 and we expect what achieve that through growing our EBITDA. And we grow the EBITDA by executing on the Direct Energy synergies and now with the incremental growth EBITDA that we can generate. So that's how I would frame it. Michael, obviously, we'll remain flexible, we'll remain opportunistic and we are not going to be tone-deaf to what we -- the opportunities that we will see in the market.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean our plan would be to provide you a lot more clarity in the next earnings call. We would have that point. Identify what goes to growth investments and what we're going to do to return capital to shareholders. But I think -- I hope that the number that we provided you today. Gives you have a pretty good idea in terms of the magnitude of the excess cash that we have and where are we leaning and where do we see the opportunities to create value. I have said in the past, I believe that buying back our shares at discount creates value for our shareholders. Since I took over as CEO, we have bought back close to 25% of all the shares outstanding. So this is something that we're going to continue doing, is part of our value proposition, and we're going to remain opportunistic about it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Michael, I will tell you. It's always free cash flow per share growth because that's what matters to our shareholders. The per-share metrics, and we've outlined a 15% to 20% free cash flow per share growth in our 5-year plan. I think that's very, very compelling. We have the excess cash to execute on that both in terms of growing the numerator and then reducing the denominator while maintaining a strong Balance Sheet. So I think this balanced approach serves us well in the long run. Perhaps in the short-term, there may be other things that people want to do but I'm looking at long term value creation for our shareholders here.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And now, Shahriar, just to be still to be clear. Some of these ancillary costs that preceded describing a lot of them, we pass them through already, our customers, some of them we -- like I said, we don't want to create a bill shock. So in the medium to long run, all of these ancillaries will be passed through to customers. But in the short-term, we're managing these bill shock versus stability of margin and our retention numbers, just keep that in mind. That's why I call this transitory.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, once again, I think that's in short term. We are seeing some supply chain issues in the solar, particularly in solar. We are going to be constantly in the market running RSPs to get solar wind and we are actually now looking at batteries. They continue to be very attractive from an economic standpoint. We are probably taking off our feet from the pedal just because it's -- we are aware of the supply chain, so we are slowing down a little bit on these PPAs. We want to see how these works out and then re-engage. I think that's the prudent thing to do. I'm very pleased with where we are today in terms of the PPAs that we have been able to sign and the economics that we have been able to achieve. But I also recognize that there is a transitory issue right now with supply chain that I don't want to be signing PPA's at higher costs. We've been very disciplined in terms of where we actually execute these PPAs. So my expectation is it has slowed down over the past couple of months, I think it's going to continue like that. And we're going to start picking up when we start seeing these supply chain issues ease off a little bit.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So think about this in 2 markets now that we have a power and gas business. So let me start with the gas business perhaps because that's the newest for all of you on the -- our ownership. Our gas business, think of it as a logistics business. We don't take commodity price risk. Every time we sign a customer, we back-to-back it with natural gas. And as part of that, we get a tremendous amount of, call it assets pipeline, storage, LDC relationships. So that infrastructure gives us the ability to manage some of the volatility that exist.
Mauricio Gutierrez: cause a bill shock to our customers, at the same time you want to manage stable margins and good retention numbers, which are very, very compelling on our business. So that's how I'm thinking about it and that's why -- I mean, if it's a structurally higher gas prices, I don't have a big issue with that. I mean, the issue it always comes when gas prices move up very, very quickly. And then you have these constraints on the coal supply chain, and that's what we are addressing these here as transitory.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think you need to recognize that '22 is a transition year and our commitment is achieving this in 2023, which we expect to go back to our normalized earnings. So when you're thinking about our trajectory from where we are today to how we get to 2023, you always have to take into consideration this on anticipated issue that we're seeing on the supply chain. So we remain committed for 2023. We believe that we can get to those credit metrics by growing into them now, not only Direct Energy synergies, but also additional growth EBITDA that we can execute on. And that's how I think about it. So I wouldn't read too much into the number in 2022. I think what is important is our objective in 2023.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, as I said Angie, the first thing is I think the value proposition of NRG has always been this balanced approach between a strong Balance Sheet, returning capital and growing. So what you're describing is basically levering up to buy back stock. And at this point that's not our focus. Our focus is on continued executing on this balanced approach. But like I said, we are generating tremendous excess cash in the next 13 months. We're going to be deploying that consistently with our target allocation principles. That already gives you an indication. I described as the floor on share buybacks because you can clearly see the $1.6 billion of excess cash. You can look at -- if that's a 50/50, then you know what the dividend number is. You can be confident that the share buybacks that gets us to the 50%, that's -- you should think of that as the floor. And then on the opportunistic deployment of the other 50%, that's what we're talking about, right? That's what we're going to be flexing off. We want to be opportunistic about it. But I also want to I want to stay true to the value proposition that we have indicated to our shareholders. We're not going to become the FNG, and we're going to evaluate all the options that are available to us. And I think our record of execution should tell you that if there is a deep discount on our shares, we will react accordingly and we have done that in the past.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Angie, it stems from the generation side because when you actually -- if we actually, in a normal circumstance, if our coal generation was able to flex off, we always plan to use that additional megawatts to cover our month-on-month customers. We don't have it and the market indicates that we should, but because we have these constraints, we cannot flex that off. We have to buy it as replacement cost. So I wouldn't characterize it as a retail thing. I think that's the -- I'm trying to connect the two so you understand the reason why this is happening. It stems from the generation side but if I actually had a heat rate call option on gas, I wouldn't be having this conversation. We would be able to flex up those megawatts and serve our month-to-month customers. So, I just want to be careful that I actually wouldn't characterize it as a retail concern. This is basically starts with an issue on coal supply that impacts our coal-generation economics which then impacts how we were thinking about managing those month-to-month customers than your pricing every month on a continuous basis.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, because the month-to-month, you don't have an initial hedge on the month-to-month. You hedge against your fixed price low. And like I said, we are passing some of that cost, but not all of the cost. So on the month-to-month, because you have this desirable pricing, you have some but the extent that we have seen in terms of the increase in gas prices that impact power prices, really has put us in a position where we need to make a decision, do we want to pass through all of these at the expense of retention or not? But it all stems from the fact that we cannot flex up our coal generation because of these supply constraint issues.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So our number incorporates our expectation. What we're right now seeing and hearing from our railroad partners and coal suppliers So this is reflected in this number. Obviously, we're working hard to mitigate this and I already listed a few of the things that we're going to mitigate. We're going to be working harder. I'm not pleased with it and I don't want -- these are not realize, these are unrealized and as long as they're unrealized There is some opportunity to get back to normal number. And then if they, if it gets better, quicker than you can expect upside if it gets worse than we will try to mitigate things. I think we're getting ahead of it, we have a pretty good we believe in terms of how we can mitigate these for 2022. But yes, that's how I would characterize it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So we have about a $110 million in 2023 in addition to 2. [Indiscernible], I think that's what we -- and obviously, this is just another lever that we're working hard. I'm very pleased to see where we are on synergies year-to-date. But we're always going to be looking at additional opportunities to make our platform more efficient.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct. And then also keep in mind that you have the remaining of the PJM assets, which is about $40 million, a unit to the [Indiscernible] in order to complete their normalization of your exercise.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Benjamin. Well, thank you, everybody, for your interest in NRG, and I look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Christopher Moser: Yeah. Shahriar, they moved up responsive a little bit, couple of 100 megawatts. But the big change that they made in the middle of the summer last year was then moved up the non-spend requirements and that was by a factor depending on the hour and the day between 2 and three X. So that's been the bigger of the two impacts in terms of ancillary changes that they've made so far. Now, we're still waiting to see PUCT is a hard working sessions. And we've seen a memo from Chairman Lake detailing his thoughts. There is plenty of debate about, hey, what do we want to do on ancillaries going forward and certainly on the ORDC parameters too? Brattle group is coming in. They're going to study various combinations of, at what part of reserves should you start ORDC to kick in, at what slope should incline and whereas the cap, kind of a thing. There's a lot of moving pieces right now in terms of market designs that should be according to the schedule that I've seen nailed down by mid to late December. I think that they're planning on posting something around December 20, which will be their pick of ORDC changes, whether or not they have a winter fuel ancillary in there which is different than these 2 ancillaries I am talking about, what level that they want for the non-spend. And then also we've been advocating for an LSD obligation that would phase in over a couple of years. And Chairman Lake included that in his memo too so -- and there's a bunch of market design stuff that's moving that we'll be getting to here as we get to the end of the year.
Christopher Moser: Yes, Jonathan, this is Chris. In terms of what happened at Limestone, the duct that connects the back-end controls to the stack collapsed, and so we've gone through the demolition part of that, still finalizing root cause, but very close on that. And we are well underway on the restoration plan, which is expected to be done in April 15, right in the middle of April.
Christopher Moser: Yes, there's property damage and business interruption, but that will take a little while to work through right. But we notified them. They've been working through it with on the process as we've been going in terms of demolition and the reconstruction of it.
