Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. And in closing, you can see on slide 13 that we have made good progress against our key priorities this quarter. With respect to GenOn, we continue to evaluate all options available in advance of the upcoming bond maturities on June 15 of this year with our primary goal of negotiating a comprehensive solution to satisfy our stated core principles. We, along with GenOn, remain in active dialog with GenOn's creditors while we continue to evaluate and pursue a broader range of possible outcomes. To that end, GenOn recently appointed a new dedicated CEO to assist in these ongoing efforts. I expect to update the market in the near term. As I look into the summer and beyond, I am confident in our ability to deliver strong results across our well diversified and integrated platform with a philosophy of continuous improvement. Thank you. And with that, operator, we're ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Greg, it was actually around the $100 million. A quarter of that was advisory fees, and if you look at the two drivers of the remaining, it was a really the mild weather that affected Retail and Generation, and it was the lower wind speeds and solar insulation that impacted Yield and Renewables.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Greg, I think we're making really good progress inside the BRC. As I mentioned, the entire companies are engaged, all the businesses are engaged. As you all know, we have a now (24:52) date of August 15, but we're working as diligent as we can to be able to communicate to the market as soon as possible. So if that merits – if we come to a conclusion and if that merits a standalone call before the earnings call, we will do that. My objective is to communicate that as soon as we have resolution and really not waiting for a quarterly earnings call. So if we have something to say, we're going to say it as soon as we can.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, the increase in the pipeline as I mentioned to you, after we integrated, post the GreenCo process, after we integrated our Renewables business and have stabilized that group, I think you can see the results here, not only with the acquisition of SunEdison, but really increasing our pipeline of projects. Keep in mind that these pipeline of projects are in various stages of development. I will say that most of them are really on an early stage development. And this is an important driver for Yield. We are a significant owner of Yield, and as we can provide more clarity on assets that we can drop down, it just enhances the value of Yield, which enhances the value of NRG. So I think that's the objective that we have and the mandate that I've given to the Renewables business. We need to continue growing that pipeline.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think when you talk about capital deployment, keep in mind that most of the capital deployment around Renewables is transitory because we have said before – we have set it up as a quick capital replenishment, so redevelopment and then we very quickly turn it to Yield or sell it down to Yield to replenish capital and redeploy that at NRG. So, just keep that in mind, this is not permanent capital.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, as I mentioned, the first quarter was about $25 million. And what I will tell you is that it's hard to pinpoint right now the exact fees that we're going to have because it's going to depend on the outcome of both the BRC process and ultimately the path that we get to GenOn, but what we have embedded right now in our guidance is it's under $50 million.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Keep in mind, as I said, the big driver here was the roll-off of high priced hedges that we actually put post the polar vortex of 2014. So if you remember, after the polar vortex, all the winter strips re-priced right after that, the 2016 and 2017 winter strip completely – or the 2015 and 2016 re-priced. And most of that – the uptick that we saw post polar vortex were exactly in the winter months. So, that's why the largest impact was in this quarter. I think as you progress in the year, that's going to subside. And the other thing that I will say is we've always identified 2017 as the trough year. So I think as you move in the outer years at current market prices, I think it's fair to assume that the outlook for commodity prices improve.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And I think when you look at the focus of the BRC, one is cost initiatives. And given the low commodity price environment, I think it's fair to assume that we will continue our focus on reducing cost and that's somewhat independent of a particular season or particular summer. Of course, in every decision that we make including the evaluation of all our businesses inside the BRC, we're looking prospectively at the markets. We're looking at the current curve, we're looking at the sensitivity around it, and that's what is going to inform the decisions that we make at the BRC and ultimately the recommendations that we give to the board. So I don't think we are looking prospectively and I think that's the point that I want to make, Angie. This is not just a single point and marking a special decision against a curve. We are actually stressing different scenarios to understand the total composition of the portfolio and the sensitivity of the portfolio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. Well, Angie, I will say that the appointment of the new CEO, I think, in his responsibility is to review and be responsible for ultimately the bidding of these assets. Now we continue to provide shared services agreement including asset management, commercial – the wide range of shared services agreement that we give to GenOn, but as we have done in the past, we provide a recommendation and the commercial team gives them their perspective, but ultimately it's going to be the new CEO's responsibility to determine how that portfolio is going to be bidding to the market.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I think everything is taken into consideration on the Business Review Committee. We have said in the past that one of the strengths of our portfolio is the diversity of our merit order, base load merit and peaking. So clearly, if there is something that focuses on recognizing the value of base load, then we welcome that, but I want to be crystal clear, it has to be in a way that doesn't jeopardize the integrity of competitive markets and we have to find ways to find the right competitive pricing to ensure the reliability of the system and that every single one of the resources is fairly compensated for the services that he provides to the group, and I think that has been our approach.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, let me just start with our retirements because I've been very clear in the past. Our business is not to keep uneconomic generation running. We have retired a significant amount of generation that we felt was unprofitable and didn't have good prospects. Just last month, we retired Greens Bayou 5, 370 megawatts of capacity in Texas. And earlier in the year, we retired Pittsburgh in California. So I think the combination was close to 1,500 megawatts of generation. So when we have an uneconomic plant, we will move quickly and swiftly to take it out of the market. And of course, as part of the BRC, we're doing a holistic review of the portfolio. There are opportunities and I think we demonstrated that last year. We sold three plants. We monetized them over $0.5 billion of asset or sale proceeds. I think there is an opportunity where perhaps another counterparty has a different view on commodity markets or can create a – or looks at value differently than us and we will execute on that. But as I said, I think as part of the – with that respect, I don't want to front-run the BRC process. When it comes to asset divestitures, I think we need to let that play out. We are having good and very constructive conversations inside the BRC. And as I said before, we're moving as fast as we can because I am the first one who wants to communicate this to the market. So you have my commitment that as soon as we have something to communicate, we will tell you.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Greg, it's Kirk. That's true with respect to the denominator because we basically adjusted out less with respect to GenOn. It's really the numerator component of that, as I indicated earlier, that we did increase the corporate debt just associated with that drawdown under the intercompany revolver, which NRG in turn funded by drawing its own revolver.
Kirkland B. Andrews: No, not a lot more to add, Julien. Obviously, GenOn is an outcome-dependent situation, but there are significant costs associated with the provision of shared services and inclusive of that change combined with any reasonable anticipation of any cost coming out of the BRC process, as you implied which I'd agree with, that would be certainly a net positive relative to the outlook because we haven't embedded any of that into our current outlook that underpins our guidance.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think that's fair. The combination of those two outcomes assuming any reasonable amount of cost cutting above and beyond GenOn should be a net positive vis-à-vis our outlook today.
