David Whipple Crane: You mean in terms of the way that the Yield and NRG are working together on Home Solar leases, and down the road on business to business? Is that...
David Whipple Crane: Well, I mean, certainly we hope, I mean in a world of getting things approved in California, this is pretty much a par for the course and we certainly support President Picker's alternative decision, and I think that they're now going to make a final decision in just a couple weeks, I think May 19 or May 21 or something like that, so we certainly hope it goes the right way because we think the plant is obviously the right solution for Southern California in the absence of the SONGS plant. But I mean, if it does go the other way, I mean, the project's not dead yet, it's just that the path to approval becomes longer and a little bit more opaque, and so at the very least I think there would be a delay, and we certainly hope for our sake and for the sake of California, that that's not the case.
David Whipple Crane: Yeah. I actually think we said to the upper quarter of the range. And we're still tracking to that same upper quarter. But if I didn't say, or if Kirk didn't say upper quarter, then we're saying it now.
David Whipple Crane: Angie, it's a very situationally-specific answer to that question. I mean we've really looked at every situation. I mean led by the independent directors at NRG Yield, they have repeatedly said they want to remain true to the idea that there's very specific risks they're willing to take, and a lot of risks that they're not willing to take. And if there's a big acquisition, half merchant, half contracted, and it has a lot of integration that has to be done and all that, they want to see that done at NRG first, and then receive the contracted assets when they're settled down. On the other hand, they've done direct acquisitions of assets which they perceived, and we perceived, didn't require a lot of new risk taking on their part. So it's really case by case is the best I could tell you.
David Whipple Crane: Well, I mean I think that we see the biggest opportunity, and we've had some success there in sort of California's preferred resources where there's a contract for it. I mean from my perspective, and particularly the more distributed you get, sort of merchant storage, if you will, is – I think is still some ways away from being a significant opportunity.
David Whipple Crane: Oh, thank you, thank you, we appreciate that. It's – well that's just what we wanted on a Friday after – Friday morning.
David Whipple Crane: Well thank you, operator, and thank you all for participating on this Friday morning, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. And thanks.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. Stephen, the high-level answer to that is, yes, and is for the same reason for both distributed solar and residential solar. And that is just the ongoing continual nature of the opportunity set combined with the fact that, as you know, now that we've shifted from cash grants exclusively, really into ITCs, that requires that the equity funding basically be locked down once we reach COD. So for that reason, it's important for us to have capacity to be flexible and nimble when those opportunities present and they tend to do so on a sort of a rolling and ongoing basis, and so that affords us the ability to be nimble on both DG and residential solar. And broadly speaking, the structure of those two partnerships in terms of the sharing of cash flows between NRG and NRG Yield, especially NRG towards the residual as we retained the recontracting ability will be similar between those two partnerships.
Kirkland B. Andrews: The only thing – I'd say it this way is that the CAFD yield, which is an average, and I'm using the example more tangibly from the residential solar partnership, that 7.5% yield is a good way to think about the economics, or at least the sharing, the cash flows, that are represented by that 95% that goes to NRG Yield.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. The committed piece, and I'm speaking specifically – I think your question, Dan, was directly on the buyback front, the predictable component of that, the committed piece of that is the one-thirds of the dropdown proceeds that is earmarked for share repurchases. And while certainly we can opportunistically supplement that with additional capital allocation is really anchored by the free cash flow, a good example of which is the $81 million we added today, we maintain that flexibility. But the committed part of it is the one-thirds piece from the Yield dropdown.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. Jonathan, there is no meaningful amount of spend currently in that, as it would ordinarily be the case in the growth investments component of capital allocation. We expect the preponderance of that spend to really begin in earnest in 2016.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Greg, I would not expect that to – the approval to have an impact on the $1.6 billion. From a timing perspective, while there may be a small amount of capital towards the end of the year, in any circumstance, I would still expect the bulk of the capital towards Carlsbad to really be in earnest in 2016.
Kirkland B. Andrews: So when you're looking at the $360 million that's at the bottom there, that's correct, although I would say within the $960 million of committed capital that's on the growth investments page, that really includes the line of sight we have right now on the remaining NRG Yield-eligible assets. So while $200 million of that $360 million is the one-thirds component that goes towards Yield-eligible assets, I would expect those dollars more likely to be spent in 2016 and moving forward. I don't see a significant increase right now in allocations or towards Yield-eligible investments other than that which is already subsumed within that $960 million of growth capital. I do want to go back to your question. I apologize for the confusion over 2015 and 2016. When you go to the slide on capital expenditures, I said that Carlsbad would be an increase, that – I want to clarify that point. We provided that 2016 number for a reason and part of the committed capital in there is the Carlsbad plant and the Mandalay plant. So forgive me for misunderstanding your question. That is included in the 2016 capital expenditures.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Not reflected on the numbers, and I'm not aware of any read-through in terms of the situation with the Carlsbad project onto Mandalay, no.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, David. And good morning, Julien. So as you know, Maryland implemented an emergency ruling for 2015 setting up a specific limit that can be complied across the entire portfolio. We continue to work with MDE in a solution that doesn't necessarily require a unit-by-unit NOS (49:01) limit that could potentially lead to additional environmental equipment or potentially fuel conversion of that, and these market conditions are not economic. So we will continue to work with them to find a solution that is consistent with other federal regulations in terms of compliance at a total portfolio level.
Mauricio Gutierrez: On Bowline, I mean we are – we're moving and rerating our units. We have invested already that capital at very attractive multiples, and we are bringing additional megawatts given the pricing conditions that we're seeing in the lower Hudson Valley.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I mean, keep in mind that you need two elements for an over performance in Retail. Not only do you need lower commodity prices that translate in lower supply costs, but you also need higher loads given to extreme weather conditions. In the case of Q1, you have colder than normal weather. So as we look at the rest of the year, I think it's a little too early to tell how weather's going to play out, and I'm not going to – I mean, it's a little disingenuous to start making predictions about whether it's going to be hotter than normal or not. But certainly, if those two elements present themselves in the summer, we can expect retail to over-perform.
