Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to slide 16, I want to provide you with a few closing thoughts on our 2018 priorities and expectations. We continue to deliver solid financial and operational results while remaining on track with all of our cost and margin targets under our Transformation Plan. Our integrated platform is working as designed through the volatile summer months and remains well-positioned for tight market conditions in the future. As I said, winning the summer and closing on our announced asset sales is our most immediate focus. I look forward to updating you on our progress and providing you more clarity on our capital location as we move into the second half of the year. So, with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. James, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Julien. So let me start with the first one. I mean, we're going to launch the next round of – the next $500 million of share buyback once we close on either Yield, Renewables or our South Central portfolio. So, if that happens before our third quarter call, you will know and all the investors will know. With respect to your second question about the balance of the remaining asset sales, we're going to be providing you another update as we go through this evaluation towards the end of the year. But just keep in mind, I mean, right now, our focus is to close on these two transactions. And as we move into the year, the team is now shifting gears and evaluating the other asset that will be done for closing. Now, as you can tell, if we see an opportunity like we did with some of the asset sales that we accelerated from 2019 to 2018, we're going to do it. But I just want to make sure, I mean, all the resources that we have right now are completely focused in closing Yield and Renewables and South Central.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, let me start by saying that retail had a phenomenal quarter in the second quarter. We had warmer-than-normal temperatures. That basically pushed our loads and load usage. Keep in mind that we also added XOOM for one month. And Business Solutions also performed well. So, it was a good quarter all around for retail. But Elizabeth, I mean, with respect to some of the attrition questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, first is the – I think you need to look at the fundamentals in Texas. And what I was very pleased to see this summer is that demand is real. I mean, setting a new record peak of 73.3 gigawatts in July, which is not normally even the month that you'll see the most extreme weather, was very encouraging. So, when you think about the fundamental picture of ERCOT, the supply/demand and the timings (00:29:57) that exist, it hasn't changed. And actually, this summer has validated that it's here for the foreseeable future. I think what you saw this summer is just a combination of a few things. One was a very strong demand, but that strong demand was met with, like I said, perfect performance by a degree. I mean, when I say perfect performance, you have to just look at the forced outages that we had in that peak there (00:30:22), and I mean, they were quite remarkable. And also wind performed, as expected, very close to normal. So, obviously, when you have this type of a situation, yeah, I mean, real-time prices were below what people were expecting. They are not necessarily low, but they were below what people were expecting. And from my perspective, we want a market that has very strong fundamentals and that has a really good market structure on both generation and retail like the one we have in Texas, so that is the perfect combination. We don't want to see a market that is clearing too low that necessarily doesn't reflect the fundamentals of the market and that's why we have been so, I guess, frustrated over the past couple of years in ERCOT. But also, we don't want to see a situation where you have a scarcity pricing that leads to perhaps shading low, and none of those two extremes are good for our franchise. Our integrated franchise of generation and retail is somewhere in the middle. So, the most important thing is that prices reflect the fundamentals of the market. And from where I see it, the fundamentals in Texas are incredibly strong. And they're going to be very strong for the foreseeable future. I mean, even if you look at the forward prices, I mean, they've been rising, but they are not at the point that are incentivized new-build economics. So, supply continues to be delay on new generation. Demand, we just saw that it was very strong. So, I mean, I want to see a market that is well-functioning, not that is bouncing on either side of the extremes.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Greg. I mean, this is just the normal course of business. We actually buy books. I mean, we have an engine in Elizabeth and she's very effective in terms of identifying these opportunities. So, I wouldn't even think that they are representative of a transaction like XOOM. This is just a normal course of business. We're always looking for books that we can add to our retail business, and that's what they were.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, let me just start by saying that we're not going to front-run (00:34:20) our third quarter earnings call, which we're going to be providing guidance for 2019. My thoughts on share buybacks continue to be the same. And for that matter, all capital deployment, we're going to adhere strictly to our capital allocation principles. And as I see today, given where the price of our stock is, I don't think that there is any other more compelling and attractive investment than our own stock. So, until that changes, I think it's fair to assume that that's where we're going to be focusing on.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Steve. Yes, I mean in the Yield and Renewables, like I said, I mean all regulatory approvals are done, consents, we're well on our way to have all of them. At this point, we're not providing any specific details in which ones are remaining but what I can tell you is that I have confidence that we're going to be in a position to close on the third quarter. That's what I will share on that, Steve.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So, Steve, I mean, from a percentage standpoint, while it appears on that disclosure on an annualized basis, think of it as they were all put in the summer. So, the summer percentage was much higher than what is showing in the...
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I mean, my concern is always that the prices do not reflect the fundamental view of the market. I mean, that to me is what keeps me up at night because if the prices don't reflect that, then developers, generators, we can't – perhaps we're making decisions with not the best information. Now, obviously real-time prices are just one aspect of it. I mean, you have to look at the day ahead. You have to look at the forwards, and most of the decisions are made on forward pricing. The day-ahead market is also an indication on how people get set up. And then real-time prices is what happens. I mean, so far we have been talking about real-time prices which basically was the result of perfect performance of the grid and a very strong demand. But as I think about 2019 and 2020, obviously I want to make sure that the prices are reflecting the fundamental situation in Texas. And to the extent that that lost, rational developments, rational market participants are going to react in the right way. So, that to me is the most important thing, strong fundamentals and a very strong market structure. That's what we're striving to do.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, it's really hard to handicap the timing when it comes to FERC and when they're going to act. And so, I'm not going to venture into that. What I will tell you is just we have been very encouraged now for now a couple of orders on the position that FERC has taken in terms of protecting the integrity of competitive markets. If you go back to Mystic, the PJM and (00:46:10) capacity, I mean there has been a lot of consistency coming out of FERC. So, that's the data point that we have. Everything else we don't have the details, then it's a speculation. So, I don't think we will be venturing into something that we don't have enough information to even quantify. So, that's what I will say.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Angie, this is Mauricio. I mean, well, first, we launched the first 500 megawatts because we felt comfortable that the transactions had been announced and we were making good progress. And I was very pleased with how we performed on this first 500 megawatts. The second 500 megawatts is going to be launched when we – at close. We feel comfortable with that. And, as Kirk is saying, I mean, we have to balance when those (00:49:23) are coming in and the back-end loaded of our cash flows come in in Q3 and Q4. Particularly with the type of volatility that we're seeing in the market, it is important that we take extra precaution. And then once we do that, then on the third quarter call, what I said is any remaining capital that is available for allocation, we'll be providing that clarity. So, I think that's the sequence that you should be expecting, Angie.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. I mean, what I will tell you is that we actually, with the benefit of the pricing that we receive in the forward markets, we got ready, both on our generation and our retail business, to perform the way we have described we performed in July. I mean, aside from that information, I don't want to front run the earnings, the third quarter earnings where we're going to be talking specifically about the summer months. But I felt it was important that many of you are investors and wanted to know just what happened in this first month. And I think what I can tell you is that we're very pleased with the performance of the fleet. I'm very pleased with how our integrated platform performed as a whole, generation and retail in the first summer months. And that's – I mean, I think that's what I'm comfortable right now sharing with. I mean, like I said, we're just in the middle of the summer. I mean, the most volatile months are still ahead of us. Historically, August and September, that's where you see a lot of high – consecutive high temperature day. So, I want to make sure that the entire organization remains focused, and there's still a lot that can happen in the next two months. And I will be providing you an update on the third quarter call on what happened this summer. But so far, I feel very good.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. Well, Michael, thank you and – I mean, keep in mind that this is just the top line. This is revenue. This is not gross margin. So, you have – first, you have another leg. I mean, you have to take into consideration what happened on the fuel side, right? I mean – and we haven't provided that here. And then secondly, I mean, I think as we have said, I mean, this reflects the hedging that we did, the incremental hedging that we did on both natural gas equivalents and power. So, I don't think you should have – this is an indication, this is a direction, but it's not a one-to-one drops to the bottom line. I mean, there are other things that are not captured completely in that line.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. Well, I mean, with respect to retail, keep in mind that in 2019 and 2020, I mean, any price changes affect every single retailer. So, I think the dynamic that we have seen when prices increase and benefits wholesale generation and perhaps it put some pressure on retail, that doesn't happen in 2019 and 2020 because all retailers are exposed to the same price of electricity. So, I think that addresses your concern around retail. And then with respect to – that's why we provide the sensitivities. I mean, I think the sensitivities give you a sense on how our portfolio behaves depending on the different market conditions. And I would actually – I think that's perhaps a more comprehensive way to look at the – how our portfolio will or how the changes in the prices will impact our portfolio. So, I would direct you more to the sensitivities as opposed to this one line that is very specific on revenue.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, thank you. It was great talking to you and I look forward to continue our conversation in the third quarter call. Thank you, all.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Greg, it's Kirk. I actually gave you a little bit of that in my remarks. I anticipated that question. And what I'd said, just to repeat, is the performance year-to-date, combined with our current outlook for the balance of the year places us well above the midpoint of our current guidance range. So, (00:32:44).
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yeah. Steve, it's Kirk. First, overall the answer is yes. And the reason I say that is you can look no further to the fact that when we first established guidance for 2018, for example, that would be in the third quarter of the previous year, third quarter of 2017, generally speaking, our guidance is centered around the midpoint of our expectations, and those expectations are informed by what the summer prices are, in this case, in 2018 at that time. And, I think, since our pro forma view is all anchored on that 2018, the degree to which 2019 and 2020 summer prices today, for example, are higher than where 2018 summer was at the time we established our guidance, and I can tell you the answer to that question is yes and you can quantify it by looking back, that would give rise to the fact that all things being equal, that would give rise to an increase in that pro forma view since 2018 would be higher than it would 've been expected at that time. And as I said – I confirm that our expectations are well above the midpoint of our range currently for 2018.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, I'm not going to get specific about breaking beyond what our official guidance is, which is consolidated guidance. But if you take a step back, the big portion of the adjustment, if you will, to get to a pro forma view is a portfolio that consists of two things primarily. One being LaGen, which is kind of an integrated type of business, not to say it doesn't have upside and downside. And the bulk of what remains is Yield, which is largely contracted, relatively low volatility, right? And you can look at it because Yield provides point estimates on their own guidance, which is largely unchanged. So, I think you can infer from that, to a large degree, that outlook is anchored off of our expectations for the balance of the portfolio. But I wouldn't go so far as to give you specifics other than I think it's reasonable to infer on the basis of what I just described.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, everything you just described is correct. The one thing to keep in mind is outside of the asset sale proceeds, which we've given some indication about timing, our organic free cash flow generation is relatively backend loaded, right? We need to get through the summer in order to start to build that cash. So, as we come into the fall, our cash balances begin to appreciate. In the interim during the summer months, while still waiting on that cash, that also tends to be the more significant draw in liquidity, which we have ample supply of, but we have to be prepared that if we do see scarcity pricing events or the anticipation thereof in the forward market, that then entails a need for posting additional collateral. So, we have to balance the liquidity, the reality that the organic cash flow is backend-loaded, supplemented by the receipt of the asset sale proceeds which is obviously determined on closing. So, all of those factor into that timing in terms of the expectation in terms of launching Phase 2.
Chris Moser: Yeah. Good morning, Abe. This is Chris. Yeah. So, as we're looking at 2019 and 2020, obviously, we've got a view on where things should be compared to the clears that we're seeing. But make no mistake, as we did in 2019 and 2020 when prices get to be a good level and a good level above where it was 6, 8, 12 months ago, there's a certain amount of sense that comes from kind of sweeping some of that profit off the table and that's kind of the balance and the approach that we take.
Chris Moser: Yeah, Steve. If you look back in the Appendix, I don't – what is the page – page 21, you'll see the move there. We layered on a big chunk of natural gas equivalent hedges. Think of that as covering kind of the shoulder months and off-peak timeframe and the assets up in Chicago. And then you'll see that we did power hedging of 10% or 11% on an annual basis. But the hedge we're putting on were really more focused specifically in this summer.
Chris Moser: Yeah. I mean it was the mini part of the curve, right? It was the thick part of the curve that we were trying to sell and use the liquidity that was out there. I'm very happy with the hedge we put on for 2019 and 2020.
Chris Moser: Yeah. When I go back and if we look on the slide that Mauricio was talking about, I mean, load was about 500 megawatts – or just talking about the peak hour on the 19th there, load was around 500 megawatts higher or worse compared to the CERA expectation. You had generation around 1,000 megawatts better, which was just really flawless execution across the grid. And I'm happy to say we've put in some extra spring outages to be ready and that really paid off for us. We had fantastic performance from the operations group. So, anyway, so those two net out to be, give or take, 500 megawatts better than the CERA. And the CERA had around 1,000 megawatts of space in it. So, we really didn't get into the position where we needed a ton of other things to come to bear to save the market. I will say that the market – it was an interesting setup because Thursday wasn't supposed to be the high day. So, this is the 19th. It was supposed to be that following Monday, the 23rd, which was actually forecast at over 76,000 megawatts for the better part of that week. And so, I think a lot of the DR and whatnot was being prepared to be brought to bear on that Monday, and they may have missed the party a little bit because it turned out to be that Thursday was the high day.
