Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. The Wholesale component of our 2015 guidance is based upon the forward curves at this time in terms of what we see in our core markets, in particular, in the Northeast and Texas. If anything, I would say that the upper end of that guidance range, specifically on Wholesale, does incorporate, in a way of saying, the bandwidth of the range of guidance does incorporate some extrinsic value allowing for the possibility of volatility in the portfolio. But overall, our guidance range, especially towards the bottom end of the range is simply based on the forward curves and the implied gross margin that we see from those at this point.
Kirkland B. Andrews: To some degree, yes. But I think overall, the way you summarized at the outset of your question, interpreting the guidance is correct, and that is that the upside includes the contribution from Dominion, which, I think, as I said, on the second quarter call, while we didn't see a whole lot coming from Dominion as we transition the portfolio this year, we saw the upside and then that's reflected in the guidance range, slightly offset by some declines or contraction on the margin side, particularly on the C&I side where I think we've consistently said we don't see compelling margins in that particular business, which is why we're repositioning our approach to C&I more comprehensively as a bundled product offering, not off the back of strictly grid power. And we'll talk a little bit more about that in greater detail at the Investor Day that David alluded to earlier.
Kirkland B. Andrews: You can start telling me now. So first of all, from our perspective, as we alluded to, which is part of the reason why we've excluded the negative EBITDA moving forward in our guidance range, it doesn't -- that business, because of the high growth and because of the long-term cash flows, doesn't really lend itself to kind of traditional EBIT to EBITDA--type metrics. And for that reason, we've started to give you a little bit of sense of what the net capital from NRG that's slightly less than $150 million is the expectation off of that lease volume next year. And given we see a pretty robust return, as I alluded to, of greater than 8% off of that residual cash flow stream, I think the rest of the story, which we'll expand upon at the Investor Day, is translating that fully installed cost into a full monetization, if you will. So the way we think about it is monetizing our cost at a premium is the best way to translate value in the near term.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, as I said, we're going to use the NRG Yield revolver capacity to supplement the cash on hand as we move forward. And as you run the math on what I had laid out there, that's sort of, rough order of magnitude, roughly $200 million relative to a little over $400 million in capacity on the revolver. And as I characterized, that's a temporary draw, which we'd look to repay with the proceeds from financing. Given the fact right now, though, that I'm not going to be specifically predictive about exactly what form of financing we'd take, that'll depend upon the profile of the portfolio at that time. But right now, as we talked about before off the back of the Alta Wind transaction and putting in place the holdco unsecured debt, we are basically on par with our balance sheet targets there. So the extent to which we had capacity in those balance sheet targets, we'd supplement with debt. If not, we'd be biased towards the equity side and we'll make that determination next year.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure, Steve, it's Kirk. And I think that David's remarks about enabling us to sustain that double-digit growth into the next decade, we're clearly focused on that and we're optimistic about the potential contributions to enable that specifically from the projects that were announced around SCE. Although we're not at a point now that we're going to provide specific guidance in terms of what the CAFD and the economics. We're early days. Obviously, we have to go through the CPUC approval process and the like. But the guidance I give you, if you look at the megawatts of those different projects, with the exception for Preferred Resources, a little bit of a different profile there. But as far as the Mandalay and also the Carlsbad projects, roughly 265 megawatts and 600 megawatts, respectively, a good proxy for at least the EBITDA contributions of those is off the back of the existing projects that are down there where I think Marsh Landing, El Segundo, rough order of magnitude, kind of EBITDA per megawatt. Roughly kind of 15% of megawatts translates into EBITDA and that's probably a good proxy for how to think about the contributions from those plants.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Only as to say, as I've alluded to in the past, that we're focused on, as I said on this call also, monetizing the remainder of that capital and the residual cash flow stream after-tax equity. There are a number of different options available and we're evaluating all of those. But specifically for NRG Yield, we think the potential is very great for NRG Yield to play a part in that monetization, both from the standpoint of highlighting the value in the near term, as I alluded to before, and also given the return profile that the cash flows, the duration there, 20 years long-term contract, I think it has a lot of the elements that are very consistent with the NRG Yield portfolio. So I would say at this point it has high potential and more to come as we move into '15.
David W. Crane: Well, I'm going to ask Kelcy. I don't know how he's going to answer the question, but I would tell you, I mean, in any of these super high-growth industries, that Kelcy is in a better position to answer your question than I am. But even his answer is going to be a guess. But Kelcy, go ahead.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean, if anything, I would say, as optimistic as they are, they could be bigger. So anyway, it's obviously great. [indiscernible] It's just exceedingly high growth and what we're more focused on, as Kelcy is saying, is make sure that if the growth comes that we can accommodate it without any deterioration of service.
David W. Crane: Julien, the first thing I would tell you is that -- answering that single question more than any other reason is why we're having an Investor Day in January so that we can go through it because I'm not sure if it's susceptible to a 30-second answer but, Kirk, go ahead. Give it your best shot.
David W. Crane: Julien, if I could just add just one point. I mean, we see one of our big tasks for all of our investors and actually for our business over the next couple of years is to demonstrate what we think is this extraordinary potential synergy between what Kelcy and NRG Home Solar have to offer and what Elizabeth in NRG Retail have -- who to offer it to. So her 3 million customers with its increasingly cost-competitive and attractive idea that people can monetize the solar value of their real estate, we think that's a great combination. And how you all should be thinking about -- how you should be valuing it, that's part of the thing that we want to present to you in January. But we're also aware that we all live in the show-me state. We actually have to demonstrate to you that it actually can be done. So that's what we're really focused on in this area and that's why we've put them both together under NRG Home.
David W. Crane: Angie, I mean, the plants that aren't operating, I mean, some are mothballed, some go into full retirement. Once they go into full retirement, you can't bring them back. But I mean, I'd say, in general terms, obviously we're continuously looking at the circumstances that exist and if we can create value by bring plants back or bringing them back on a seasonal basis, we've been doing that in Texas for a few years. We'd do that in the Northeast to the extent that we can. I mean, to me, that is one of the premier competitive advantages we have on the Wholesale generation side. We have such a large and varied portfolio that we can find where the value is and get after it. So we'll be constantly looking at that.
David W. Crane: Well, that's sort of a loaded question. I come from the north side of Chicago where to be a Cubs fan makes being a Mets fan look like being an optimist. But I mean, look, I think Texas, I mean, you've sort of mentioned it. I mean I would say that the new build that we're talking about today at Robinson at $400 installed capacity. It's a brownfield site with equipment obtained in the secondary market. I mean, not too many people can do that. So I'm not sure that what we've seen is a huge flood of new supply unleashed yet, so we have reason to be optimistic in the short to medium term because Texas does grow. It usually is affected by extreme weather in the summer and occasionally in the winter. So I mean we like the Texas market. But you do point to the fact that it's hard to have a sustained advantage in the Texas market on the Wholesale side for years and years because the barriers to entry in terms of new build are low in Texas. And they've always been low. And that's where I think that the premiere advantage that we have over others is the combined wholesale retail model. Because when prices are subdued on the wholesale side, Elizabeth does well. So overall, it's a good market, but you're right, I mean, Texas will never be in a multi-year scarcity of generation situation because you can build quickly there.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Steven. And Shannon, I think we have to conclude here. And I appreciate everyone taking the time. And like I said, we'll follow up with whoever couldn't get on the call. So thank you, and we'll look forward to seeing you in January. Bye.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Julien, this is Mauricio. Look, I mean, as you appreciate the rules and the guidelines for the capacity performance continue to change, the first draft, as you know, was very prescriptive in terms of who qualify for that market. That have changed and that -- I guess that change we see that positively. The requirements are less. They focus on fuel certainty, and clearly, reliability will be part of the bidding cost for lack of a better term on the auctions. We provided an indication in terms of what could potentially qualify under this capacity performance on the table on the slide where we show by fuel mix, whether coal, nuclear and dual fuel and oil, I believe it's on Slide 11. But again, I mean, I think that's going to -- until we have the final rules, we'll have more certainty in terms of what can qualify and not. I think it's important to say that we are reviewing all the project that we announced in previous calls around GenOn and Edison Mission because of the capacity performance and the expectation of potentially much higher revenue stream from our capacity markets. So that process is underway right now. But until we have final rules, it's really difficult to pinpoint.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So Steve, I mean, 2 -- I guess 2 dimensions on that. First one is the field certainty. And if you look at the information that we provided on the table, most of our portfolio, as long as coal, nuclear or some sort of dual-fuel capability, we feel comfortable we're bidding those assets in the capacity performance. The second one is the penalties. And if there is one concern that we have on the existing rule is, I guess, the relative size of the penalty compared to the revenue and we've provided those comments to PJM. But ultimately, depending on the expectation of reliability of these assets, that will be priced into the bids that we're submitting to the auction. So to the extent that we have an asset that is unreliable, I think that's going to be factored in. And if the market doesn't need that asset, then it won't clear. I mean, I think it's as straightforward as that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie. Well, a couple of things. Number one, I don't think we need to wait until 2018 to see some of the impact on the capacity performance. As you know, there will be a transition period. Hard to think that the 15, 16, I think, is going to be more a target megawatts, always going to have some upside and then there's going to be some sort of pro rata for the 2 auctions that are already clear. So the impact is going to be felt before that. In terms of the size and the magnitude of that, I mean, it is really hard to pinpoint from this point, and yes, I mean, the rules continue to change. There was yesterday an open meeting with PJM in terms of getting comments back from stakeholders. Clearly, we think it's not a small change in our revenue expectation. I think it is rather large. So far, I guess, we have the quantity in terms of the number of assets that could potentially qualify under the capacity performance. We don't know the price. We don't know the bidding behavior. I already said that it is a significant change in terms of what are the items that can be now priced into your bids. And ultimately, I guess, the price will work itself out when we go through the auctions. But I think it's important to say that the impact is pretty significant for us. We think that our portfolio is well positioned. And when we get the right pricing, then we'll be in a better position to tell you that. Now keep in mind that this capacity performance also is going to attract new builds and it's just a -- I mean, at this point, we will be speculating on the absolute impact on our portfolio.
