Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to Slide 13, I want to provide you a few closing thoughts. During the quarter we made significant progress on our priorities of perfecting our platform, maintaining a sector appropriate capital structure and disciplined capital allocation.  Today, I'm pleased with the conclusion of our nearly four year chapter of strengthening our balance sheet. I want to thank Kirk and the entire team for their relentless discipline in getting us to a best-in-industry investment grade balance sheet.  The financial flexibility that we enjoy today enabled us to further perfect our platform for the recent acquisition of Stream Energy, pursue our capital-light PPA strategy, and take advantage of the current [dislocated] stock price through incremental share repurchases. NRG is clearly stronger than it has ever been. We now have the stability and financial flexibility to thrive and take advantage of opportunities through all market cycles.  So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Lateef, we're now ready to open the line for questions. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, first of all, I am very pleased with the execution of this capital-light strategy. Kudos to the origination team. As we’ve disclosed today, we closed on 1.3 gigawatts. That’s a good progress. But what I can tell you is that we continue to be in the market executing on additional volumes. Our goal is to complement the existing Generation portfolio that we have to better match our Retail load. So when you think about how much more you need to think about the Retail load as the guideline on how much we're going to complement more our Generation portfolio either through solar PPAs or other efficient ways of acquiring I guess length or Generation.  Now we respect to the solar, the second question that you had around the solar view, what we wanted to do is to illustrate, if we were to maintain a 10% to12% reserve margin which we think is the minimal to have reliable operations over the long-term, we wanted to put it in the context of how much solar you will need. And as you can see, it’s a pretty significant number over 17 gigawatts, including solar and wind. I can't tell you whether it’s going to be one or the other or if the pricing in those will change that will make thermal generation or conventional generation being built. What I can tell you is that ERCOT needs a lot of generation. It needs a lot of investment. And even the number that we’re providing you are only sufficient to maintain a -- the current load reserve margin that we have. I think that’s the main point that we were making. Obviously the implication of that is we expect the ERCOT market to continue to be robust over the foreseeable future, but more importantly to be pretty volatile. And we know that our business does well when we have both lot of volatility and perhaps less of other robustness because we have really reduced our exposure to market by balancing our Generation and Retail businesses.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, that’s a lot of questions in one question Julien so let me see if I can just touch that. The integrated model or our view on how we are positioning our company given the market trends that we’re all serving today, and I'm glad you’re asking that because I do believe that we actually have a very unique and differentiated platform. As I mentioned to you our goal is to better balance our generation in our retail businesses. I mean these are two complementary and counter-cyclical business. So to the extent that we match them better they may become even more complementary on a relative basis.  Now when I say better balance, it also brings other benefits. We can actually increase the matching internally between our Generation and Retail which maximizes the synergies that we have talked about now for 10 years, collateral synergies friction cost synergies. To the extent that we better match those two, we reduced our exposure to the market. I mean we will continue to interact with the market but we don’t necessarily have to if it’s perfectly matched, which makes our platform a lot more stable which is one of the goals that we’re trying to achieve with this new integrated platform, stable and predictable earnings.  If you look at the better balance, we have, as I said, more complementary and it’s important on a relative basis. So if you think about where we were let’s say five years ago when our Generation business was outsized from our Retail business, we actually got excess generation and that excess generation was exposed to wholesale power prices. Now we have reduced that significantly. I'm not saying that’s good or bad, all I'm saying is that that’s not the model that we’re pursuing. We’re pursuing a model that is a lot more balanced than it has ever been. Now from a dynamics standpoint, when you have a more integrated portfolio like we do in a rising commodity price environment, obviously our Generation margins will increase and our Retail margins will slightly decrease. And when the commodity prices are declining, the opposite happens. Our Generation margins decreased and our Retail margins increase. What I can tell you is that we actually have a lot more degrees of freedom in terms of how much of the wholesale price increases or decreases we can actually pass to our customers.  We know having been in the business now for over 10 years with empirical data that consumers, that the wholesale price is only one factor that consumers take into consideration but it is not the only factor. If that was the case, we would not have seen the growth that we have experienced in any of the premium brands that right now exists in the market. So I mean I hope that, that at least provides you a -- I guess perhaps a slightly different perspective on how I think about how we’re repositioning the company going forward. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, absolutely, I -- we have something on the priorities but I’m very comfortable hitting our cost savings targets by the end of the year, margins enhancement this year and next year. So everything is on track.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes I mean that’s exactly the goal of the strategy. I mean when we look at our total Generation portfolio our goal is to reduce as you said the cost of goods sold which now becomes our cost of Generation. And I will tell you that we have executed some of these PPAs at very attractive levels compared particularly to the market. I mean we are in the process right now of executing in the market and depending on the location because all of these PPAs are spread out depending on where we have the load. So they have very different pricing. Also the tenure is different. I mean on average it’s ten years but some of them are a little longer than that, some of them are little shorter than that. And the impact of these PPAs will come in full earnings some time in 2021. I can’t give you any more details in terms of where we have entered into these PPAs because obviously we’re still in the market. But what I can tell you just from a order of magnitude, so far we have reduced our -- basically our cost of goods sold which translates into EBITDA, let’s say about 2% of our EBITDA. So I mean that at least gives you some order of magnitude in terms of what to expect. And as you said as we lower our cost of production we have a lot more degrees of freedom in terms of the way we maintain the savings that we have or the cost comparisons that we have that we pass it to our customers to gain market share.  But then I mean it creates a lot more optionality for us. And just keep in mind that this notion that if wholesale prices will decrease they will decrease our margins, it assumes that we basically will do nothing. We’ll do nothing to change the cost structure and the repositioning of our company. And I have to remind everybody that starting in 2020 we have basically full financial flexibility. We don’t have to wait, one or two or three years.  Starting in -- even this year we have financial flexibility but it will -- so if you think about our stable platform this year we produced between $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, by the time 2021 we are all seen. I mean we're going to have over $2.5 billion that we can deploy to continue perfecting our platform. So I think it's important to put it in context the position that we have put ourselves in place. We are done with our deleveraging and our strengthening of our balance sheet program. And now we have this full financial flexibility to allocate into perfecting our model and returning capital to shareholders which I think is incredibly important as a stable cash flow business that we have. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie what I can tell you unequivocally is that we have created a platform that is sustainable and predictable. What mean sustainable and predictable is, year-in, year-out we're going to produce the excess cash that we produce today. Now we're going to have this incredible financial flexibility that we have afforded ourselves to have to increment that all. So the value proposition that we have today is to have a stable cash flow business that grows at a 2% to 4% a year with an investment grade balance sheet and significant excess cash to grow the business in an accretive way and to return capital -- meaningful capital to shareholders. We think that combination of those three things will eventually change and we raise the valuation of stock which if I’m not mistaken right now is somewhere in the mid-teens to high-teens free cash flow yield. We don’t believe that business that I describe to you today should be there. And if it gets re-rated closer to where we think should be, then our stock price will be much, much higher than it is today. Obviously, we also appreciate that this is the first year that we are showing the benefits of this platform. 2018 was a good test, we had a very volatile summer. 2019 is very important because it continues to demonstrate that our platform performs and there are a lot of different pricing scenarios. So now it is up to all that, if this continues to happen and we’ve taken care of our balance sheet and we can demonstrate that to our shareholders and to rating agencies then we're on the path to re-rate the stock. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, well, when you think about capital allocation because I mean that’s really -- I think your question Shahriar how we think about capital allocation going forward and what I will tell you is that we have no changes neither on our philosophy on the principal that we have provided to all of you. I think the only thing that has changed is the fact that we have completed one of our priorities which is achieve an investment grade balance sheet. That’s basically not out of the way. What that means is that we have all the excess cash that we will generate it will be to perfect our model or return capital to shareholders. Like I said Shahriar, I do believe that a business that is stable and growing a lot of excess cash needs to provide -- needs to return a meaningful part of that to the shareholders. Today that’s one of the most efficient ways to do is through share buybacks. I think we speak 250 million incremental share buyback that we announced today, to take advantage of what I believe is an undervaluation of our stock without any changes to the fundamental drivers -- value drivers of our business. Now as we go into 2020, obviously, we're going to evaluate all the other different options, I don’t know what the market is going to -- where it’s going to be at the end of the year, I’m going to evaluate all that. What I will tell you is that our goal is to re-rate the stock to its fundamental value and we're going to evaluate all options that we have available to us to ensure that we do that. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean I don’t comment on M&A either specific processes or anything. What I will tell you is that, when I think about inorganic growth I will always adhere to the capital allocation principle that we have outlined for all of you. We have to meet the threshold -- the financial threshold that we have and they have to be a better investment than investing in our own stock. I have said before that while we have rebalanced our portfolio pretty good the past couple of years, we can still perfect that platform. In Texas our Retail is a little bit bigger than our Generation and in the East our Generation than bigger than our Retail.  So we're executing on our capital-light strategy in Texas to rebalance our portfolio. We acquired Stream to rebalance our Retail and we're going to continue to look at all the opportunities. I mean that is the -- I guess the benefit that we have afforded ourselves with the financial flexibility that we have today. We can be opportunistic about when to do it. But obviously where the stock price is today, the bar is a little bit higher than it was not too long ago when our stock price was started to reflect the fundamental value of our business. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes I think the way you need to think about ERCOT is an integrated model. So while we only give you one side of leg, the Generation, we haven’t provided you the Retail sensitivity to it. And to be candid, I mean that’s being up -- is on -- is up to us to improve our disclosures.  What I think about our business? I don’t think about it as two completely separate businesses, one Generation, one Retail. Our disclosures have been really good on Generation. I think where we need to do our better job is to enhance our disclosures to capture the integration of our business because when I think about how do we manage our business, I think about it as an integrated business where the gross margin, the combined gross margin is what matters. I care less about where it comes from, whether it’s Generation or Retail, I care about delivering the total gross margin year-in and year-out.  I mean various other puts and takes. I mean in the Northeast you have capacity a little bit lower and -- but that’s being offset by margin enhancement and then we have the impact of Stream. I mean my point here is, you cannot look at our business just on a static basis, with the amount of the financial flexibility we have to improve it. It’s like saying that we’re not going to do anything but we have all this excess cash available to deploy in the most meaningful way that creates value for our shareholders.  So yes, I'm very comfortable with our platform in 2020 and beyond. And as I said our goal is to provide stable earnings, stable excess cash with a modest growth. That’s our goal. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean right now our focus is on executing that strategy that we have. As I already mentioned to you Praful I mean we believe that this is a very compelling value proposition. I also recognize that this is a new business model for the competitive power sector. I rather no longer refer us as IPP but as an IPC we're truly now an integrated power company. And so to the extent that we continue to demonstrate the viability and the stability of this platform, not just to our shareholders but also to rating agencies. I think that there is an opportunity to re-rate the stock. But obviously if that doesn’t happen, once we feel that we kind of exhausted all our efforts to demonstrate the stability of our business, then we will explore all options to maximize the value of our shareholders. So I mean that’s something we just have to do. But I don’t think that time yet, I mean we only have provided -- we’ve proven this technology for two years, 2018 very successfully, 2019 we're on track to deliver very successfully. So recognizing that I think we need to give ourselves some time and we need to give our shareholders and the rating agencies some time to digest this strategic shift. And when we feel that we have given enough time and the market is not responding which I’m still hopeful that it will and I’m convinced that it will because we have a very strong value proposition, then we will evaluate something else. But right now all our focus, a 100% our focus is on executing this strategy. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Well it was as always good to give you an update. Thank you for the questions and for your interest in NRG and look forward to talking to you in the near future. Thanks. 
Kirk Andrews: Greg, it’s Kirk. That’s correct. I mean typically speaking we're in the sort of middle of our collateral or liquidity intensive period. There is always the cases we come through the summer and enter into the fall that’s when we tend to get that collateral back from those postings or hedgings that are more acute in summer and obviously moving, so the power price effect that. So short answer is yes. And the only other change to it that in know of because obviously we adjusted the interest payments a little down to reflect partially -- or impact some of the refinancing we did and we have a slight uptick in not really working capital but changes in other assets and liabilities over the course of the year, some of that has to do with the asbestos settlement. So that’s the other reason for a little bit of the changes between the lines EBITDA and adjusted cash from operations. But obviously we don’t expect that to have an impact on the bottom-line on free cash flow before growth and we do expect the collateral to return and we're in line with our year’s expectations on cash flow.
Kirk Andrews: It’s Kirk. I think as Mauricio said we will update our plans for our excess capital for you on the third quarter to answer your questions. Yes, as to the 124 million that is the maximum amount that is not necessarily the expectation, it is dependent on the finalization of that calculation but as I indicated once that calculation is made and that payment amount is set which we do expect to happen in the third quarter, the obligation falls away. The one time test is a one-time guarantee and any remaining that is not recourse to NRG. So in short what I would say is we expect to make a payment, which I’d tell you exactly what that payment is except to say it is absolutely limited to the amount of our guarantee which is that $124 million. 
Kirk Andrews: It’s Kirk, no, the two remains are legacies. In addition Agua Caliente that we have obviously minority stake with remainder being owned by clearly formerly yield and the balance with Midwest Generation. That debt is non-recourse top NRG so there are no financial guarantees. This Petra Nova leverage test is a product that’s unique if go through Petra Nova. 
Kirk Andrews: Shahriar, I’d answer the last part of your question, I think that’s probably the realistic case. Back half of 2020 is probably the early timeline in fact of when we would expect that movement to make. Obviously on an unsecured basis we’re two notches away from the minimum threshold of the investment grade that being triple B minus, that’s not say that’s our aspiration that’s sort of the inflection point between sub-investment grade and investment grade. But I think on that timeline is probably reasonable. Certainly between now and then we need to see at least one notch uptick could be at least then one notch away. And I think in much the same way is that although we’re more frustrated with the reaction in stock pricing, we’ve obviously got to demonstrate that to our equity investors. The mandate still holds on the other side of the equation with the rating agencies. I think delivering the numbers that we’ve now reaffirmed for this year which confirms that notwithstanding the sell off that probably represents some of the prices that happens our ability to do so, we are able to do so. So delivering on that this year continuing to execute.  And the background as I’ve mentioned you this before we’ve been very pleased with the level of dialogue with rating agencies. I think they’ve dug in to understand to their credit Retail business in particular a lot more. So I think the progression of the dialogue and their perspectives on Retail and understanding how we operate the model and how Retail truly operates in tandem with Generation has been constructive and productive.  And it’s up to us to continue to execute which we have confidence to do so. But it will take probably that amount of time in order to get those two notches behind us on our way to the base. 
