David Crane: Thank you, Kirk. Shannon, I don’t have any closing remarks because we want to make sure we have about 15 minutes for questions. So please if you could open the lines we would be happy to take everyone's questions.
David Crane: Well, I am going to turn that to Kirk to answer or not answer the question as he sees fit. But Julien what I would tell you from my perspective is that, to your question, number one, it's actually a pretty good time right now to be a buyer in the market. I mean we see sort of opportunities to create value. I guess someone who did three acquisitions in the first quarter would say this, but we do see opportunities across our space. What I would say though is, to the extent that you know for a long time on the generation side we wanted to have a bigger and better core generation fleet in PJM and that was a big, strategic priority. But what I would say right now is, well, again to the point both on the generation side and on the retail side, where we have all the capabilities we need, we are in all the places where we need to be. And so it's a question of executing with what we have. And so I would say as a general rule, my view towards acquisitions right now is pretty opportunistic. If we can see something at a price that really makes sense, we will add to what we have. But we are really -- we are again at a point where we have a very limited number of gaps that we see to fill in terms of the capabilities we need to have. And even the gaps that we continue to perceive, which I am not going to tell you what they are because we don’t want people to see us coming. The amount of money that it would take us to fill those gaps from outside acquisition is not a huge number compared to the amount of cash that Kirk has amassed over there. So with that sort of set up, let me turn it over to Krik.
David Crane: Julien, I don’t want to give a wrong -- could you say the question -- where are we most constructive on the...
David Crane: Well, you know everything -- it's like going to a movie Julien. Everything sort of relative to your perception is going in. I mean we went to great pains when we bought the Edison Mission portfolio to say, don’t confuse this with us being bullish on the situation in the Midwest on the wholesale side. But as Mauricio said in his comments, there are signs of life in the COMED market. But I have to tell you, if you are just looking across our portfolio, clearly the east has been a pleasant surprise for us since the GenOn acquisition. But in terms of just basic fundamentals that you can sort of look at and reach out and feel and touch, we remain bullish on Texas. I mean the demand growth in Texas on a weather-adjusted basis was enormous. While it was 3% -- I mean 11% in non-weather adjusted, 3% weather adjusted. You know announcements like -- I was out in California last week on the day that Toyota announced that they were moving 5000 - you know they had 5000 people employed in North America and they are picking up shop, closing shop in California and moving to Texas, so if you look at fundamentals I would say that the part of the country we are most bullish on remains Texas.
David Crane: Well, Jon, one, I don’t want to be totally specific but the second thing is -- well, let me just tell you the way we are thinking about it. And some of this is anticipatory in terms of where we see the price going you know in terms of the expansion to the, sort of legendary price competitive with the retail price electricity in 20 to 25 states. The way I sort of think about it, by the end of this year we want to be in a position to compete in all the states where it makes sense for people to put residential solar on the roof. With all the tools that we need to sort of create value and bring the value to us. I mean one of the problems in the residential solar space for the last few years is, there is always some place in the value chain where value is being created but it's usually being created somewhere else. So for a while it was the installers that were sort of capturing the benefit of solar module prices dropping like a stone and all that. And so we wanted a platform where the value that exists in the value chain sort of comes to us not to somebody else that we than enable. So we want to have our capabilities in place, totally in place in all the markets we want to be in by the end of the year. And then in 2015 we want to execute and we want to be a market leader. And whatever lead in the market is and in the industry that’s facing exponential growth, I would rather not put a number on it other than to say, if you think of at least 2 million American homes that economically should have solar on their roof by 2015 and the current market leader Solar City is doing 30,000 a year, I don’t need to take business away from Solar City to see that there is a market opportunity that’s just almost infinite in its potential.
David Crane: Yes, I mean Steven, I got to tell you, it doesn’t matter what market you are in, even in Texas. I mean we are acquiring assets at deep discount to replacement costs. And so as prices get better we obviously have an opportunity to earn back the money we put in but we are not seeing things approach, pricing approach new entrant pricing. So how people are doing Greenfield in the merchant market, it's baffling to us.
David Crane: Well, we remain optimistic but there is not really any specific update. But certainly I would hope to have one by the next quarterly call.
David Crane: Well, I am not sure if this answers the question but I mean we are, in terms of the conventional system and the generation assets, I think we have to keep in mind that the average age of an NRG coal plant is 41 years old. So when we think of the long-term strategy of the company, it's not built around 41 year old assets but those 41 year old assets are very critical to the short to medium term and to keeping the lights on this year and next year. So I mean our environmental strategy is geared towards the amount of time that we expect the assets to continue to perform their functions. So with expect to the specific rules, we think we have a good -- you know we are not spending and insubstantial amount of money. And so we are complying with the various environmental laws that seemingly come and go. But we are also not investing in stuff thinking that these plants are going to be there 40 years from now. So guess I am not sure if there is something more specific about that that you would like me to focus on.
David Crane: Well, I mean since we are in pretty good compliance position with the new rules, to be Machiavellian about it, the new rules drive other peoples plans out of the market than that will be beneficial to us. What I would say is one of the big lessons for us and hopefully for the public policy makers and I try to make this point in the context of Illinois is that, we have always made a virtue of being multi-fuel. The conventional system is clearly trending to an all gas all the time system. And the gas, now it's simply not prepared for that to happen. And so to us there is tremendous value in not only having gas plants but having coal plants continue and nuclear and even our oil plants. I mean we ran our oil plants more this last winter than I think in the last several years cumulative. And so the first and foremost, no matter how much we focus on sustainability and being green and all, the focus of a power company is always on keeping the lights on. And to me having a multi-fuel fleet of generation is the way to do that. So we certainly are going to try and do that but you can't keep plants open if they are just losing money, hand over fist. And you don’t want to invest hundreds and millions of dollars in an asset that has left couple of years of life. And so that’s the reality that we juggle everyday at this company. And I think every other power company does as well. Anyway, I am sorry but I think we got to go. We are a few minutes late for our shareholders meeting. So thank you all very much and if there are any questions that we could not answer, my friend Chad here is sitting next to me, he would be happy to answer to questions at length. So thank you very much.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Jon. So I think I referred to it on my script but the move in power is actually, I would say there are two points. The first one is on the back of natural gas. And as you have seen natural gas has gone through a pretty significant rally and given the storage levels where we are, we think that if we get some early heat, we will see probably another leg off on natural gas. So that’s the first driver of power prices. And as you can appreciate that has helped significantly dark spread or base load generators like us. The second one which is probably a little bit more recent is an expansion in heat rates. And we saw that right after the CSAPR announcement. So I think markets are realizing that there may be more scarcity and better fundamentals shorter than what they believed in the past. But that clearly benefits some of the spark spread price. Those are two very discrete, I guess drivers that we have seen in the power space. With respect to liquidity, I will tell you that liquidity is probably the worse I have seen in many, many years. The balance of 2014 remains probably the best market and I think the prices, the market prices reflect to some extent decent volume. But beyond 2014 I would caution about the pricing that we are seeing because I think they are affected by liquidity.
Mauricio Gutierrez: In the out years, yes, but in the front years I think the volume has been relatively decent. Having said that, the move that you have seen are supported by the fundamentals.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, well, you know PRB in shorter term has been oscillating close the marginal cost of production. Historically there's been a [contango] (ph), though that has been tempered over the past 12-months. So as gas prices go up and certainly the announcement of CSAPR, you know lower sulfur coal becomes more desirable for generators. We are evaluating our hedge profile. As I said, we wanted to take care of 2014 given the increase in gas prices. We are now in the process of assessing 15 and beyond. We like the position that we are in. We have constructive gas fundamentals I already explained. So at the end of the day we are more concerned about the dark spread and less concerned about the absolute price of each of the commodities. With respect to the railroad I think it is fair to say that we have, given the size and the scale of our portfolio, we were able to identify these potential risks in terms of deliveries. Regarding front of it, we have very constructive dialog with the railroads and we were able to bring our units at inventory levels that we feel are adequate as we go into the summer. I mean I cannot give you any more specifics. We have in the past disclosed inventory levels on a unit by unit basis and we are not going to do that given the competitive nature of it. But I think it's fair to say that we feel comfortable as we approaching the summer months.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I think it's more on the generation side than the load. The load hasn’t been particularly impressive in the Midwest and to the extent in the Northeast. We think that given some of the economic challenges and the higher penetration of wind and negative pricing, we believe that there is probably -- we are entering a transition period where additional retirements from base load resources that can cycle will happen particularly on units that are marginal, small with high fixed costs with little flexibility. So I think the market is starting to recognize that and you can clearly see it on the heat rate expansion. And I put the chart on the historical pricing and the forward pricing on COMED and I think it clearly has a awkward momentum to it. Now keep in mind the other one is, as I already said a couple of times, natural gas is right behind the price of power sold. So that perhaps is also something to look at.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Steve. What I can tell you is that we have a had a very constructive dialog with MDE. We are taking that into consideration with the plans that we have around our Maryland units and I think that’s pretty much about as much as we can say around the state of the Maryland units. But I can assure you that it's been a very positive dialog between the two of us as of late.
