Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. And we have taken a lot of time this morning. So, let me just end with our priorities for 2016 on slide 20. We have the right portfolio and the right platform to succeed in this environment. And with the further strengthening of our balance sheet, we will be in a great position to seize opportunities during this challenging market and greatly benefit to when it turns around. I look forward to the next phase of NRG. Thank you. And operator, let’s open the lines now for Q&A.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. Good morning, Greg. And no, the objective here is to make it a recurring $150 million cost reduction that will impact EBITDA directly.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Greg. And I understand that that was the first news. And the timing with the New England capacity auction is something that I don’t control. Let me just start by providing you kind of the general -- my general take on capital allocation and then I’ll go into the specifics of Canal. As you can see from all the actions that we’re taking today, one of my key priorities, the first 90 days of being the CEO, was to focus on capital allocation, first being mindful and aware of the current commodity cycle that we are today and then second the dislocation that we have in our capital markets. It was important to me to afford us the maximum flexibility when deploying capital and to exert absolute financial discipline. I already talked about the actions that we’re taking, one on deleveraging and strengthening our balance sheet, and ensuring that we go through this cycle with the strong position to capitalize on opportunities, but importantly that we’re ready when the market turns around; two, the recalibration of the dividend; and then three, is the focus on cost savings and streamlining the cost structure on the organization. So, when I think about to Canal, it is not a capital allocation decision for 2016, it’s a capital allocation decision that we will make in 2018 and at that point, we will evaluate the current environment. And on that perspective then, we’ll make the determination what is the best use of our capital. But I want to make sure that we continue to generating low cost options at good returns, given the opportunity that we have to lock for seven years a very constructive capacity prices. And as I told you in the prepared remarks, in our focus in the Northeast and particularly in New England is focus on capacity revenues. And now is a dual fuel peaker that is needed in that market at good returns and it’s a capital allocation decision that we will make not today, where we are focusing all our attention on strengthening the balance sheet but in two years.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Julien. So first of all, I -- we are actually in the last year of what I consider a high water mark with respect to reinvesting in our portfolio. After acquiring GenOn and EME, we increased our portfolio significantly to close to 50,000 megawatts. We went through a process where we optimized that portfolio through fuel conversions and environmental retrofit. So, as you know, we have been executing that plan and this year is the last year of that. What I expect in the next couple of years is really to harvest on that investment. All the market dynamics that we were expecting when we made those investments are playing out, particularly around reliability and capacity for all three Northeast markets, whether it’s PJM for capacity performance New England and New York. We are moving forward that; we saw that during the polar vortex, we acted upon. And it’s playing out the way we thought it was going to play out. Now, with respect to other parts of the country, you know that I will expect absolute financial discipline when it comes to the profitability of our assets. If it’s not economically viable, we will shut them down, just like we have done in the past and just like we are doing today, in New York. If the market conditions don’t support our generation portfolio, we will take action on it. But we need to also take into consideration, not only the current state of the commodity cycle but also the prospective opportunities that we see.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, Jonathan, I mean first of all, the actions that we are taking on the dividend are -- I guess there are two main reasons. One, I think this level is consistent with the nature of power industry, capital intensive and cyclical. But certainly, when I look at the current dividend that we have and the underlying premises or principles that we used to implement it in 2012, a lot of them are not valid anymore. If you recall, when we announced the dividend back then, it was to highlight the value of contracted assets. Since then, we created NRG Yield; we already talk about -- one of the objectives was the yield support. And in this current market environment and with the level of volatility that we’re seeing in the stocks, it really doesn’t accomplish that objective. So, when I put the two together, one the nature of our industry and two, some of the principles that we had when we initiated, it’s just inconsistent. I think what you should expect is this number is the right number today and it afford us the maximum flexibility for capital deployment and capital allocation. And that is my assessment right now on the dividend.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, I think with respect to the streamlining the organization, we started the end of last year. We went through significant efforts to reduce the cost structure. And over the past three months, I have continued with that effort on rationalizing and focusing the organization into our core strengths and as I articulated already in my remarks, focusing on what I think is the core value of energy, which is putting together generation and retail and the plus points around it. So, I am very comfortable today with the management team that I have. This is an area that I am going to continue evaluating in the weeks to come. And I think you should expect from me additional announcements, as I go to even further in line of our businesses, particularly as we go through the outcome of the GreenCo process.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Good morning, Michael. And let me just handle it to Kirk to answer the first part of the GenOn question, and I’ll take the next.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Michael, with respect to your second part of the question, what I will say is that we’re going to continue developing options to grow the portfolio. When we have long-term contracts, we’re going to do it in close partnership with NRG Yield to continue replenishing capital; when it doesn’t have the profile to be able to be dropdown, that’s not a capital decision -- capital allocation decision that we need to make today. And we’re going to evaluate it when we have to actually deploy that capital. But I think it is important to continue to generate these projects in the context of growing our portfolio at good economics.
Mauricio Gutierrez: That’s a great question, Michael. And so, let me give you my perspective on it. The current market in Taxes has been very disappointed, despite what I consider is still pretty strong fundamentals, strong demand and a pricing that doesn’t incentivize new build economics, even though we have seen something, what I can say that out of not economical engine. When I look at our portfolio, particularly Parish and Limestone for and STP, they are very large in scale; they are environmentally controlled; and I would say that they are probably one of the most cost advantage based load plants or coal and nuclear plants in the state. We have identified what we believe is the least competitive assets in the supply stack when it comes to coal. And we believe that if the market continues to be at these levels, it will not be possible to sustain the operation of some of these assets. So that’s why I think there is going to be a supply rationalization in the immediate term and we should see a recalibration of the market. I feel comfortable right now with the three of our base load plants. But I think we have a pretty good track record in terms of if and when these plants are not economic and the prospects of these plants are not positive, we will act upon. And we have done that in other regions and there is no reason why we’d do it in Texas. But right now still not the time and I think the supply stack will react before we get to that point.
Mauricio Gutierrez: It is -- Steve -- and I’ll let Kirk give you specific details, but this is above the cash reserve that we have for both NRG and GenOn.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Steve. Well, I mean I’ll answer it from the NRG standpoint, and we are going to have the NRG Yield call in about 30 minutes. So, let me just say that the relationship between NRG and NRG Yield is there is a lot of synergies and it’s a symbiotic relationship. It’s of great importance for NRG. This is a way for us to access low cost of capital to replenish our capital, particularly on the development front in this type of commodity cycle. We need to have a good development platform for NRG Yield to have clear line of sight in terms of the growth and the potential dropdown that we have. That will benefit energy yield and a healthy NRG Yield is good for NRG in terms of our ability to stay competitive in developing new sites. So, that’s kind of my take on it. And I want to be very careful that I give you the answer from kind of the NRG perspective. And we can go into more detail when we go through the NRG Yield call.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. And I recognize that you may have a lot more questions. We will get to them, and Kevin and the IR team will be available for any follow-ups. But unfortunately, we have a hard stop; we have to get NRG Yield call ongoing. So, thank you. And I look forward to continue this conversation. Thank you, operator.
