David Crane: Thank you Kirk. Let me close by turning to slide 21. Every year on this call I set forth my overarching goals across the enterprise so that you can follow our progress during the year. Given the reorientation of NRG into the NRG Group of companies, this year I’m providing our key goals, or summarizing our key goals in the context of each of our businesses. Now in the sphere of my opening remarks because we have taken up a lot of your time already, I will spear you from going through each of these sets of goals, but I will leave with the following. We remain steadfast as in orientation delivering on our commitments and while there are many goals on this page, we hope in excess effect that by the end of the year many of the newer initiatives that we have been nurturing and growing over the past few years will reach a size in the level of momentum where they will start to have a meaningful positive value impact on the overall NRG group alongside the intrinsic value of our almost 50,000 megawatts of conventional generation and our nearly 3 million retail customers. And with that, Kevin, we are happy to take questions.
David Crane: May or may not be happening, but having said that I won’t comment on it – I don’t think that that’s the right premise in terms of any specific thing. This recapitalization is just forward-looking looking at how suboptimal it is to use high cost NRG equity capital in NRG Yield, but we are trying to maintain alignment on the control side. I would say though while you’re not going to wake up tomorrow and read about some massive NRG Yield acquisition, it is a target rich environment for NRG Yield, small, medium, large, there is a lot of things knocking about. So we are active in that market, but this was not driven by any specific transaction that may or may not happen.
David Crane: Hey, Paul, can I just add something more general to what Kirk saying because this question of IDR, while Kirk just tried to explain the IDR is about 16 times and I am just mentally and capable of understanding. But I would tell you in general terms when it comes to yield curves, we monitor closely all the activity in the general yield coal market. And it seems to me and you probably could tell me, you can certainly tell me better if this is true or not that the market is now to the point where as oppose to buying every yield curve that comes out, they are starting to differentiate between quality yield curves and lesser quality. And we are committed at NRG that NRG Yield is going to be a top quality yield curve. So on every basic metric that the yield community is looking at, we want ours to be in the top tier and so we are constantly following the situation, that’s goal and we’re going to stick to it.
David Crane: Thanks, Steve. And Kevin, we want to end really at 10 o'clock as we have a 10:30 NRG Yield call, and we got some things to do in the meantime. So we will take two more questions please.
David Crane: So, Kevin, I think we are reaching the top of the hour. So I just want to thank everyone for participating in the call and for those who are going to participate in the NRG Yield call at 10:30, I am not sure there will be all that much more new information there, but at least you will get to see us wearing our NRG Yield hats if you choose to join. And thank you very much and we’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Kirkland Andrews: Sure. Angie the first part of your question as I think you know largely due to the successful equity issuance to fund the Alta Wind acquisition that being a third party acquisition, our current ownership stake in NRG Yield was about 55% and while we recognized the possibility at the offset that when we dropped down assets in the NRG Yield we may take some portion of that consideration in kind, it is a different proposition entirely to consider the possibility of incremental cash investment in NRG Yield to help support that ownership relationship. What I mean by that is if you extrapolate it forward on a potential third party acquisition the size of the Alta Wind for example, in order for NRG to remain - to maintain its 50% plus ownership that would require NRG to actually allocate capital and invest in Yield equity, effectively investing in those types of projects over the long run and while certainly those projects are financially compelling. It was a very motivation behind the creation of NRG Yield to separate those kind of investments so that they reside in a vehicle that’s properly positioned for that kind of risk in a return profile. So - because those assets are high EBITDA multiple that would be tandem out to NRG investing capital or allocating capital towards a high EBITDA multiple. This allows us to allocate that capital appropriately towards the types of investments conventional in the life and towards some of the growth initiatives at NRG that are more appropriately our core focus. I think on the second part of your question although I think we’ve outlined the structure within the relationship between NRG and NRG Yield the important distinction here is we plan of tax equity financings, primarily the tax attributes from residential solar leases as they drop down to NRG Yield.  NRG Yield’s participation in that is actually investing in the residual equity after tax equity. So, NRG Yield is not providing tax equity and using tax equity allows us to manage effectively the duration of that tax holiday or that tax run way if you will. We have the flexibility from time to time to drop down assets without tax attributes giving NRG Yield the ability to augment its tax yielding ability, but I think given the nature of the broader portfolio we use tax equity to out manage that.
Kirkland Andrews: Sure. Greg, its Kirk. And I am just referring you back to some of my remarks at the Investor Day presentation where we went through recasting the components of those segments. We’ve recast the segments on a historic basis in 2014 to reflect Home Retail as oppose to what we used to call for Retail. That segment that was Retail that was comprised of our guidance contain about $50 million of EBITDA from the C&I business. That $50 million, that portion of our performance, is now reflected in the business segments. So that $604 million you see from Retail in 2014 is simply the mass retail component of that. And yes, the $65 million in negative EBITDA contribution from Home Solar is slightly ahead of what we expected, but that was due to some advanced investments in cost initiatives and marketing like as we position ourselves continually to realize that significant growth objective in 2015.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. Our free cash flow before growth in 2014 of $951, obviously that’s within the range of guidance we provided obviously towards the lower end of that range. That’s primarily due to the fact that despite when we guided in the third quarter in anticipation of potential colder weather learning from the lessons and the success we had of the polar vortex. We chose to make some additional investments in a be prepared strategy specifically in our fuel inventory going into 2015 actually around oil in anticipation of potential colder weather, and that’s primarily the reason why the free cash flow before growth for 2014 although within our range was trending toward the lower end.
Kirkland Andrews: Well, I think in terms of the other structures that are out there, I think we feel comfortable with the incremental impact on the governance perspective that’s quite in line with the governance provisions contained in some of the yield curves that followed. But as I’ve said a number of times, our primary goal is to ensure that NRG Yield has a maximum competitive advantage and low cost of capital. And from our perspective, the best means to do is for NRG Yield to realize the maximum incremental potential CAFD without the drag if you will of an IDR. The other element of that is that the NRG level because the IDR would basically be cash flow or EBITDA back to NRG which obviously goes back to an entity with a lower EBITDA multiple, we wanted to maximize that portion of the cash flows that was associated with those contracted plans to ensure that it traded at the higher valuation. And we think the absence of an IDR addresses that issue as well as the fact it ensures the NRG Yield can be more competitive and we will have a competitive advantage from a realization of accretion relative to some of the other competitors out there whose IDRs can deter or detract from the accretion when we compete for assets and third party market.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, Steve. You can infer which I’ll confirm right now by reaffirming our guidance that we also did on the Investor Day that, yes, our expectations are still consistent with that upper quartile.
Kirkland Andrews: Oh sure, yes. Because this structure is really a structure that impacts economics and not vote and it is vote that is the determinant of consolidation from a GAAP perspective, we will continue to consolidate NRG Yield going forward.
Kirkland Andrews: Addressing that reverse order, yes, that is what the expectation is, is that our ownership stake will reduce overtime as NRG Yield issues equity, not as NRG sells down equity. The latter of those two is not our intention, however just to be clear the structure affords us the ability to do so. We have to convert the units that we own into shares but that is not our intention at this time moving forward.
Kirkland Andrews: Sure, Gregg. It’s Kirk. We haven’t yet provided the capital cost of that. The best thing that I can give you is that, the Carlsbad project is a little over 600 megawatts in total size for that. And the one thing I can say is that and I provided guidance similar to this when folks have asked us about some of the conventional plants that were in the ROFO portfolio and how to think about things like CAFD. And certainly we expect the project to finance that using a construction facility in permanent amortizing loan in similar fashion we’ve done in the past. My expectation is that the cash available for distribution or the equity cash flows coming off of that project will be similar on average cash flow per megawatt basis. And to give you a sense if you look back and I’ve made these remarks before in addressing this question with respect to the assets that are in NRG Yield today, that range on our equity cash flow or CAFD per megawatt basis is in the $35 to $45 kw range.
