Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Bruce. I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today’s presentation on slide 17. As you can see, we have made significant progress across all of our key priorities and are also ahead of the five-year plan we provided to you during our Investor Day. I want to take a moment to thank all my colleagues at NRG for keeping focused on execution and for their hard work in achieving these results. We have the right strategy and the right team to deliver exceptional value today and well into the future. So, with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Darren, we are now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So, Shar, I mean, this is really just a reflection of the improvements we have done in the business and I see them as durable sustainable for the foreseeable future.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well, as you know, Shar. We actually improve our diversified supply strategy. Some of it will be through own generation, some moving into rent and to complement with market purchases. So the team is constantly looking at the economics between buying from the market, renting or buying assets from other and creating options internally to develop those facilities either as brownfield development. So we are looking at all of it. We are evaluating the economics. At the end of the day, we are balancing operational risk, market risk, counterparty risk, that criteria permeates the evaluation that we are doing on all of these options. We are still awaiting to see changes in market design and other improvements to incentivize dispatchable generation. That also is going to shape the decisions that we are going to make. So as you can tell, this is not just a linear and a myopic view on assets to be bought in the market and development, we really also need to see what incentives are available given the changes in the regulatory construct in ERCOT. So I have said before that towards, I would say, the end of the year, we are going to have more visibility on those changes in ERCOT that is going to inform the next steps we are going to take.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. As we mentioned, we are going to do the ASR imminently, that means as soon as possible. And what I will characterize the execution of that ASR, we are going to do it as fast and as efficient as we can. So I think that’s the spirit and the intent launching this ASR as soon as possible.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, well, the first thing that I will say is that, this opportunity is not included in the investor -- in the plan that we provided at Investor Day. The second thing I will say is, just given the focus and the availability of technologies today, we are accelerating the scale-up of this opportunity. I initially thought that this was going to be a five-plus year opportunity. What we are experiencing is that this is going to be able to be implemented and scaled up faster than that. I would say it’s probably a three-plus year. And I provided some initial numbers that I think are very realistic on what we can accomplish. So if you look at a 1 gigawatt VI [ph] position in Texas this past summer, it represented close to $200 million of gross margin. And 1 gigawatt for our portfolio is basically less than 10% of the load -- of the peak load that we currently serve. So it’s very achievable and that gives you just some indication that you are not talking here about a small opportunity, you are talking here about a very large opportunity. The other thing that I will say is that, this product that we are talking about is really leveraging the devices that we use to protect homes plus the distributed technologies available today to help consumers optimize demand. Don’t think of this as a conservation effort -- opt-in conservation effort. This is about optimizing and about convenience for our customers. So it is a very different product from the traditional VI. That’s why we are calling it more as an optimization of the energy demand behind the meter as opposed to a traditional demand response. That’s why we are so excited because this is something that consumers want and this is something that NRG is uniquely positioned not only to provide to consumers, but to be able to monetize that value in the wholesale market. There is no other entity with the scale of NRG that can do that today. That’s why we are an early mover on this.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think we are, for the most part, done on the optimization front. I mean remember, the optimization of our portfolio is driven by what we need to serve our load in the best possible way. STP, I already talked at great length, it’s block power, it is not necessarily, it is not flexible, it doesn’t move. We can replace that in the market. Gregory was also very specific. This is basically a plan that was built to provide steam to our host. So they really didn’t do provided the attributes of characteristics that we wanted from a flexible asset. I think after Gregory and STP I would say our optimization efforts are largely done.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, Angie, let me just say two things. Number one, we are -- when we serve our customers we are not short. We are actually leaning long. We don’t have to own every megawatt or produce every megawatt that we sell to our customers. That will be the first thing. The second thing is, and perhaps, to your point about, ERCOT. When I think about the market, my view is that, the marginal unit, which means the most cost-efficient today is renewable energy. It’s going to be wind and solar, intermit and generation. That’s zero variable cost generation. What that means is that, for the most part of ours in the market is quite clear at a very low price, except for those periods where perhaps renewable is not performing as normal, because the wind is not blowing and the sun is not shining. So you are going to see very few periods of scarcity conditions. But for the most part, the rest of the intervals, the rest of the hours are going to be very low price. So that’s why demand response and the optimizing demand management is so, so important, because that basically gives you instantaneous peaking capacity exactly for the duration that you want, which is very short durations. I think we have the improvement that we have made on our supply strategy is very consistent with what we expect the market will be paid in the future and the opportunity around the management is again completely consistent with that expectation in terms of price formation and market behavior. So I believe we have positioned the company very, very well for the foreseeable future. And I will just say one more thing, we literally experienced the hottest summer on record in Texas and the grid handled it very well. The only time when we saw scarcity pricing was really at phase where we have low renewable output and even there ERCOT was managing the grid very conservatively. So I will say that, for those of you who really wanted to test the ERCOT market and the improved supply strategy that we have at NRG. This was the test and we passed with high flying colors I think.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think right now we are comfortable accelerating the 2023 targets, just given the success on our growth and cross-sell. Yeah, I think, it’s early to start thinking about moving the $300 million by 2025. What I will say is that, that roadmap does not include the VPP or demand side management potential and that’s something that we are going to be talking to all of you, quantifying it and how big it be and when can we start realizing it. So that’s more to come there.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, it is one more data point that we are going to take into consideration. I think the first step for the loan program, it is the vote and then the second step is the rules around how the loan program is going to work. Obviously, all market participants are looking at it and we will -- again, it will be one more data point for us to inform our supply strategy, but it is only one more data point.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, the first thing I will say is, as I mentioned on Investor Day, we don’t see any more acquisitions. Second, we are completely committed to this capital allocation framework of 80% of return, 20% of growth. And third, the 20% is inclusive of the opportunity that we see on VPP. So, we will continue unpacking what that opportunity is and the investment, but it will be contained within the 20% during the planning period that we provided to you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. It is really a function of two things. One is the increase in interest rates year-over-year and two is a function of the consumer buying more products when they take our service. And on the second point, we feel very good about both the payback period, as well as the IRR. You see the boost in recurring revenue per subscriber that’s disclosed in the KPIs. I want to remind you that that’s across the entire 2.1 million subscriber base. If you would only look at the new customer acquisition cohort, the revenue increase -- the service revenue increase is even more substantive than that. And so, we feel very good about the payback of that incremental investment in the consumer as they take more products from us.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. Other than the new customers are sort of taking more product as we continue to expand our product portfolio. There’s no change in the mix. We have a very, very high quality subscriber base and high credit scores. And so it’s a very resilient business from that standpoint.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Darren. Well, I would like to thank all of you for your interest in the company and your support and look forward to providing you updates in the future. Thank you.
Bruce Chung: So. I would say that, really when you think about the $160 million, it’s pretty much margin expansion across the entirety of the complex. So if we think about our Home Energy business, we are really seeing margin expansion, there is really on two fronts, one is on revenue management and on the cost of supply. So when you think about the durability of that, the revenue management side of it is really a function of the efforts we have done over the past several years around data-driven analysis to really make sure that we are targeting proper revenue rate for customers and then on the cost of supply, that’s really representing the benefits of our diversified supply strategy and just a general better plant performance relative to history. On the C&I side, we are seeing margin expansion there, which we would also believe is terrible. As we know, there has been volatility in the market and customers are locking in higher revenue rates reflecting that volatility, and obviously, those contracts tend to be longer tenor and so that should also provide durability. And then lastly on the Smart Home side. As you saw with the KPIs, we are seeing margin expansion both on the revenue front and higher revenue per subscriber, as well as lower cost to serve as we continue to optimize that piece of the business, and again, given the long duration nature of those customers, we would expect that to also continue to be durable. So, all-in-all, higher expansion on the margin side with durability.
Bruce Chung: Yeah. I would say, Shar, I think, we continue to remain focused on that conversion rate. I don’t think it will be linear, because if you -- most of that conversion improvement is going to come from increasing the conversion at Vivint, right? And so if you remember, we provided some information that showed a free cash flow growth profile at Vivint going from $140 million to $445 million. by the end of 2025, so that’s a pretty steep increase in the cash flow at Vivint which is really going to help to drive that conversion higher on a go-forward basis.
Bruce Chung: Julien, I would just add that as you know, when you do an ASR, we obviously realize the vast majority of the shares having been bought in pretty much on an immediate basis, but it takes time for the banks to be able to go and purchase those shares properly. And so my guess is, we would probably anticipate that the program will be completed inside of the first quarter of next year. But to us, that’s actually a pretty good situation because then that provides the ability to then roll into a regular way share of repurchase program related to our 2024 capital allocation plan to really continue to maintain the momentum on the repurchase front.
