Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. Turning to slide 14. I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today's presentation. We delivered strong results for the first quarter and are well positioned for the balance of the year. With the Vivint acquisition complete, we turn our focus to integration, growth and synergies. Our efforts are well underway, and it is now all about execution. I look forward to providing you a comprehensive update on our home business and strategy at our upcoming Investor Day. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Sean, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So Julien, I'm assuming that you're talking about the target that we provide on our free cash flow per share that support 15% or 20% growth. And when you look at the EBITDA and free cash flow generation capability of NRG and then you lay on top of that, the $400 million of cost synergies and revenue synergies, we feel very confident that we're going to be on path to achieve that 15% to 20% free cash flow per share return. As a matter of fact, the acquisition of Vivint now gives us a little bit more control on achieving that. Remember, before we have tremendous financial flexibility, and we generate excess cash will be on what the traditional NRG needed, that we have used to reduce the denominator. The one variable that we cannot control there is at the price that we can buy back our stock. Now with the Vivint engine and the opportunity to create this $400 million of incremental value, we just increased the tools that we have to increase the numerator. And put more in control the achievement of this $12.50 that we have laid out for 2025. So I feel very comfortable that with what we laid out today and in previous calls that we are on track to achieving that $12.50 a share by 2025.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, the first thing that I will say is when I think about the Vivint business, there are three big leverages that we're going to be focused on, the Vivint business was high, had high leverage. It has a high acquisition cost and there was also an opportunity on the consumer financing. So these are three specific buckets that we're focused on optimizing. And for me, it creates an opportunity for value creation. Now right now, we're focused on optimizing the 7.5 million net worth customers that we have. We have opened the lines of communication across our sales channels we're going to continue to optimize them. We're going to -- we have introduced bundling. We now are doing cross-sell between our call centers and our digital assets. We are testing in the market bundle. So that is the focus right now. When I think about 2025 and beyond, it's really about how do we bring the energy experience that we currently have with the smart home experience that we have and we create a best-in-class product for customers that is going to drive the growth on 2025 and beyond. This is something that we're going to be talking more about on our Investor Day on how this vision comes together with the two offerings that we have one in energy, one in a smart home. So we will make it more tangible and real for all our investors at the upcoming investor.
