Kirkland Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio. Starting with the summary of financial results you find on Slide 8, consolidated first quarter EBITDA was $333 million, with $153 million from Retail and $180 million from Generation. The bar charts in the center of the slide provide a walk from our first quarter 2018 consolidated EBITDA to this quarter’s results. Starting on the left-side of this chart, we start with first quarter 2018 consolidated adjusted EBITDA of $336 million. Next, in order to arrive in an appropriate basis for comparison to 2019, we eliminate the impact of asset sales, retirements and deconsolidations from our first quarter 2018 results. The total EBITDA impact of these items is $47 million and is comprised of four elements. One, Ivanpah and Agua Caliente, which were fully consolidated in our first quarter 2018 results before circumstances required to change in accounting later in 2018 to equity method; second, BETM, which was included in our first quarter 2018 results, but was sold later in the year; third, the pro forma impact of the Cottonwood lease, which began in early 2019 following the sale of the South Central Portfolio; and finally, EBITDA from the Encina facility, which was retired when the Carlsbad plant was brought online at the end of 2018 and sold to Clearway. Deducting the $47 million impact of these items from first quarter 2018 results provides a baseline for comparison to our reported results for this quarter. From this new baseline, we address the quarter-to-quarter changes starting with three elements related to the Transformation Plan initiatives. First, we incurred $15 million in incremental SG&A expense related to margin enhancement programs, we expect to begin to produce results later in 2019. Next, we realized $20 million in EBITDA from our margin enhancement programs during the first quarter; and third, having delivered $80 million in Transformation Plan cost savings in the first quarter of 2018, we realized $130 million in savings this quarter or an incremental increase in savings of $51 million. Turning to Retail. Non-transformation Plan retail results for the quarter were $58 million lower, primarily due to increased supply cost and more favorable weather in the first quarter of 2018, which were partially offset by EBITDA from the XOOM acquisition. Finally, Generation results for the quarter were $46 million higher, primarily due to higher realized prices during the quarter. Both the higher retail supply costs and higher realized prices in Generation are in part the result of intersegment power sales between Generation and Retail, which are typically based on average annual power prices. As power prices in ERCOT have become increasingly seasonal with lower prices during the shorter periods, such as the first quarter and higher prices during the summer, the resulting annual average price implies a premium to observe pricing in the shoulder periods and a discount to pricing seen in the summer. The annual supply costs for Retail and annual revenues from Generation, which result from these intercompany sales based on average annual prices, will be no different than if those intercompany transactions were executed based on quarterly or seasonal pricing, since these prices form the basis for the annual average price used. As our consolidated results of $333 million for the quarter were in line with our expectations, we’re reaffirming our 2019 guidance ranges. Turning to Slide 9. While our capital allocation plan for 2019 is unchanged from our previous update, we have now completed the first-half of our $1 billion 2019 share buyback program we announced in late February and will continue to repurchase shares to complete the balance of that program. We continue to expect $872 million of yet to be allocated excess capital in 2019, which will become available later this year as we generate the bulk of our free cash flow during the third quarter. We expect to provide an update on the intended use of that excess capital by our third quarter earnings call. Finally, we remain focused on our revised target investment-grade metrics in 2019, as shown on Slide 10, and are on track to achieve those metrics, including using up to $600 million in 2019 capital previously allocated to further reduce balance sheet debt. And with that, I’ll turn it back to you, Mauricio.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes, I think, I agree with that on – in isolation. When it comes specifically to the impact of the intercompany transfer, the dynamic that Mauricio described is correct from a standpoint of year-over-year supply cost, specifically related to that transfer. Overall, certainly, as you know, one, the third quarter in – on a consolidated basis is increasingly, as Mauricio said, the strongest contributor by far to our results. And so overall, you may see the overall comparison on Retail and Generation in that quarter overall being similar to the directions that you see on Slide 8 for the first quarter. But within that, going back to what I said in the first place, the supply cost related to the intercompany transfer will have the opposite comparison, as you indicated. But there’s obviously a lot more than just intercompany transfer they contribute to our results. So, we certainly expect Generation to be relatively robust and just the overall EBITDA to be more significant than any other quarter of the year, it is – typically it’s in the third.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. I think, overall, that – that’s a reasonable way to interpret in term – in terms of the uptick. That is the case with respect to certain portions of the cost savings is, they aren’t realized on a levelized basis across the year, because in some of our costs, specifically on the – especially on the O&M side are seasonal in nature. So you’ll see variability in realized cost savings quarter-over-quarter. But going back to your original observation, yes, the incremental increase is a good barometer to see the measure that we are on track towards getting to that $590 run rate in 2019, which is embedded in our guidance.
Kirkland Andrews: Overall to that question is, yes. As I said, the quarterly results of $333 million, as I said, were in line with our expectations. And you’re right, I mean, the realized gross margin, which I think you’ll find we’ll be filing the Q later today with the details around the MD&A with a gross margin is by segment. So that when combined with the outlook over the balance of the year as you cited on 2019, would be the best way to confirm that. But overall, your overarching statement is correct. We are on track and that’s part of why we’re reaffirming the guidance today.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. Greg, I would say, modest benefit is probably the better way to think about that. And certainly, within that bandwidth of reasonable scenarios, as Mauricio said, it depends on the load that we have not yet locked in and priced, right? We have – there’s two determining factors there. One is the price to the customer of that load and we’re obviously very sensitive to that, because we’re in a business of maintaining our customer base; and two, is the supply cost you realize when you lock that in, right? Obviously, the latter of those two scenarios is going to be driven by the evolution of prices in ERCOT, which on the other side of the equation benefit Generation, but it all depends on where we lock those prices on the Retail side. So I’m painting a picture of a scenario where, yes, you’ll realize some benefit on the length on the Generation side, but some of that may be offset by supply cost in the Retail side. We said, if we decide, it is like [indiscernible] for the long run to maintain discipline in the near-term on price where Retail is concerned.
Kirkland Andrews: No, we know that at the quarter-end and you’ll see this when we file the Q later today. That program was still outstanding, but subsequently to the quarter-end, I think, September and mid-April. The bank completed that accelerated share repurchase program and we’ll deliver the balance of the share, so that program…
Kirkland Andrews: Even at the first quarter-end event, it’s reflected in that. And I I believe on one of those pages in the press release, there’s a footnote that tells you what our shares outstanding are up to the minute and that shares outstanding reflects the complete impact of that first $500 million [indiscernible].
Kirkland Andrews: That’s basically just collateral postings related to two things. One, the components of collateral postings related to the mark-to-market on our hedges that we put in place. That collateral comes back to us, obviously, as those hedges roll off and realize is the case over the course of the year. And also to some extent, working capital receivables versus payables around the context of the Retail business. I think, this is probably the two primary components of that. I mean, if you follow the company, I know that you have. I mean, the first quarter tends to be our light quarter on a free cash flow basis. This is not unusual at all for us, because even though there’s an EBITDA distribution here, I would say, even the free cash flow is even more acutely biased towards that, kind of third quarter piece of the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Now turning to Slide 12, a few closing thoughts on our 2019 priorities and expectations. I’m very excited for 2019 with another year of strong execution. Our top priority is to further demonstrate the predictability of our integrated platform, achieve our new investment-grade credit metrics and deploy the nearly $900 million of remaining excess cash adhering to our transparent capital allocation principles. We also remain on track on all of our Transformation Plan targets, particularly as we continue to ramp up our margin enhancement initiatives throughout 2019. Our company today is stronger than it has ever been. And as I look to the summer and beyond, I’m confident our platform is best positioned to deliver predictable results and create significant shareholder value in the long run. So with that, I want to thank you for your interest in NRG. Danielle, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well, let me start first with the impact of full FRR. And I’m assuming that your question is just specific about Illinois and the impact that it has in our Midwest Generation Portfolio. So, before I turn it over to Chris for additional details, let me just say that, first, you have to put it in context. I don’t think that outcome is a binary outcome, where one looses and the other one wins. We know that our Generation is needed for the common zone to maintain or to meet the expected load. With respect to the FRR, I mean, the states have always have the right to FRR completely if they wanted to. The specifics about how this time around will be done is less clear. There is a lot of a speculation whether certain units can FRR, whether the entire market needs to FRR, there’s a lot of – there are a couple of considerations there. Remember, Illinois has retail choice, so it will be very difficult to FRR the entire region. But regardless of what the path that they take, we feel very comfortable that under the status quo, we are okay. If they decide – if FERC decides to implement some sort of RCO, resource carve-out with repricing, I think, we’re better off. And if they decide to go ahead FRR, we don’t have enough information to assess what the impact would be, but it’s not zero since our units are needed. But with that, Chris, I don’t know if there’s anything else that you want to add.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, we’ve said that in – approximately, it’s about somewhat 5% of our total EBITDA. So let’s just put it in context what the impact would be. But again, I think the important thing, this is not a binary outcome, a zero-sum game. With respect to your second question about the PPAs, we introduced our capital-light PPA strategy in the last earnings call. That team has made really good progress. We’re in the middle of executing that right now, but we’re not done yet. So where I’m going to be providing you the more specifics around the progress on that strategy by the next earnings call, because as you hope, you can appreciate, we’re in the middle of execution, and I don’t want to impair our ability to get the best value on those – on that strategy.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well that is exactly what I was about to say, Greg. Our goal in rebalancing the portfolio and integrating Generation and Retail is to be able to provide predictable earnings in a number of market conditions. So if there is an extreme scenario in Texas, let me just, I guess, provide a little bit more specificity. All our price load is hedged. So by – when we go into the summer months, you have to know that our retail exposure will be completely hedged. On the Generation side, we always carry a little bit of excess generation to manage operational risk. So to the extent that our units perform well, we’re going to have more that is exposed to the market. And if you see really high prices, we’ll benefit from that. If our units operate less, we have a buffer to be able to manage that and not be exposed to high power prices. So overall, the goal of the – the goal for us in the summer and for that matter on any season is to continue providing predictable earnings with these complementary and countercyclical businesses of Generation and Retail.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And super volatile will also impact next summer or the following summer, which gives us an opportunity to increase our hedges and capture higher gross margins on our generation part of the business.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Angie, I mean, as you know, we don’t comment on M&A. But we have said that we’ve come a long way on rebalancing our portfolio between Generation and Retail. I feel very good about it, but there’s always an opportunity to perfect it. I have said that before in the past. Our focus right now is, how do we grow our Retail business in the East. We have a really good platform. We have been doing it organically, very successfully. But the way I would characterize the M&A opportunities are probably smaller to medium-size and they’re limited. So we’re going to be very opportunistic and we’re going to be very judicious about where we deploy our capital on the space. And this has to be – they have to be businesses that just complement our existing platform. We already have a platform in the – in Texas. We already have a platform in the East. So this is really a tuck-in transaction for a lack of a better word. So they’re smaller and medium size.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So the remaining cash of $872 million. As you all know, we already allocated $1.6 billion, that’s mostly on returning capital to shareholders and to achieve our new credit metric investment type of metric ratios. So I will be in a position to provide that by – in the third quarter earnings call. As I said, this was kind of a unique year, because a lot of our excess cash was front-loaded given the asset sales. And now that the distribution of our earnings have become even more peak here in the summertime. We really need to wait for – the – having that excess cash, I guess, coming through the door before we can allocate it. So you should expect that from us on the third quarter earnings call anytime. So how we’re going to allocate that? We’re going to be consistent with the way we have allocated that on our capital allocation principles. We look at growth and we look at returning capital to shareholders. We have a very clear and transparent way of measuring our – the return hurdles that we have when we allocate for growth, but that’s not sufficient. They also have to be superior to the – I guess, implied return of our own shares that we believe continue to be undervalue. So I think, we’re going to be very consistent in the way that we have approach it in the past.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, I think that’s fair. If you look even at our hedging disclosures for the balance of the year, we’re 93%, 94% hedged. So, we really have – our excess generation is really going to be with an eye towards managing our operational risk. And – but if there is high prices this summer, it will definitely impact forward years, and that just gives us a really good opportunity, where our portfolio is more open. I mean, if you look at 2020, we’re only 50% hedged and 2021. So it creates an opportunity for hedging in the future and it creates – now there is a modest upside. But again, our goal is to make sure that our platform performs on a number of market conditions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Michael, and thank you for your interest in NRG, and I look forward to talking to you in the next earnings call or in a roadshow if I see you before that. Thank you.
Chris Moser: No, I would – Julien, this is Chris. I would echo what Mauricio said, which is the details are going to matter and which path FERC ends up taking at Illinois, ends up taking are going to matter. What I will just echo is that, hey, look, in a 25,000 megawatts zone, they still need a big chunk of our units to clear that zone and to cover the load reliably. So I know that we outlined kind of the impact of Midwest Gen, what percent it is of our earnings in earlier calls and/or presentations. And I would say, I would expect that anything – any impact would be a fraction of that.
Chris Moser: And Greg, this is Chris. I would just throw out one thing that is slightly more medium-term than what happens this summer if it’s super volatile. I think in a super volatile summer, you may see some retailers that aren’t as well capitalized or hedged as us that end up shaken loose that, we do have Elizabeth and her team does a great job of buying and moving things into the book. And so that may provide an opportunity for us to grow the retail side, if we do see what you described as super volatile this summer.
Chris Moser: I mean, as you will know a lot more when we get to next week and they come out with the SARA and the CDR, which I think is coming out Wednesday or Thursday of next week on 8th date, that is – that will give us a look. I expect that to show probably negatives in the base case. It doesn’t, okay? But keep in mind that SARA normally doesn’t count the full use of the D.C. tied. It doesn’t count all of the ERS or the private used networks. I mean, there’s a lot of things that are above and beyond the SARA. But it’s going to look pretty bad. I mean, the seven and change reserve margin is going to be awfully tight. Going the other way, Gregory will be in there, so you’ll see a slight uptick from that. But in terms of what we’re seeing so far this summer and so far what we’ve seen this spring, we’ve had some disappointing days, where the expectations were pretty high from a hey load is pretty good and we’ve got a heck of a lot of averages and you do kind of a net load calculation and you’re like wow we’re up in the middle of 70s and prices aren’t doing much. It’s been raining down there at the drought monitor. People start to look at the drought monitor around this time of the year, and we’ll see what that shows. But it’s been relatively wet down there and looking at it. And so forward reading, it looks like we’re leaning towards El Niño, which isn’t particularly bullish. But we’ll have to see and, like I said, we’ll take a look at the SARA when it comes out. But hey, look, at 7.5 reserve margin super tight, but a lot of the other things are going are kind of trending the other direction.
Chris Moser: I think it’s been – this is Chris. I think it’s been slightly muted by the change between what PJM was asking for and what FERC delivered. And also I think that there was – I think there was a little bit in the forward curve to begin with. I mean, this has been sitting there. We were expecting this to happen in September. So this has been in the forwards for this summer for a while. Will – I don’t know that it’s going to – I don’t expect the curves to run up $3 on this, would be my suggestion.
Chris Moser: I think it was mostly expected and then slightly disappointed that FERC didn’t do exactly what PJM asked, which was the two hour, instead of a one hour.
Chris Moser: So the is Chris, Mike. I would look and say, I think, we probably shared this in the past that when we look at wind build in the CDR versus what we see wind delivered, it’s been in that 30% to 40% range over the past three years or so. So I would be slightly bearish even to that, because I think that Greg [ph] pretty well supplied with 22 gigs of wind already on the system and the Greg was built for far less than that. When you then talk about solar, I think that we’re going to see some solar coming. I think that Texas needs new build right now, because good load, the peak load is growing at 2,000 megawatts a year. And so we need a bunch of a – a bunch of new build and solar seems like the most likely part of it assuming they can find PPAs for that. So that’s kind of a quick, and then there’s very little gas really. I mean, I think gas is only 10% or 15% of the interconnection queue these days. And like Mauricio mentioned in his initial remarks, I mean, some of the gas that is expected in 2021 has been postponed three or four times already. So that’s a real quick snapshot on it.
Chris Moser: I think that solar sighting is going to be sprinkled across the grid. So as opposed to like a very concentrated approach out in the panhandle that we’ve seen in the wind. I think solar will speckle the landscape a lot more, so to your point, may be closer to some of the load zones. And then impact on pricing, I’ll just leave you with this thought. There’s no unit in the system that’s a $9,000 cost, right? I mean, the prices are administratively set. So whether whether the unit is zero marginal cost like solar or a $30 gas unit, it doesn’t really matter when you get to scarcity. And the – if we need a lot to get to a 10% reserve margin in 2021, and I don’t think a lot of that winds probably going to be there to do that. So I think it’s going to stay tight for a while.
