Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. And to close on slide 16, I just like to summarize our main priorities as we move into 2017. You may notice similar themes to last year. This is because our focus on continuous improvement and our strategic objectives remain the same. We will continue to work towards perfecting our integrated platform, seizing market opportunities to grow, and demonstrating leadership in the competitive power sector. And we will enhance our business by remaining focused on operational excellence, reducing costs, strengthening the balance sheet, and repositioning our fleet. We continue with the process of seeking a comprehensive resolution for GenOn, where we are in active dialog with bondholders, and expect to provide more clarity next quarter. With a solid foundation put in place this year, we can continue on executing our strategy to drive greater shareholder value in the months and years to come. So with that, operator, we're ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, as we move into 2017, I think when you look at the additional disclosures that we have on the, I believe it was, slide 6, for 2016, you should expect that we're going to continue to focus on reducing our cost structure overall. And at the very least, when it comes to SG&A, not only we're going to hold the line, but as I mentioned on my prepared remarks, I think it's difficult given the initiative that we're going to go through in the Business Review Committee to put a specific target as we have done in the past. So, I hope that you all indulge us with holding on to, I guess, the direction that we have provided in terms of our new FORNRG program, our new cost initiatives. But there is a lot that we're going to go through in the next couple of months in revising our entire businesses around the company.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, I think it's similar to what we did in 2016. I mean, we went through a very thorough review process on assets that were not necessarily core on specific regions, that were single assets that have been underperforming. But the most important thing to me is, if we can actually monetize assets at value. And that's what we're going to be focusing on, on the next steps of asset dispositions. As I've said in the past, we ended up with a portfolio of close to 50,000 megawatts of generation through a number of acquisitions, and it is the time now to be pruning around that portfolio and to recalibrate and resize that portfolio. But we will only do that if we can actually monetize assets at value, like we did last year where we set a target of $500 million and we came in a little over $550 million. So, I think that's how you should be thinking about the asset optimization efforts going into 2017. And of course, I mean, now that we have a new framework around the Business Review Committee, we will have a conversation about single assets. But every part of our business and – evaluate that and make a determination in the next couple of months, which I will be in a position to announce to you later in the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So, the first thing I think it was important to – as we go in through this period of asset rebalancing and asset optimization, I feel it was important to provide you with the total cost reduction on the platform, and not only focusing on one specific category. So, what we attempted to do was provide you with the entire cost platform of the company. Some of the additional cost reductions happened around asset dispositions that we've made. And it is important, as we go in through this asset rebalancing, that we have the transparency to provide you the level that you need to be able to compare where we were before and where we are today. I will also say that a lot of the over-performance happened just across all the different categories; SG&A, O&M, selling and marketing. So, there is not just one area to pinpoint. But I think it was, as I mentioned, completely across the organization.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Greg. Good morning and, yes, that is correct. I mean, the guidance does not include anything that will come from the review that we're going to undergo in the next couple of months. That is correct.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, I mean, let me just start with the capacity, and part of the change is just the result that we had from the New England capacity auction. So, keep in mind that what we have here on page 36, it really reflects the latest data points that we have on capacity prices and available capacity that we sell under that. And with respect to the other small IE, we can follow up with you, because I think it sounds like you have some specific questions about CapEx and small changes. So, we can follow up with you, Greg, after the call. But if you have something specific, we can certainly address it now.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Steve, I think that's the goal. And over the next couple of weeks, we're going to meet as a Committee, start looking at every single one of our business with the benefit now of full information, including non-public information and the strategic plan that I laid out to the board last year. And I think that process, we're going to do it on an expedited basis. And one thing that it was important for me to highlight is, the areas where the Business Review Committee is going to focus is very well in line with the priorities that I laid out in 2016 and that we're continuing in 2017. So, now, we're going to have the benefit of working together with the same set of information, so we can make the best evaluation and make recommendations to the board and communicate that to investors later in the year. So, I think that an assumption that we're going to be communicating to the market before August is a fair assumption. Now, keep in mind that, I want to make sure that as we communicate the decisions to our shareholders and to our investors, we need to make sure that we don't jeopardize the execution of any of those decisions. So, I will make that determination in the next – in the coming weeks and months. But we are on a fast track to make a full evaluation of every single one of our businesses.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, two things. One, we understand that many of our investors were working with information from 2015 and partial information throughout the year. So, it is important that everybody recognizes the great efforts that we have gone through and the progress that we've made in terms of streamlining the organization and reducing costs. And this is the first step to improving our disclosures to all of you, so you can actually not only be able to benchmark us with our peers, but also hold us accountable on our efforts going forward. I mean, we may be competitive with other peers as we've put it in this additional disclosure. But certainly, that doesn't take us from our focus on continuing streamlining the organization. And irrespective of asset optimization or asset sales, this is part of who we are and this is part of the refocus of the company over the past 12 months. Now, as you can appreciate, and I think I have mentioned already that, as we go through this process, we're certainly changing and recalibrating the makeup of our portfolio, and repositioning in a way that becomes more – that is better prepared to take advantage of the market opportunities as they will present themselves. So, I think it's going to be combination of two things. One is continue streamlining the organization; and then two, repositioning the portfolio that will have an impact on our total cost structure.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, that's a great point, and I'm glad that they didn't – it didn't get unnoticed on my remarks. I will tell you that we're completely focused. We're going to be active and we're going to be vocal in defending the integrity of competitive markets. We have done that already in New York and Illinois. And wherever we see that out-of-market payments for uneconomic generation to really subsidize and slow down the most efficient mix of generation and technologies that consumers need and want, we will be there. And like I said, I mean, today New York, Illinois, and wherever that pops, we're going to be a very vocal and active proponent of competitive markets.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, great. Thank you, and thank you for your interest in NRG and spending some time with us this morning, and look forward to talk to you in the next earnings call. Thank you.
Kirkland B. Andrews: And just to add on – it's Kirk. I mean I think this is part of one of the pages that Mauricio spoke to in the total cost comparison versus the baseline, on which those cost targets were set. This is what we achieved in 2016. And I think we had about $130 million in SG&A and marketing savings, about $300 million in O&M, and another $100 million of rounding in development. If you recall, I mean our original target of $150 million, as we said in the reset, which was a part of that $400 million, was to come from G&A, marketing and development. So pursuant to what I just described, the combination of those two elements in terms of savings between the baseline and 2016 is more like $230 million. So, that gives you a directional sense of at least where that component of the overage came from.
Kirkland B. Andrews: In terms of non-recurring, and I believe you'll find a walk of that in the appendix. Always hate to refer to pages deep in the appendix, but I understand this is an important question. I think it's back on page 35 of the appendix. The only really non-recurring of that deduction is some non-cash gains or losses, and most of those are losses, related to just retirements or write-offs of small assets and inventory and the like. The bulk of that, excluding the component that we obviously left to the side that's associated with the cost of the South Texas Project, the nuclear asset, and we did that obviously for comparative purposes. We're the only IPP among the three that Mauricio had spoken to that has a nuclear asset. The remainder of that are – it's a list of different things. It's deactivation costs for deactivations that took place, obviously, those megawatts are not included; ARO or asset retirement obligation expense; the purchase accounting effect of lease accounting for some of our acquired assets that are under lease. And the remainder of that is, basically, just lease expense, which is really more of a financing charge that's largely associated with the GenOn and a subset of that is, obviously, the Midwest Gen asset. So, that's non-recurring and more just not what you think about as traditional O&M and SG&A, or maintenance CapEx.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Beyond the savings associated with the divesture of plants, there's very little save a small amount of year-over-year change in terms of residential solar overhead. We streamlined that business and obviously changed the business model. But I'd say that number is less than $50 million in terms of overhead. The bulk of the difference, as you alluded to earlier, is just the changes associated with the plant sales, so Shelby, Seward, Rockford and Aurora.
