Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. I have a few final remarks on our priorities for the year on Slide 15. As always, our top priority is to deliver on our financial and operational objectives. We remain focused on executing on our transformation plan initiatives, as we direct our attention to margin enhancement in 2019. Like I said earlier, our company today is stronger than it has ever been. We are now a streamlined cash flow machine that for the first time have the financial flexibility to continue perfecting our platform to make it more balance and predictable, continue strengthening our balance sheet and consistently returning capital to shareholders. With these priorities, we believe we have an opportunity to create significant shareholder value in the long term. I am very proud of our progress, and I look forward to the next phase in our journey. Thank you. And with that Jonathan, we’re ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, if you think about our margin enhancement, that is independent to commodity price increases. I think the best way that I can characterize our margin enhancement is, it just makes our platform better, so regardless of the – where we are in the cycle now. The reality is when you combine margin enhancement with the dynamics that we’re seeing in the commodity prices, I mean, yes, perhaps you can potentially mass the impact of margin enhancement. But the way we think about margin enhancement is completely independent from the underlying commodity price. And we are on track – yes, we’re on track for 2019.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So we have gone through great changes inside our portfolio. We rightsize – first, we simplify the business by taking some non-core assets or underperforming financial assets. We focus on our generation retail integrated business. Then we rightsize it. So our generation portfolio is much better balanced than our retail. But we feel transform regional imbalances for lack of a better word. In the East, our generation portfolio is bigger than our retail. And in Texas, our retail business is slightly bigger than our generation fleet. So I think, there is an opportunity one to better balance those two, that’s what I mean by perfecting it. And then number two, while our physical assets right now are the right ones to help us manage load, there’s always an opportunity. Keep in mind that the customers are going to be determining what is the right mix of the generation assets that we need. When I say, customer-driven integrated platform, I mean it. I mean, the customers are going to determine what kind of supply they want to have. Is there going to be 50% renewables, 75% renewables, 100% grid power. So that’s going to inform how we set off our generation portfolio, and there’s an opportunity to perfect that. So that’s what I mean by perfecting it. Now, what it means is from a practical standpoint, as I said, there is an opportunity right now to continue growing our retail business both organically and through M&A. But today, I don’t see any opportunity that meets our investment thresholds on the generation side. And that’s why we have initiated this capital-light, asset-light strategy, where we can actually contract short-term or medium-term contracts, PPAs to better manage and perhaps it even better aligns the load obligations that we have. We don’t have. It’s capital-light because we use developers that have perhaps low in terms of capital than we do and have a different risk profile when it comes to the residual value of these assets. And so we think it’s a better match to help us complement our physical asset position. That’s what I mean by perfecting the business.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Steve, I think, there’s just a limited number of opportunities. I mean, limited in the sense of very large retail book. So I think there is going to be a lot of them in terms of small books. But we think of them as the day-to-day, we’re going to be evaluating these, just like we have done in the past, and we’re going to acquire these small books, as a normal course of business. But on the – let’s say, on the slightly bigger because these are not necessarily large transactions, Steve. There’s a limit in the number of opportunities. And like I said, we are – we know that we want to participate on this. We have an option to either grow organically or grow through M&A. And just, I mean, we’re just going to be very disciplined. Very disciplined on two fronts, on the way we look at these businesses and the earnings power of these businesses; and secondly, on the value that we pay for these businesses and the combination of those two are going to – they have to meet our internal threshold. So I mean, those are the two things that I guess everybody should be thinking about. What do you expect from this business, and what you are willing to pay for this business. And I think we have a pretty good track record in terms of being disciplined on the value side and we’ve been very realistic on delivering the earnings potential of these businesses or the earnings that we tell you, they’re going to deliver.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So let me turn it to Kirk for the credit metrics, and then Chris Moser can talk about the hedge.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, It’s a mark-to-market, Praful calculation. So it takes into consideration, where we – what time of the day, or what, block of energy we sold in the market and then, just marking it against, where the last expectation is or where the forward market is.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And if I can just make a comment because this is a, I think we heard loud and clear from our investors, we want to be very transparent in our disclosures. We want to provide disclosures that help you understand better our company and better the financials going forward. So we believe that moving into these open energy margin with the mark to market of all our hedges, not just power hedges, but all our hedges, just helps you better understand the model the potential – the earnings potential of our company. So we’re going to continue to provide additional disclosures. But right now, we think that this move is a step on the right direction.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I think Praful what you – what we – we don’t look at the credit or the steps that we’re taking on the balance sheet on isolation. I think Kirk already provided a pretty good overview that this is a combination of perfecting our business model and making it more predictable. So you’re just describing what we used to do in the past, which was try to make our generation earnings more predictable. Well, if we are able to now combine it with a more balanced approach to retail, then we don’t have to rely so much on the market. We can just point generation to retail. So one of the key priorities is a more predictable business, which you know, that will improve the assessment of rating agencies and the risk profile of our earnings. The second thing is the balance sheet and all the benefits that Kirk already explained around the balance sheet. And lastly is consistently returning capital to shareholders. If you think about those three priorities, I think we have a tremendous opportunity given the financial flexibility that we have afforded ourselves to rerate the stock and to create shareholder value for – long-term shareholder value in the coming months and years. So it is a combination of all three things that we are looking to enhance the valuation of our equity. I think that’s how you should think about it, they’re all related.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, We are evaluating Agua Caliente, as you know, the expected sale to Clearway didn’t happen, and we’re going to be waiting for a better environment when we monetize that asset. It’s contract is under long-term contracts. And it’s not necessarily fits the profile of our current platform. So I mean we’re going to look out beyond 2019 and evaluate the options. But I think we’re not going to be forced to do something in a challenging environment. We’re going to do it when we think are better times. And just, I mean, just as a way of just additional context, I mean, remember Agua Caliente is not in our 2019 financial guidance. So it really doesn’t have an impact one way or another.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean I think when you think about 2020, it looks pretty consistent with 2019. Obviously, there’s always puts and takes. In 2020, we have the impact of margin enhancement, the curves are backward dated, so you have more degrees of freedom on your retail. On the generation side, your capacity is under some pressure. But so, I mean there are puts and takes, but it’s pretty consistent year-over-year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Jonathan. It was good talking to all of you. I look forward to continuing our conversation in the days to come. Thank you.
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Greg. What I would start with is really the central focus that we always have, which is, we’re focused on driving shareholder value. And you could probably list five or six, but I’m going to use three ways to drive that value. I mean, the first one is disciplined capital allocation. That’s obviously, what we’ve been focusing on. That’s how you build and maintain credibility with our owners at the end of the day. And we, obviously, plan to continue demonstrating that in 2019 and beyond. But more tangibly to state the bloody obvious, certainly, you can increase value by increasing earnings, growing the earnings, growing accretively, growing inorganically. That’s what we’re focused on doing. But we’re also mindful of the fact that if you can drive the basis on which the stock is valued at the same time, you’re driving value in two ways, right? And that helps kind of supercharge the value opportunity you have. Part of the reason, why we’re buying back stock today is, we see it as a compelling investment. It’s a compelling investment just based on traditional valuation metrics in the sector. We believe, we’ve driven the risk profile of this business down, which should command a sea change in how that reduced business profile is reflected in a more robust valuation metric, as I said before. One of the ways, I think that it is a probable to do that is to derisk further the financial side of the balance sheet and that’s obviously reducing the debt. We’ve taken a look at different free cash flow yields in correlations with different levels of leverage and credit ratings, and there is some pretty compelling evidence across various sectors that basically indicated a strong correlation between those two. And so if we can be successful in driving those metrics down and ultimately, driving that rating up, we believe that’s likely to drive more non-traditional investors in the stock, who are more used to investing in companies with more robust balance sheet. And when we combine that with the continued demonstration, as I said the resilience of our free cash flow, that’s the best means to get that second punch, if you will to drive the stock up. First part is growing the EBITDA, the second driving the metric at which is valued. And that results – a strange way to answer a balance sheet question with the equity side of the equation, we’re talking about deleveraging, I’m happy to talk a little bit more about ratings or interest savings or things like that, but I think that’s probably the leading basis on which we’re looking at this change in our value – rather in our credit metrics.
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Steve. I think that’s probably going to be beyond – certainly beyond 2019 probably based on the dialog we’ve had. Certainly, we’ve enjoyed a lot of success with the rating agencies in the recent past to get them to upgrade us in the last year. So as you know, and understandably, they tend to be a little bit more lagging, they like to do their homework, come around to the new – both the new business risk profile, as well as the new financial profile. So I think that’s – it’s going to take a little time. I think that’s fine. It probably will take at least 12 months to 18 months before we can get there. And part of that, as I said before, is the reason why we’re targeting investment grade metrics is that’s the first step in establishing the platform to get there. I think realistically speaking, and I alluded this in my remarks, we need to continue to demonstrate to the agencies as well as our equity investors that strength and resiliency of the platform because that’s going to be a necessary catalyst over time to get them confident to reduce that business risk. And that’s the reason, why I’m giving it a little longer timeline, which is completely fine because it’s really going to be the combination of, obviously, execute on the delevering, delivering the metrics and then walking that business risk up. You think both of those are really necessary conditions so that we’re going to get to a here’s the investment grade rating. As I’m sure you’re well aware, sitting in another region at the BBB minus level is not the right place to be. So if we’re going to take that step and actually target a rating, as I said, we want to be solidly in that range and that’s another reason, why that will take a little bit of time. But I think this puts us on the right path. But it’s important to get at it soon so that we continue to back run to demonstrate that resiliency. And also at the same time on the equity side, trying to drive that valuation metric tighter on that free cash flow yield. So it – I would say, 12 months to 18 months at a minimum to get through that process.
Kirk Andrews: Hey, Julien. So as far as the timing here, I think, that’s really largely going to be governed by getting at this, what I call, efficiently from a capital perspective. I mean, if you look at our maturity for a second, I’m sort of focused on the unsecured side for a second, given all the successes we’ve had is what I often sort of refer to from time-to-time is we’re kicking cans down the road, we’re making hay while the sun shines and continue to refinance things. Our nearest maturity is 2024, not surprisingly, it also happens to be our nearest call window. So the next call window we have for that – or first call window, which is roughly half the coupon, so call it 103, spot of 125 is around May of this year. So if we’re going to go to the unsecured side, I think that’s probably the – if you want to call it, if you will, the temporal governor there, so that we know we got a price at which we can attack, not necessarily implying 100% certain. That’s the direction we’re going to go, but that’s probably a good way to think about on the unsecured side. By the way, I think that maturity is probably about $730 million, so well enough there to satisfy the $600 million. The best and most efficient from a capital standpoint is on the foot side of that question. Obviously, we’ve got a pretty significant term loan. That term loan actually matures sooner, that’s in 2023 maturity. That one is available for us to delever at par. So it probably would be right now if you put a gun in my head or a combination of those two things. So that’s probably the two buckets we look most closely to. But in terms of timing, I think about that May inflection point and after is being probably the bulk of that $600 million right now.
Kirk Andrews: All right, let me take that in two pieces. So the way I think about it, Michael, when you’re telling me some [indiscernible] addressing your question. So step one is that incremental delevering, that will create some cash flow there. So rule of thumb, if you’re talking about reducing interest with fund secured notes, with a coupon of 6, that 600 you’re talking about, $35 million-plus or minus just nice round number 2 to 5. On an annualized basis, which I think, you find this about a little less than 2% accretive to the free cash flow. Over time, and I want to emphasize over time because that’s the benefit and then the delay that comes with it of all of the success we’ve had as extending maturities tax. When we go to refinance that debt, I think, relative to some investment grade – obviously, we’re strong BB right now. Kind of rule of thumb, it depends on where the markets are. If you think about maybe 25 basis points type of improvement, could be a little more, could be a little less, but 25 basis points probably a decent rule of thumb. And we have to keep in mind also that one of the things that comes along with moving to investment grade, which by the way, is one of the other reasons to go to that strong investment grade if you decide to target the ratings is callable debt is no longer available, right? You’re issuing bullets and that’s understandable because it tends to be the case that you’re a lot closer to have the treasuries if you’re less volatile in interest rate environment. But if you ask me if there’s one single cause I can think about it, it’s probably that one. Not really offset by a benefit on covenants because we successfully taken most of the covenants on our unsecured notes to investment grade testing at this point. But again, going back to second part of my answer, yes, roughly 25 basis points plus or minus.
Kirk Andrews: So I don’t think we’ve broken 8,800 and 8,400 before, but you can assume zero lignite and a mix of the 8,400 and 8,800 for both sets of generation facilities.
Kirk Andrews: Yes. Ali, it’s Kirk. That’s distinction that I think we’re making. So I think what Mauricio is referring to is our existing guidance range, which we established on our third quarter call. At that time, our expectation was Agua Caliente would be sold very early in the first quarter. So we did not bake that into our budgeting or forecasting for the year, that’s the basis on which that guidance was established.
Kirk Andrews: Now let me say that why we’ve got the footnote there, right? Now that we know Agua Caliente is not going to be sold, right. It is going to be – its results will be included in our financial results that’s the distinction between the two.
Kirk Andrews: Yes. Well, obviously we’ve got a $200 million range on EBITDA. So certainly over time, the portfolio evolve, right. We reforecast, we take another look at it et cetera, et cetera. So it certainly included as we look at our expectations now going forward, but it’s in the range.
Chris Moser: Julien, good morning. Chris here. As far as the hedge disclosures go, listen, we heard from a lot of you that the base load revenue hedge disclosures we used to do were at best insufficient and at worst confusing. So we decided to move to a regional gen portfolio and the full gross margin. In terms of apples-to-apples, you should think of us as that we’ve been scaling sellers in 2020 with a combination of some summer and some around the clock as well.
Chris Moser: Yes. I mean, I think that the summer prices have been up slightly between the last disclosure and now. I wouldn’t say materially, if we’re talking about 2020, so to speak. I think that this summer, you got the low reserve margins and high prices. There’s plenty of time for GenOn load to prepare for that. It’s been a little rainy down there so far. And in the most recent way too early weather forecast, I’ve been seen a little bearish Texas in 2019. I mean, it’s pretty early to get that, but the first seasonal outlook I saw, I think it was from CWG, I’m trying to remember. It had a kind of soft in Texas. I mean, 2020, you’ve got a whole another year of load growth, which, according to the CDR 2,000 megawatts a year, I mean, and that’s peak load growth going from 74.8 to 76.8. It’s – Texas needs some new generation. A quick call out, I think, we’re very – we’d like to commend the Public Utilities Commission of Texas for taking the actions they’ve did in terms of adjusting the ORDC out there. I think that’s helpful. Obviously, we support a well-functioning market in Texas. We’ve got way too big in investment down there not to. And I think we’re responding in a bunch of different ways. I mean, we’ve added some reliability work at plants working on some load management and that, and I think that ORDC changes help incent a load response, which is nothing, but helpful for a functioning market.
Chris Moser: So I think the way to read that is that we’ve been scaling sellers of 2020, as the market has continued to move up.
Chris Moser: No, no, don’t think about it like that. Don’t think about it like that. Think about that if we sold peak, the peak has moved up since we sold it. And if we sold off peak, the off peak has moved up since we sold it. It’s – we’re marking it against the relevant numbers.
Chris Moser: Yes. It doesn’t – it’s not – it’s not commenting on we sold off peak, but the peak is up. I mean it’s literally what sales that we make compared to where the market is now. And as you’re scaling seller on the market that’s moving up, you would see some mark to market losses, which is what you see on that chart.
Chris Moser: Yes. I mean the blend is different in the different regions. But it’s fair to say that the – it’s all PRB at this point that lignite is out of the question.
Chris Moser: Well, I think it’s fair to say that as you go forward with – to your point, low off peaks, what you’re seeing is a concentration of value on the peaks and then within the peaks, the concentration of value in the summer as well. And so with high forward summer prices that voice all bodes and certainly the coal plants do well in that scenario as well. If you run out the curve, 10 years or something like that, obviously things look different because it’s a relatively backward dated curve when you get out that far.
Chris Moser: Hey Michael, I have one more follow-up thought on that. If you look at the shape of the reserve margins, we have – our version of it on Page 5 there, you see that as you get into 2022 and 2023 that you’re back in that 7% range or something like that. And I would suggest that the pricing in 2022 and 2023 does not reflect a 7% reserve margin. So either the reserve margin is right, in which case the price is wrong or the price is right and the reserve margin is wrong. And so one of those two things had to give. But as of right now, they’re in a state of call it, cognitive dissonance.
