Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. On Slide 12, I’d like to share a few closing thoughts on our 2024 priorities and expectations. During the quarter, we’ve made significant progress on our strategic initiatives and I’m confident we have the right platform and strategy to deliver on our commitments to both our customers and our shareholders. As CEO, I’m deeply committed to driving NRG forward to create significant additional shareholder value. We are seeing a long-term step change improvement in fundamentals across our platform. You can expect a continued heightened focus on operational excellence, prudent growth and being good stewards of you, our investors’ capital. I have never been more excited about the potential of our company than I am today. Thank you for your time and continued interest in NRG. Operator, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Larry Coben: Is that one question, Shahriar, or three? But they’re all great questions. And look, this state has talked about, I think you probably saw the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor talk about adding a second tranche to the TEP, and I think they’ll then see what happens and what the availability is. I think the bigger question, Shahriar, is, first of all, how much of these are real? And we don’t know yet. We know that ours are shovel-ready. But if you look at people who’ve applied for transmission studies and the like, it’s an awful lot less than 40 gigs. I think it’s about 12 gigs, to be exact. And so, there’s a long way to go before a lot of those projects become real and ready to go. Some of them, I’m sure, will, but many will not. So I don’t see the curve -- while in the short-term we’ve seen some fluctuation in curves, I don’t see what we’ve seen from the TEF filings to have a major impact on what the long-term market is going to look like. I’m sorry. There’s a second half to your question, Shahriar, I think.
Larry Coben: Absolutely we do if, our customers and clients continue to need it and it’s optimal for our portfolio strategy. Though, remember, as we’ve talked about before, the lead times for development, primarily because of turbines and other equipment is several years. So if you don’t have a place in the turbine queue today, there’s no way you’re getting a new project online before 2030 at the earliest.
Larry Coben: Well, Shahriar, when the thing has taken off like a rocket ship, you want to wait until you get to the stars before you get off.
Larry Coben: I mean, Antoine, I think our strategy isn’t changing, but I don’t -- I’ve never really liked the description asset light. I’ve always considered it to be supply optimal. I mean, a good mix of our own generation and other instruments or tolls in order to be able to do that and that’s continuing. One of the reasons we would like to have more iron than we did a year or two ago is because our customers and clients are demanding more electricity. And so, as we construct the appropriate supply portfolio or supply stack, and we optimize that, having more hard metal in the ground is a good thing for us and so we’re doing that. But we’re also going to have more of the other types of instruments that we use as well, because as you can see from this presentation and I know you follow the industry, so you don’t need me to tell you, the growth in power demand is continuing and we need to be in a position to meet our clients’ needs to do that.
Larry Coben: …land on a strategy, we’re obviously going to share that with you and I’m sure that’ll be sometime probably before the end of the year. But we were getting lots of people sort of throwing us bids for our sites, and we’re like, well, we know they think we’re just a bunch of power guys who don’t know anything about data centers. So, if that’s what they’re bidding us, we really need to look at this, because it means there’s a lot more value in there than the bids that we’re receiving. So, can’t really comment too much more on it now, but look forward to sharing more with you as we have it.
Larry Coben: If we actually believe that a depressed curve was reality, that would, Chris heard from here was reality that would obviously impact our decision. But as Rob discussed earlier, what we’re really seeing in terms of increased demand is somewhat belies the short-term blip in the curve. But we look at that all the time. And there are -- there is a place where we wouldn’t do the project. I don’t think, we’re not there today. Go ahead, Rob.
Larry Coben: Look, I mean, we always look to optimize everything we own. There’s nothing on the horizon that I see that would be divestible. But sometimes people walk in the door with very attractive offers for things that we own and we would be silly not to take a look at those, especially given we have a broad and amazing range of opportunities, number one, in which to invest capital. And number two, we have a very undervalued stock in which to invest capital as well. So when we look at those two things, if we can make a transaction that makes sense, we’ll obviously do that. I don’t see anything on the horizon today. But if the opportunity arises, we will certainly look at it hard and try to take advantage of it.
Larry Coben: Thank you all for being on the call and for your interest in NRG. And on a more personal note, for all the kind words and congratulations on my appointment. I’m here and we’re all here because we are super excited about the future of NRG. I think you all know that I’ve been here for 20 years and I’ve never been more excited or more optimistic about the prospects. So I hope you’ll stick with us and join us as we continue to execute well and take advantage of the amazing strategic opportunities and initiatives in front of us. Thank you all very much.
Bruce Chung: Shahriar, I guess, in short, Larry’s thoughts have evolved such that there hasn’t been no change in terms of what we’re thinking about. I think what we had indicated last time is that we are working towards making that transition. We see our third quarter earnings as being the optimal time to be able to do that and that’s what we’re currently working towards.
Bruce Chung: Oh! Yeah. So, look, yeah, we’ll -- from an allocation standpoint, we’ll certainly provide more visibility around the allocation once we close and we get the proceeds in place, but you should expect that we’ll remain consistent with our capital allocation principles.
Bruce Chung: We’re pushing to do that, but it’s a slow and iterative process a bit, Steve. So I’m sure we’ll have some updates. It may not be as complete a one as you all would like. That may have to wait until the first quarter of next year or some conference in between. But we are working expeditiously, but it’s more important that we get it right than do it fast.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. So, Angie, obviously, we’ve seen the same moves and curves that you have. As well as I do that to start with the long-term curve gets impacted by the noise of whatever is going on in the front end of the market. We’ve had a warm but not very pricey summer and that’s kind of impacted things out the curve. What I would tell you is as we look at these curves, regardless of whether or not you see a bunch of demand come into ERCOT or not, the back end of the curve actually looks like a place where we would be buyers, right? So 2027 and 2028 summers look cheap. The market itself is constructive or would be constructive and we think these are the right levels for us to step in because we think they’re undervaluing what the curve looks like and that’s before you add demand. So I’m pretty bullish on what you -- what the market looks like. We feel very strongly about where our portfolio is and we think that our retail business will continue to churn out the earnings that it’s done over time. So I’m not very concerned about that curve.
Rob Gaudette: Larry covered it. This is for our portfolio. These assets were designed, built and planned to support the retail portfolio, regardless of what we see kind of long-term. We have a long-term consumer-facing business and we support that.
Rob Gaudette: So, Angie, as we consider the sites and the strategy that we do with the sites, right? So, as we disclosed before, two-thirds of those, at least, are up in PJM, where we don’t play with generation quite as much as we do down in Texas. All of the answers that Larry and I just gave were in reference to the three newbuild projects that are on the way. When I think about the sites themselves, if we have an opportunity to build generation on one of those sites, and it’s for a customer, then we obviously will be thinking about PPAs and different structures to support the capital for those.
Rob Gaudette: Hey, Steve. It’s Rob. We don’t talk about it often, but we also do manage to the downside. The great thing about our portfolio is that we have those assets that we can turn down in markets that aren’t constructive, like you’ve seen for the last two quarters. As far as the way we look forward into the year, we contemplate both up and down scenarios in where we feel we’re going to land on guidance.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. So when you -- so the BRA print for this last auction is indicative of kind of the supply demand structure that we kind of see across the country. So it’s going to provide additional dollars towards generation. We don’t have a very large portfolio in PJM, so it is what it is. On the C&I and retail sides, think about our consumer business is very short-term, so don’t expect a lot of impact there. And then on the C&I side, we contract with these guys and depending on what changes in the markets, we can use change in law depending on what happens if we chose. But as we look at the impacts to the book on the retail side, it’s de minimis state. It’s nothing that I would even talk about.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah. No. Obviously, the one thing I would add to the math or as you think about like the value of these assets, flexible gas generation is a function of both power price, but it’s also a function of volatility, right? And so the volatility curves, which are not very transparent, you can’t see them by looking into megawatt daily, those are still up. And so the value of these projects as something that can move around with our load continues to support us developing them and putting them into the portfolio.
Rob Gaudette: Hey. It’s Rob. So, the print is constructive as it comes to actually highlighting the supply-demand picture in the market. So I think that’s a positive. We have newbuild sites, which regardless, or we have sites, regardless if you newbuild them or not, that print is definitely supportive in the overall value as we think about them from a development perspective, whether that’s for load or for generation. The one thing I would tell you, David, is that one print isn’t going to get a bunch of generation running into the market. So I wouldn’t expect to see a whole bunch of people applying to build generation based on one PJM print. But we do have another mark in December, which I expect would be supportive and so the supply dynamics in PJM aren’t going to improve anytime soon. But I believe that ultimately competitive energy players are rational and will build when it makes sense.
Rob Gaudette: So there’s two challenges in PJM. One is PJM specific and that’s the interconnection queue, right? It’s very deep and very slow and so it’s probably frustrating a lot of people. The second piece is the one that is a global issue, which Larry alluded to earlier, which is if you want to build a power plant today and you’re not in the queue, you’re not going to get anything on the ground before 2030. So demand is coming faster than that supply window. So I expect tight markets, both from a capacity and an energy perspective, over the next several years.
