Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. I want to provide some closing thoughts on Slide 13. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on all our strategic priorities. As we have done in the past, over the remainder of 2022, our team will work tirelessly to improve our results. I am confident we have built the right platform and have the right strategy to deliver strong and predictable earnings and create significant shareholder value. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Felicia, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Well Julien, let me start with the retail engine. I mean, as you can see on the numbers, it is incredibly, incredibly strong. Customers are in this environment, I described them as a flight to safety and obviously, Elizabeth can talk a little bit more about that. But when I think about the supply strategy, you really need to think about, okay, what is the retail that I need to serve and what is the supply that better serves that retail. It always starts with that. Now we have been in a path where we don't want to rely completely on our own generation to supply our retail. We want to make sure that we have a supply strategy that is diversified. And that was the big lesson learned from Winter Storm Uri. We don't want to have a single point of play there [ph]. So what you should expect in the future is a combination of our own generation and third-party megawatts to supply our retail loan.  Now on the generation side, obviously we are -- we always have invested in the fleet. Right now, I think the maintenance CAPEX that we have on the fleet per year is in the order of $200 million. But we have to recognize that the generation fleet has been going through a period, almost a 10-year period of very low gas prices. And our maintenance CAPEX is sized according to that, right. Not every megawatt matter in a $2 or $3 gas price environment. Now that it is resetting itself to much higher natural gas and power prices we're going to right size our maintenance CAPEX to make sure that every megawatt is available because every megawatt matters at a dollar per MMBtu. So that's the first thing that I will say on the generation side.  Now on the third-party megawatts, we actually use a combination of things. The first one is we have PPAs. We started that with wind and solar and now we have expanded that to storage and some gas peakers. And I can talk to you about the opportunities that we have within our own fleet for those gas peakers and how do we partner with other people on that. We have tolling agreements, we have bilateral physical contracts, we have financial hedges. So it is a combination of things that allow us to just have a very diverse supply strategy. Now remember, the main difference between own generation and third party is that on our own generation, we are exposed to operational risk. And on the third-party megawatts, we're exposed to counterparty risk. But the attributes of those megawatts are basically the same. It is just what type of risk you want to carry.  So as I think about in the future, the strategy of relying on third-party megawatts is completely consistent with how we see things in the future. We're seeing more wind, more solar, we're going to start seeing more storage, and we want to make sure that our supply is keeping up with the transition that we're seeing in the electric grid, right. So just relying on our generation portfolio, is not keeping up with the transition that we're seeing in the market. And that's why this combined strategy of own generation and third-party megawatts, I think, is the right strategy to better serve our load.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Correct. So when you think about the PPA strategy, we started with wind and solar, and this is really bringing new megawatts to the market. We provide them long-term contracts because our retail supply, our retail low, and we can actually bring these new megawatts to market because they can now finance those power plants. We're now extending that to storage, and we actually are running RFPs on storage that gives us a lot of visibility in terms of what's in the market. For now, we have expanded that to gas peaking. And the gas peaking, not only we need to -- we can rely on developers but keep in mind, we already have a lot of brownfield opportunities within our sites. And I will tell you today that we've been working over the last year and half in identifying new projects. We actually have one that is show already fully permitted. Another one is right behind it. And right now, we want to explore potential partnerships where we can bring capital from other entities, we can take the offtake and we can be also the developer since we have a long history of power plant development. So I think it can be a win-win for everybody. So we don't need to use our own capital to develop these plans and still benefit from this incremental megawatts in the grid.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean there will be a combination of things, Shar. As Alberto pointed out, I mean, we're looking at -- and we've been working on this because as part of the transitory items, we wanted to mitigate also those transitory items. So we've been working on this throughout the year. That is -- do we have the opportunity for onetime cost savings, obviously, the Direct Energy synergies, we feel very comfortable with the number, but we are now looking at spicing that and working on it. Obviously, we need to make insurance proceeds and whether we can accelerate some of these insurance proceeds, and Alberto already mentioned some of that. Look, I mean, that's not completely dependent on us, but that doesn't mean that we're going to work hard to accelerate that. And then -- so I would say that some are some of them are levered. I also want to mention that we run this business for cash. And I think the sale of Watson, it is an example of us being completely focused in monetizing the value of our portfolio. And if we can accelerate some of the divestitures of noncore assets, we're going to continue to do that, to bring cash in this year to make up for the cost of the unit insurance outage. So there is a number of things that we're doing Shar to make up for the lost earnings of the Unit 8 outage.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I'll turn it over to Elizabeth for kind of the East Texas split, but I will tell you that the -- I mean, the retail engine is really, really strong. And as I said in the previous answer, we're seeing a flight to safety and our brands are that flight to safety. So we're seeing really, really strong numbers, but Elizabeth, can you provide additional detail.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael. So I think in the last earnings, I provided an indication of our hedge for 2023. And if you recall, that one had against the expected law that we have for 2023 half comes from third-party megawatts about half comes from our economic generation. And then we have an economic generation that is maintained as insurance, our own uneconomic generation. So there is a co -- it's just a lot of combination in that third-party megawatts. We have some tolling agreements with combined cycle plants. We have some heat rate options with peakers, we actually have some heat rate options with -- or actually out-of-the-money call options from the financial market. So there is a combination of tools that we have to be able to manage weather variability in any given year. Now as you mentioned, I mean, the second quarter was pretty extreme. We always plan for some weather variability but what we actually saw in the Spring and July is record-breaking heat in Texas. And while we manage for some variability, it is incredibly expensive to manage for all weather variability now. Now perhaps one of the lessons learned here is as we think about 2023 and given that we have a lot of time to plan for how to set up the portfolio for that year, I expect that we're going to buy a little bit more insurance for extreme weather than in the past. And I think that's -- I mean, that's going to be the prudent thing to do given what we're seeing in Texas. I mean the peak -- the record peak was broken by, I think, 5,000 megawatts. I mean the old peak was 75,000. Now the new peak is close to 80,000 megawatts. I mean year-over-year 7%, 8% increase. I mean, that's pretty significant. And I think we need to recognize that. Perhaps we're going to see greater weather, extreme weather events, and we need to plan for it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, well, absolutely. So two things on that, if demand is growing at 3% to 4% a year, that's really good for us because if we maintain our market share, that means we're growing our retail business, and that's really, really good, and that's what we want to see. Now obviously, we need to make sure that we keep up our supply strategy with that incremental demand. And the way we're going to do it is, one, as I mentioned, I think there is an opportunity for us to bring new megawatts in some of our current sites and those would be primarily gas peaking and energy storage. And we are -- as I mentioned, we already have at least one project that is being fully permitted and is shovel-ready and now it's just a matter of what's the right partner to bring into the table. We have another one that is right behind it and is in the process of getting permitted. And I'm sure that -- and I will tell you, the team is already looking at other opportunities where we can bring storage there. So I think you're going to see us participate on that new dispatchable quick-start generation opportunity in our sites, but not necessarily with our capital. And we will be the off-taker. In addition to that, we're going to continue bringing new wind and solar and energy storage as we have done already with our current PPA. So we're looking at these in kind of these two ways, bring new megawatts that are viable [ph] cost in the form of wind, solar and perhaps storage. And bring contract also with new gas peaking dispatchable generation in our existing sites, but not necessarily with our capital.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. I mean, I think, Michael, you need to think about that usage in two contexts weather normalize and then weather affected. And I think what you saw in Q2 is a significant increase in usage per customer because of weather. But we're also seeing an increase in usage per customer because of the electrification of the economy, right. So you can point to electric vehicles, you can point to a lot of different things that are driving this electrification that will increase the usage per capita.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, good morning Angie. Well, I mean, so clearly, this deal could potentially be a positive for nuclear owners, including us. And as you mentioned, I mean, I think everybody is looking at, okay, what is that trigger that will allow us to get the PTCs or not. So that's a moving target. And obviously, that's a moving target with the market, right, like everybody else. So I'm not sure if I can give you that level of specificity in terms of what price is hedged because we look at it on a portfolio basis. But I mean, this is something that we'll start to -- I guess, outlined as this bill progresses and if passed, then we will need to have that level of clarity to ensure that we can support and justify the incremental PTC, but that's something to be worked on.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Angie. So as you mentioned, we always plan for some forced outages and some weather variability. I think the impact here is that the outage was in a pretty large coal unit close to 600 megawatts with prices where they were in the forward market starting in May. That unit is pretty deep in the money. So as you mentioned, I mean, the coal conservation that we have was really in the shorter months and perhaps in some of these shorter hours. But in the peak hours, this unit was expected to be there to help manage and supply our load. The unique situation here is both happened at the same time. We had a forced outage on a large coal unit exactly at the time when we had record-breaking heat, and that really goes outside of kind of this planning area that we look at. So this was the combination of these two very extreme conditions. And it's not like we don't plan for it, but we don't plan the intersection of both of them exactly as we're leading into the summer.  Now we use some of our uneconomic generation, and it was very effective, but this uneconomic generation that we have, some of the gas peakers, they come at a really high cost given where the natural gas price is today. So if you're at $8, $9 gas and you're deploying 12, 13 peak rate peakers, the cost of that is pretty high, although it -- us from buying the cap, for example, but it's still pretty high compared to where the cost of generation is for our coal plant. Anything to add, Alberto.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean we're a value -- yes, Steve I mean we're going to evaluate these. But obviously, if your plants are a lot more profitable than they were, let's say the last five to six years under a low gas environment, they can support incremental maintenance CAPEX. And not only they can support, it's advisable, right. Because right now, every megawatt counts. Before we had a lot more megawatts that were marginal and we don't necessarily need it to have that maximize the output of the plant. Now we really need to maximize the output of the plant. And look, the capacity factors, the amount of time that these plants are going to run are going to be more than they have been in the past, and we need to take that into consideration. So I would say that there will be an increase. I don't think it's a step-up change from the maintenance CAPEX. But it is -- we need to right size it to the amount of run hours that the unit is going to have, number one. And number two, for the profitability of the plant, right. So every megawatt counts, and I want to make sure that we have it available when we need them.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. I mean the -- I mean the two big ones is what is the impact on wind and solar, renewable energy, and what is the impact on nuclear, right. So, on wind and solar we can see a reengagement and an acceleration of renewable development which we have benefited from and our team is ready to start the conversation with developers again. And then on the nuclear side, we're going to be looking at what is the benefit that we can have with our SPP facility. And like every other nuclear generator in the country, I'm sure that they're starting to do the math to figure out how do we benefit from these production tax credits. So I would say those are the two big areas where we are focused on and that can impact our business.
