Ed Muller: Thanks very much Dennis and good morning everyone. I'll start on slide 5 with an update on our pending merger with NRG, which we announced on July 22nd. First, let me reiterate that the merger will be like the merger in 2010 of Mirant and RRI that created GenOn when the combination will create substantial value for the stockholders of both companies. Key elements of that value creation will be $175 million of annual cost savings, $25 million of annual operational efficiency synergies and $100 million of annual balance sheet efficiencies. Second; about one hour ago, the stockholders of both GenOn and NRG approved the transaction by various substantial majorities. Third, we now require only two remaining approvals prior to closing that from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and that from the New York Public Service Commission. We continue to expect to close the merger by the first quarter of 2013. Turning to slide 6, I'll address several highlights for GenOn. Since it became clear that various environmental rules will lead us and others to deactivate plants, we've noted that a consequence of those deactivations will be a reduction of supply to meet, reducing supply inexorably means higher prices and that is good news for a supplier like GenOn. As we've previously announced on October 1st, we deactivated seven units with collectively 762 megawatts. Those seven units ran hard during the heat waves this past summer. They will not be part of the supply next summer. In February, we announced various unit deactivations to take place through 2015 because our forecasted returns on investments necessary to comply with environmental regulations are insufficient. We regularly assess our deactivation plans to determine whether incremental investments might be justified or whether previously assumed investments are still appropriate. Based on that assessment, we've concluded that the return on the necessary investment in unit 8 at Gilbert in New Jersey is insufficient and now plan to retire the unit in January 2015. This retirement will reduce our capacity by 90 megawatts. Notwithstanding the heat waves and significant demand on our fleet, I'm pleased to report that our plants have been running well. I'm also pleased to report that we did not suffer any material damage from Hurricane Sandy. I'm also once again pleased to report the construction of Marsh Landing in Northern California continues to remain on schedule to be completed by mid 2013 and the project remains on budget. During more than a year and a half on construction and with over 350 construction workers currently on site, we have yet to have a single OSHA-reportable safety incident. Turning to slide 7, we show our hedges as of October 8, both of the fleet and for our baseload coal. Our approach has not changed and you can see that for our baseload coal, we're always fully hedged for this year, heavily hedged for next year and 2014 and less hedged but nevertheless somewhat hedged for 2015 and 2016. The open white box in the power column for 2012 represents a decrease from what we last showed you and the change results from higher expected generation. And with that, I'll turn things over to Bill Holden to walk you through the numbers.
Ed Muller: Thanks, Bill. I'll turn to slide 12 to sum up. The big news for GenOn is the pending merger with NRG. The merger will deliver substantial and immediate value to the stockholders of both companies. That value will come from $300 million in annual synergies and balance sheet efficiencies, from the creation of the largest competitive power company in the nation with approximately 47,000 megawatts of capacity and from geographical diversity. We are making good progress and getting the various approvals we need to close on the first quarter of 2013. We're also pleased that our generating fleet has been performing well, especially during the heat waves this past summer in the East. And we're very pleased that Marsh Landing remains on schedule and on budget. Now Claudia, we're ready for questions.
Ed Muller: We have two approvals remaining that we need, having obtained everything else. One if from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the second is from the New York Public Service Commission and there's no date specifically that I can point you to, other than to say that these are moving along and we don't expect any issues here.
Ed Muller: I think there are two major regulatory initiatives that would affect the – how coal plants in particular either stay in service or are deactivated MATS and CSAPR. And as we have said before, the impact of CSAPR while adverse to us was a short-term phenomenon superseded by MATS which while it requires in the case of MATS deactivations for economic reasons, the net we expect overall is actually a positive because of the constraint that will be coming in on supply, not just -- we will not be the only ones and are not the only ones deactivating plants. So CSAPR to remind you is being reheard on [DOCC] in the District of Columbia Circuit and what that will be in its timeline I don't know. But given just where it fits and the effective date for MATS, which is April 2015, surely MATS that is of any significance and our assumption frankly regardless of who had won the election is that MATS will take effect. There are challenges to it pending, but we are not challenging it and we do think it will remain in effect.
Ed Muller: I'm going to let Bill answer, but I will remind you that given the announcement on July 22nd of our planned merger with NRG, we suspended guidance and so we're being very careful not to slip and slide back into giving guidance.
Ed Muller: Well, I'm not clever enough to know whether the forward curves are right or wrong. They are what they are and they reflect of course the broad consensus and so we accept them as they are. I do want to reiterate what we said in August during our earnings call and I mentioned it somewhat lightly in this call. We had units that have not been deactivated, over 700 megawatts coal units that were called on and ran during the times when it was very hot in the East, times when not only they run, but everything else we had, CTs and so on, higher heat rate where everything was running and the system performed as it should. Now that we're taken out because we have deactivated the units, including some units that at PJM request we operated through the summer beyond what we had planned to under our model arrangements, they're gone for the future. So if you assume the weather will repeat itself going forward, there's just going to be less supply by definition. And whether the low growth is what it appears to be to in forecast and whether the curves are right or not, the basics of changing supply and changing supply on units that are lower in the sack in terms of heat rate, is going to have an impact. This is simple arithmetic.
Ed Muller: How visible and there are many factors that affect curves, the power curves and the gas curves, supply, economic concerns, concerns on the so-called fiscal cliff and so on. But as I look out and as we look out and say, ultimately prices are determined by supply and demand. Now, the demand that you've spoken to but supply we are seeing significant changes in the supply and we are – the units we've just deactivated had a lot of run time and some of the units that we look to deactivate between now and the spring of 2015 will run heavily during that time without going unit by unit having looked this morning. Here we are in November and some of those units are running and running full out. So a day will come when they will not be there.
Ed Muller: I won't go beyond saying that -- as we've said in July, we expect that we will close this merger and complete it by the first quarter of 2013 and we remain confident that we will close this merger by the first quarter of 2013.
Ed Muller: The negotiations are still underway and as a result of that, we won't comment further on that. When they're done, we'll be happy to talk about them.
Ed Muller: I don't know. We are, like any participant in the market, watching it carefully and having developed and built and currently been building – constructing a power plant. Every detail has to be worked out generally before projects can be financed and go forward and I don't know particularly where they are, but I don't think I've seen any steel going up in the air.
Ed Muller: Well, we do have facilities in New Jersey that were affected. A lot of debris and so on and we will have some work to do. We have no material impact and we shouldn't expect any material impact.
Ed Muller: There's been an effort as I think is probably like that PJM working with a number of market participants, including GenOn. It has developed a proposed – some proposed revisions to MOPR which would have the system function I think more fairly and appropriately and eliminate the possibility of subsidies affecting how the market operates, which is for anyone who has studied basic economics how this thing ought to operate. This will require ultimately the approval of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and I think the breadth of the group that worked on this with PJM demonstrates that it has good broad support and I am generally optimistic that these changes should go forward, but they of course are subject to the approval of the commission.
Bill Holden: Thanks Ed and good morning everyone. I'll begin on slide 9. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $321 million, which is an increase of $65 million from Q3 last year. Adjusted EBITDA was up principally because of a higher contribution from California, primarily resulting from higher capacity prices. Adjusted EBITDA also was up because of lower project outage and maintenance expenses. These amounts were partially offset by lower energy gross margin from generation in Western PJM/MISO and lower capacity prices in PJM. For the year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA was down 72 million compared to the same period last year. Energy gross margin was down by 248 million as compared to the same period for 2011, principally from lower generation resulting from contracting dark spreads in Eastern PJM and Western PJM/MISO. Contracted and capacity was down 22 million compared to the same period last year, as lower capacity prices in PJM were only partially offset by higher capacity prices in California. These amounts were partially offset by higher realized value of hedges and lower operating and other expenses. The increase in realized value of hedges resulted primarily from lower power prices, partially offset by lower fuel prices. The reduction in operating and other expenses resulted primarily from lower project outage and maintenance expenses of 33 million, Mirant/RRI merger cost savings of 12 million as well as a $10 million reduction in contractor and consulting fees. Turning to slide 10, slide 10 summarizes debt and liquidity for GenOn at September 30, 2012. Total debt outstanding was a little over $4.4 billion. The increase of 93 million since June 30th was attributable to 95 million of new borrowings on the Marsh Landing credit facility slightly offset by term loan amortization of 2 million. Total cash and cash equivalents was over 1.8 billion of which approximately 1.7 billion was held at GenOn or its subsidiaries other than GenOn Mid-Atlantic REMA. Including availability under the revolving credit facility, total available liquidity was just over $2.4 billion. Funds on deposit at September 30th were 394 million. In connection with the deactivation of Potomac River that Ed mentioned, I would also note that we received in October of the $32 million that had been held in escrow. Turning to slide 11, this slide presents a breakdown of our projected capital expenditures for 2012 and 2013. Note that the amounts in this table reflect the expenditures for the full year 2012 and include expenditures made for the year-to-date. The 108 million shown for compliance with the Maryland Healthy Air Act reflects the settlement with Stone & Webster that was announced earlier this year. Other environmental expenditures are estimated at $38 million this year and a $118 million for 2013. Construction expenditures include the estimated amounts for the construction of our Marsh Landing generating facility, which will commence operations in mid-2013. Other construction expenditures are primarily related to the ash beneficiation facility which is now operating at our Morgan Town plant. With that, I'd turn the call back over to Ed to wrap up and open the call for questions.
Bill Holden: The California capacity increase relative to Q3 of last year related to contracts that were put in place in the 2007-'08 timeframe, so I'm not sure why it would have been an upside surprise while we've suspended guidance, if you look at guidance that we've given in previous periods. That capacity value would have been included in the guidance.
Bill Holden: I think and Rob may elaborate on this, but I think what we have seen is generation volumes have been up. And so Rob, you might want to just comment on what we've seen.
Bill Holden: Brandon, this is Bill. The one other thing I might add just thinking about your question on capacity. We do have a page in the appendix that shows the fixed contracted capacity and so I think that all give you sort of the current outlook for the fixed contracted capacity through 2016.
Bill Holden: Yeah, I'll tell you the – let me just find page 18. The Gilbert 8 is not in the 147, so essentially what we have seen is that we refined our estimates for what the cost of compliance in New Jersey will be. And so the 147 million reflects two things, it reflects our refined cost estimates to add SCRs to the CTs, but we also as part of refining those estimates took into account that in order to – when we add the SCRs to the CTs, there would have been additional work done at the Gilbert unit 8 in order to keep the plant operating and combined cycle mode. And it was those expenditures that were not economic, so we've taken them out of the CapEx.
Bill Holden: No, the two impairments we took were at Portland and Titus and the background there is that we've viewed the merger announcement as a trigger event that required us to do an impairment analysis for all of our plants. And we did that during Q3, and then the two plants that were impaired where Portland units 1 and 2 and Titus. And essentially the way to the think about that is those were plants where we have announced plans to deactivate them. And so when we did the impairment analysis in light of current forward curves, there was an indication of impairment, so we wrote them down to their current fair value.
Bill Holden: Ali, I think it's the same answer if we're – since we're not updating guidance to kind of reconcile back to prior guidance within the quarter I think sort of does the same thing. And I don't think I have a lot more color to shed there.
Bill Holden: Jon, this is Bill. I don't think there's anything unusual going on there. As a reminder, the dollars related to the Stone & Webster settlement had previously been placed on funds on deposits. So there were taken out of cash and cash equivalents when on that time and then when the settlement was finalized, the dollars and funds on deposit were used to pay the settlement amount to Stone & Webster and then the excess dollars came back in the cash and cash equivalents. I think that's the biggest moving part other than just cash from operations for the year-to-date. Gary, is there anything else you can think of there.
Rob Gaudette: Yeah, sure. I mean if you looked back over Q3 or just in the price movement since the last time we talked, prices are up. We saw a lot of generation that, kind of to your question and to our expectations that we weren't expecting and it's because of some heat activity that occurred in Q3 where more generation than was expected was needed. And our units performed during that time period and were called on during that time period where the forward markets may not have expected that. Including me, I wouldn't have expected that. Overall, we've seen without going into what we see in guidance, you can look at the price curves, natural gas is up and I think you can kind of draw your conclusions from that.
Rob Gaudette: I am happy to say that I am not an electrical engineer. I really don't – I know that transmission has been useful for long-haul fixes and the transmission companies know the best way to fix some of these markets, but the thing to walk away from is that the distribution grids that have been set up around major cities like D.C. or New York or whatever, has been built around these big stations. And so – we're not talking about small lines, we're talking 500 kV lines, we're talking stuff down two or three different levels. These plants have been built purposely to support that load. And I don't know if the economics makes sense to put in the transmission line to adjust for a gas to coal spread that moves every day. I'm just not that expert.
Rob Gaudette: Okay. So on the – let's just take the second question first. As far as coal supply goes, we did go into a force majeure earlier in the year and then we came out of that. We lifted it. We're working with our suppliers as far as working out carryovers and all that. We have coal in the ground. It's not as – we're not full to the gills like we were before, when we had -- for safety reasons to clear force majeure, additional runs, normal runs as opposed to very low runs like we saw in the spring have helped that. Going forward, I think our supply is in good shape and I'm not worried one way or the other as far as too much or too little supply.
Rob Gaudette: It ranges by plants. I don't recall giving out that in the past, but I can give you a range. It runs from call it 10 to 15 days at a smaller plant up to 65 to 70 for a larger plant if that helps.
Rob Gaudette: Okay. And then as far as heat rates, I'm not going to talk about what my view of the heat rates are going forward, but what I can tell you is that we have seen and I'm sure you've seen drop offs in the heat rates and the forward curves between July and now to the tune of between 0.1 to 0.2 in the front years out to about 0.5 point in the back rather than me speculate what that means and kind of getting in trouble with Ed around giving guidance, I'm just going to say it is what it is.
