David Crane: Obviously, Dan, it's a good question, it's a hypothetical question. I mean, I think if we do not get awarded the loan guarantee at this time, probably what we would do and this is first addressing your characterization as a cold stop, is that and we would have to see what the cost of this would be. But we would probably shut down everything except we might keep the license process going. Our initial estimate is just see the license through would cost less than $10 million a year. And given where we are and the fact that certainly, one thing we would be doing would be trying to mitigate the amount we've spent through sort of selling the intellectual property to other people who might want to be pursuing that type of project. We probably would try and carry through to get the license done, unless it was too expensive. Apart from that, if they came back a year from now, when the -- further money has been authorized and said, you can have your loan guarantee now and we basically wound down everything, we would have to look at them. We would have to look at the circumstances at the time. One thing is when you unwind an effort like this, as they say, it's hard to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. So I wouldn't be overly confident that we could come back and resurrect the project a year from now.
David Crane: Well, I think there's a lot of work being done. I think there are a lot of people in Washington, Certainly, people in our end and I would presume on Constellation, that are suggesting various ways that this dilemma could be solved. And additional appropriations outside the normal budget cycle is probably most prominent on that list, as the government does do appropriations outside of the budget cycle. And while the amount of money that we would be talking about, the shortfall of the $14 billion needed minus the $10 billion they have, $4 billion sounds like a very large number. My understanding of the appropriations that they would actually have to put through the process, would actually just be essentially the cost of the loan premium, which is a number that I've heard -- that less than $100 million. So that is definitely not insurmountable. But at this point, I'm not in a position to preclude any of the variety of ways that people inside and outside the government have suggested that, for the government to resolve this conundrum. We'd be happy with any of the ones that work.
David Crane: Ameet, it's very to do this without sort of going through a spreadsheet. And we would be happy to make a best effort at doing that. Because one of the problem is, with development is that the money being invested at this stage is neither very valuable or it's really worth nothing. It's fairly binary. I mean, what I would tell you is on its phase, us paying $80 million to CPS for their 40-some percent interest that we're gaining from them. Obviously, TEPCO paying $280 million to get 18% of project, one looks much better than the other. But it's really hard to compare. As you say, then you have this sort of present value, what the carried interest that CPS would have starting in 2017. So we will try and put some thing like that together. But it's very much an apple and orange comparison.
David Crane: Well, I think it's a very, very good question, Neel. And I would say that I think the chance of the DOE and I could be wrong about this. Again, it's the government and I'm not necessarily an expert. But certainly, we have never gotten any indication from the DOE that they would do that. Because if you think about the government's position, the people at the DOE and then the government generally have worked this hard on this over the last couple of years as we have. And I think that the last thing that the government wants to do is announce two partial awards, two $5 billion awards for two companies that were seeking $7 billion. And then have both companies respond the next day by essentially suspending their project. Because while $5 billion sounds like a large number, if you think of the delta between the $5 billion and the $7-plus billion, that's an enormous amount of equity to raise. And so we again, we cannot speak for Constellation even though I've tried to do that several times during this call. But on behalf of NRG and NINA's perspective, we have run the numbers and we've conveyed to the government that we cannot go forward with half of the existing money.
David Crane: As you could tell from my -- the way that I expressed it. I take TEPCO's investment to be the full amount, which is essentially paid in two stages. There are no conditions precedent, attached to the second piece, the second tranche. But obviously, and as you saw the way it was structured, they are paying $30 million as part of the first payment in order to have that option. So certainly, legally, contractually, they have the right to stick at the original amount. But certainly, I have no expectation that if the project is proceeding, they will do that, they will come forward with the second portion. Because the comfort zone in terms of the size of the project they wanted was in the 20% range.
David Crane: Chanel, I think that as you say we're done. We appreciate everyone taking the time this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you very much.
Jason Few: We don't give margins between Mass and C&I. But overall, we talked about our margins in the November Analyst Meeting, we talked about being able to maintain $20 margins throughout 2010. And obviously to the first quarter, we've been able to perform better than that. But we really do try to manage against the value equation and take the opportunities when they present themselves to perform better than we outlook back in November. And so during the first quarter, we're able to achieve that between both the Mass and the C&I business.
Jason Few: Sure, David. We saw a colder winter than normal in Texas. And so that created an opportunity for us against not only our month-to-month customer base but our fixed-price customers on the Mass side, actually, expand margins given the lower gas prices. And so the one thing about weather is that it has more of an immediate impact in our performance even though we've showed strong results with respect to our attrition rate on our customer count. Weather has had a much bigger impact on our first quarter results given the colder winter.
Jason Few: What I'd like to do maybe we can take that offline and I'll take you through it in some more detail.
