David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk, and thank you, Mauricio. Steve, I think we'll just take it straight to questions if you want to open the floor.
David W. Crane: Well, Neil, just -- because I like to answer questions literally and accurately, your question sort of shifted from the beginning to the end. I mean, on the organic versus inorganic, one of the things that I always liked about this company is that we're constantly having our own opportunities to grow the business from within and those require capital. Historically, less capital less soon than, obviously, acquisitions, but it's nice to have an organic growth strategy, and we have that both on our conventional side and on our renewable side. In terms of acquisitions, I don't think that you can really sense a pattern from Gregory. I know that you know from previous comments, we've always said that we feel that we have more of a competitive advantage, in terms of acquisitions, on bigger transactions rather than fewer, in large part because there are just fewer buyers on the bigger stuff and we can get sort of more cost synergies out of the bigger things and, certainly, some of the financial buyers. So Gregory was -- I can't remember when was the last time we were successful on a one-asset acquisition, but we were pleased with the price we paid and we're very pleased with the asset. On the generation side, we're -- we are looking across the single-asset portfolio company side, but the only thing that would cause Gregory to be more the future than bigger deals is there are just fewer bigger things out there that may be available to us and may be appealing to us.
David W. Crane: Yes, well, let me just knock off the second one first because it's easy. I like to take the easy questions, Julien, and then give Mauricio a little more time for the slightly more challenging. On California, I don't think there's anything more you can read into it. I believe if you go back and look at actually GenOn's first quarter results from last year, you'll see a negative result for first quarter of 2012. And I know that's counterintuitive, given that the fleet has basically tripled in size in California. But the contracts that people have in California are extremely shaped towards summer revenue. So it looks unusual, but it's not something that we're overly worried about.
David W. Crane: Well, Julien, what I'd say is that we've contemplated everything. I mean, this has been an exhaustive process. We've looked at all the options. We're aware of everything that's going on in the marketplace, at least everything that's visible in the marketplace. And I just -- I alluded to it pretty directly and pretty explicitly, that we would be back to you on this topic before the end of second quarter. I just don't know what else I can tell you, other than just wait a few weeks and the long wait will be over.
David W. Crane: Keith, let -- I'm going to ask Elizabeth Killinger, who runs that business, to answer that question for you.
David W. Crane: That's a good clarification, but -- before the end of -- before June 30, before the end of the quarter.
David W. Crane: Well, Steve, I mean, it's a good question. I'm not sure I ever heard to our contracted assets talk to as bond-like, but I can see your point. Yes -- no, I mean, it's something we're aware of that -- I mean, particularly with the new projects being brought online this year that are contracted, that the company's balance of -- on the wholesale side between assets that are -- what would be characterized as merchant versus contracted is moving more towards the contracted. And I think whether or not the market -- its volume and such is an open question. So certainly, it's something that we have under evaluation.
David W. Crane: It's interesting, Angie, that you asked that question, because I would say, compared to the past and the 10 years I've been here before, where we used to talk about the fact that we would like a bigger base portfolio in PJM and there was the time when we would talk about how we really needed a load-falling [ph] asset down in South Central. Pretty much in terms of the real needs of the generation portfolio, we like where we are. I mean, we bounced away from Texas a little bit. And obviously, you can tell in the first quarter this year that, that helped us already. So to us, we're -- one, as we consider things, it's very much look for value where there's value to be obtained. We have no intrinsic desire to expand our geographic footprint from where we are. But if we could do that at extraordinary value, we would consider that as well. But -- so I think there is nothing that you need to be concerned about that we're going to reach out to and sort of pay a big number for and then sort of try and justify it on the grounds that it was strategic. Boy, well, I thought that was a good answer. I mean, did you not like that answer? The disappointment in your voice is palpable, Angie. So I'm not sure that that's the best way to end the quarterly earnings call, but given that we have to hold you to the 2 questions protocol. Steve, operator, I think that's it. So, everyone, we very much appreciate you taking the time to be on this call. And as I've mentioned at least a couple of times now, we don't know exactly the forum that we're going to be speaking to you but we expect to speak to you on at least 2 topics before the end of the second quarter, which we defined as the last day in June. So thank you very much, and have a good day.
Christopher S. Moser: Got it. Neil, apologies, but we haven't had a history, and we don't intend to now, of discussing any specific strategies or tools that we use on that side. So I'm going to leave it there.
Christopher S. Moser: Brandon, this is Chris Moser. And just to add to that, I would mention that if you're comparing how many -- how much it takes for us to move from 59% to 66% today versus this time last year, it's a much bigger -- we have to sell a lot more to get there, and now we're not quite double what we were before. So -- and not to mention the fact that gas is moving up and our deltas were moving up. The entire -- to move the portfolio 5% to 7% is also just a much bigger outright sale that has to happen. So just to give you that perspective as well.
Christopher S. Moser: You got it. This is Chris. I think in the last earnings call, Mauricio mentioned that our outlook on the PJM auction, I think we covered that already. I think the one piece I'll throw out there is that, with Kirk just doing the MOPA ruling last week, I think that we've -- that was part of our calculations and kind of -- we're disappointed about it, but it was within our expectations. So I don't think it changes what we said in the last earnings call. That's about -- that's all I've got incrementally [ph].
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, Brandon, that's a -- I mean, that's a good observation. I mean, you can have quarter-on-quarter changes that not ultimately reflects the overall profitability of the position that we take. And I think that was -- that is the case in a lot of the optimization strategies that we utilize to fully extract the value of the portfolio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, keep in mind that 2014, we actually layer in significant amount of hedges. But as you can appreciate with gas prices moving up, so are our economic generation. So the move from 59% last quarter to 66%, if everything else would have -- being constant, it would have been higher. Keep in mind that we just had more generation, I guess, in the money. And it is consistent with our strategic hedging program and our fundamental view. When we saw the price increase in the first quarter, we felt that it was a good opportunity to lock in additional hedges. And as I said, close the dark spread that we initiated early in the year, where we saw an opportunity to buy incremental coal, and we did it. And we believe that we're going to have additional opportunities to do that throughout the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And with respect to the -- I guess, the hedging strategy around Texas, Julien, as you know, we try to look at the natural gas caging [ph] activity or the natural gas component of our portfolios, one, and the heat rates. So with respect to the natural gas component, we tried to lock in as much of the dark spread or baseload gross margin that we have in our portfolio. And certainly, with heat rates, we've been talking about increasing heat rates, given the regulatory changes in our -- to incentivize new-build economics. And that has paid out dividends for us over the past couple of years. Now with respect to the balance of the year, your point about the distribution of the gross margin of the portfolio is correct. I mean, we're seeing much peakier prices in the summer. Q3 is becoming more important relative to the other quarters, and we have taken the necessary steps to benefit from that. We are leaving a long-biased position on our portfolio. We have also increased the hedging on our retail portfolio to better manage or to increase the insurance around volumetric risk or weather risk. So we believe that the portfolio is well positioned to benefit from what we believe is going to be a very tight summer in Texas.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Stephen, this as Mauricio. I think on the last quarter, we tried to, at least, quantify what would be the impact on heat rates and that potential upside, given the retirements that we're expecting due to MACT in 2015 and the New Jersey head. I think we said somewhere in the order of magnitude of $4 to $5 per megawatt hour, just to get to cost of new entry economics. Clearly, that's going to depend on the capacity revenues or the capacity auction results, that we will see later in the month, that will fill the gap to incentivize that -- the new generation that is expected to be required in the '16 to '17 timeframe. So our view hasn't changed dramatically from that. We are expecting somewhat more volatility and, potentially, some upside this summer, given that demand response will potentially set price going into effect this summer. So I would say that that's the short term and the longer-term view that we have in PJM.
