David W. Crane: Well, thank you, Kirk. Erin, I don't -- I think everything has been said, so Erin, if you're -- we're ready for you to open the lines for any questions.
David W. Crane: Jon, I mean, my rough sense is it's about equal. It's not a particularly remarkable outcome, but we will get you the exact numbers.
David W. Crane: But Angie, let me add to what Mauricio is saying because I think if there is any single thing that surprised us in terms of investor and analyst reaction to the proposed combination with GenOn is the extent to which people are interested and even excited about what this greater generation platform in the Northeast will do for us on the retail side, and we are happy with that because we agree with that. But I will tell you, as we have done the evaluation of the combination with GenOn, since the matter first came up a couple of months ago, our first focus was on the cost synergies and the other synergies that were announced 2 weeks ago. And that, the second focus was then on the synergies we could achieve with GenOn just on the generation side of the business. To be frank, no part of the evaluation that the NRG board did or NRG management did said, well, wow, if we own all those other megawatts in the Northeast, we can grow our Northeast retail platform at twice the speed. That's all going to be upside, and we can -- and we will be evaluating that going forward and talk to you more about that. But I would say most of our customers in the Northeast come from Energy Plus, and virtually all of Energy Plus' customers are on month-to-month basis. One of the advantages this allows us to do is they'll make it easier for Energy Plus, through their platform and our other retail platforms, to offer fixed-price contracts. And that's going to be an upside because how many more customers that will attract and the profitability of that we will -- we'll be talking about in the future. But none of that's built in into the basic application of why want to do this transaction.
David W. Crane: Sure. I mean, I think you're right, Dan. The forward spark spreads do not incentivize new build economics. We believe that there is at least $10 per megawatt hour of off-site on the on-peak hours to start getting into that new build economics. And these are not necessarily based on very aggressive overnight cost to build. I mean, I think the range that we have provided is $800 to $1,000 per kW. In terms of the conversations that we have been having with ERCOT and the PUCT is we want to see a well-functioning, competitive market that provides the reliability that the state requires. And I think the Brattle report was very clear that even with the steps that the PUCT have taken in terms of price caps or floor prices on reserves, there is still a gap to incentivize those new builds. And that missing money has to come from somewhere else, whether it's a capacity market or some other form or type of resource adequacy program. And from our perspective, it's going to be -- there's going to be a lot of conversations around that topic. I think a lot of the constituents are recognized that price caps will not get you to the target reserve margin, that you need something else. And over the next couple of weeks, through the ERCOT workshops, I think we're going to be discussing that with other constituents. But I think the -- everybody recognizes that there's got to be something else done to be able to incentivize those new build economics.
David W. Crane: Dan, if I could just add that because -- I never want to predict when government entities or quasi government entities do things. So it's best not to make a prediction on that. But in our conversations with the powers that be down there, they obviously -- as Mauricio says, they do have a sense of urgency about this. So hopefully, whatever happens, will happen in a very timely fashion.
David W. Crane: Well, Gregg, I don't know if there's any magic to the words capacity markets. In California, they have the sort of the resource adequacy, and I think there's a greater sense among the policymakers in Texas. That's something -- can do a capacity market or something that has the same consequences or impact is necessary. But to be frank, we don't really care what it's called, and we don't think it needs to be exactly the same as what they have in PJM or any of the Northeast markets. As long as it's -- it works and sends the right price signal. So that's the type of dialogue we're having with them. And as Mauricio said, we've been very encouraged that there has been some dialogue with the people, the stakeholders in the market with us and we presume, with others, about how things would work and things like that. So I think the historic reluctance to go down that path as a practical manner is modifying. But I mean, I don't think that what ERCOT will end up doing is something that -- it's one day -- I don't think you need to worry that you're going to wake up one day and say, we just adopted the PJM capacity market model full stop. I don't think that's what will happen.
David W. Crane: Well, Julien, first of all, I think that we're obviously going to be active in both. But in the absence of Jason, I would say that I don't think we actually ever have historically said it would be more of a C&I push. I think that we -- it would be -- it's either a little bit more of the retail push, although we have an active C&I capability that's working in the region and doing a good job. I mean, there's been more pressure on C&I margins than there has been on the retail side. So as we have done in Texas, we'll probably to pursue both. But since you said more C&I, I want to push back and say maybe a little bit more mass market.
David W. Crane: Well, Erin, I think we've run over our stay. So I just want to thank everyone for participating in this call. I mean, obviously, we will be back with you for our third quarter earnings call around the beginning of November. But given that we do have the GenOn merger pending and I think there'll be events, approvals and all you'll be hearing from us, and we will obviously be involved in the continuous investor outreach that we're always involved in. And any questions anyone has, please feel free to call Chad and Stefan at NRG's IR group. So thank you all very much for participating, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Mauricio Gutierrez: David, I don't have it handy, but we can get back to you, Jon, and give you the breakdown on the growth.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I think the way we -- we've always portray the, I guess, the synergy value between wholesale and retail and ERCOT, which is what we're trying replicate in the Northeast is, one, the collateral savings that we get by costing generation alone. And then the second is just providing or being more comfortable capturing the low following premium using our retail vehicle as supposed to managing or hedging our portfolio in the wholesale market. So I would say that those are the 2 main drivers, and it is different depending on the market dynamics. But I -- specific numbers, I think it will be very difficult to tell you at this point what is the incremental value. In the past, we have provided some guidance in terms of what are those benefits in Texas, and as we continue to integrate the Northeast platform and expand our retail business in the Northeast, we'll provide you additional clarity on that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, David. I think, at this point, we're not prepared to give information around the growth prospects in the Northeast. I think that is -- Angie, I mean, that's something that we will provide you in the coming months. What I would say and just to characterize a little bit more the growth that we have seen on our retail business, half has been in Texas. Half has been outside of Texas, particularly in the Northeast. Green Mountain, with some of the premium products, have been very effective in the Northeast markets, particularly around the mass customers, so we are very encouraged by those results. But I think you should expect from us more disclosure around our growth prospects in the Northeast. I will say that on the plans that we have provided and the forecast that we have provided today through '14, the growth assumptions that we have are pretty conservative across the retail businesses.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, I think, Dan, if you look at -- and we try to provide some specific examples on the earnings slides. With the gas rally, you're kind of out of the PRB switching area. You're starting to get -- getting closer to the Eastern coal markets. Particularly in Texas, I would say the combination of that and some heat rate recovery, we have seen the reversal of that coal to gas switching that we experienced in January. So I mean, that's what I would say in terms of coal to gas switching. Our expectation and Dan, keep in mind, I mean, natural gas is one component, but the heat rate then, which from our perspective there is a small relationship between heat rates and natural gas, but to a greater extent, heat rates are a function of the finest in the market. Natural gas has all the different drivers. We think that -- we don't expect that to persist, I guess, in balance of the year. And certainly, on the forward market, when you start getting into '13, '14, '15, with gas prices in the high 3s, low 4 territory, I mean, you're significantly out of the PRB switching area.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, if you take the -- your reserve margin as your barometer on how tightly supply and demand, I mean, you're seeing in 2014, basically, single-digit reserve margins, significantly below the 13.75% target from ERCOT. So I think the timeline, I think, in the next couple of months, we're going to see a pretty good conversation around what other steps need to be taken. But I mean, we would be happy to continue this conversation, Dan, in terms of the clarity and the disability that we see in the ERCOT process.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. And Julien, I -- as you know there is a -- I would say that quite a bit of uncertainty about retirement dates, people pulling in and out plants from mobile status and not, so we actually -- in general, we believe that the Northeast either because of the economics that are significantly challenged for the plants or the -- some of the environmental regulations, we believe that the capacity markets will start moving towards a constructive territory. And in terms of the timing, when that's going to happen, I think there is quite a bit of uncertainty. I mean, we saw how, I would say, digital the price can be in New York just by virtue of having one unit, announce mobile, but they're retiring and then taking a second look. So I would say that the -- I think the fundamentals are there, and it's just a matter of determining when that will happen.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Okay, yes. Once you get to 2014, the bulk of those repowering projects were just -- the biggest component of that is our El Segundo project out in California, which is online in 2014. So that contributes to a full boat of EBITDA in 2014. I don't think we've provided specific guidance as to what that is. I think it's -- the best way to think about it is just a little less than $100 million on an annualized basis once it reaches run rate in 2014.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I mean, the bulk of El Segundo or the bulk of the repowering project is El Segundo. I mean, there's some minor degree of capital expenditures around eVgo and some of the new businesses, but the lion share of the EBITDA contribution from the repowering investments comes from El Segundo.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. Once you get out to 2012, the total amount of -- or 2014, I should say. The total amount of debt or the total capital associated with that is about $4.3 billion. Of that number, about $3 billion of that is the total amount of solar debt.
Kirkland B. Andrews: If you go through, Ivanpah, for example, Ivanpah is about $1.5 billion in total debt. We obviously own 50.1% of that particular project. So if you were looking for an allocation of our percentage, it's about half of that. Agua Caliente is just under $1 billion worth of debt, and we own 51% of that by virtue of the transaction with MidAmerican. So you deduct basically half of those 2 components from the total.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. First of all, Keith, in reverse order of your questions, we have the flexibility in the merger agreement to continue to pursue selldowns especially on the larger projects. And I'll view that as a segue to answer your other question. We're certainly continuing to pursue straight selldowns along the lines of what you saw on Agua Caliente. I think if I had to predict that, that is the type of monetization you'd see more along the lines of our larger solar projects, the big 3. And we are also, in parallel, continuing to work on the tax every front, and that's more likely to be the case with respect to some of the smaller projects, for example, the remaining 6 of our Tier 1 solar portfolio. And we'd expect to provide some additional updates on that as we progress in those efforts. But we have full flexibility to pursue both of those opportunities or avenues during the patency of the merger.
