Larry Coben: Thank you, Bruce. On Slide 14, I want to provide a few closing thoughts about 2024, our priorities and our expectations. We are laser focused on delivering on our financial and operational commitments and adhering to our capital allocation principles. We will continue to integrate Smart Home with our energy businesses and deliver on our growth and cost initiatives. All while advancing our energy transition and electrification strategy. I have never been more excited about the future of energy. We are seeing signs of step change improvement in fundamentals across our platform, including the convergence of energy and technology in the home and grid through smart devices and generative AI. We believe this will put a spotlight on the scarcity of the critical products and services we sell and the durability of our platform.  Said bluntly, I believe this step change will signify a change in the depressed valuations for NRG in our sector that have resulted in 20% plus cash flow yields. This will be good for NRG and the sector and its very exciting times. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way.  With that thank you for your time and your interest in NRG. We're now ready to open the line for questions.
Larry Coben: Look, I think that, yes that is the answer. But we'll always come back and take a look at the capital that we do have to allocate. But there's an awful lot of people here in Texas who are willing to spend their money on putting -- on providing storage for us. And that will probably be the optimal use of capital. But as you know, Julien, we always evaluate and reevaluated as we put our supply strategy together to optimize our capital structure.
Larry Coben: No, look Shar, I don't think -- I think we're still looking for a bit person who spans the two types of things that we're doing, consumer and energy, as we said before. We have a terrific committee that's working exceptionally hard. And as I said to you, we had a huge list of candidates when we started, and they are whittling away at that. I think when we talked three months ago, I said three to nine months, and I still would stand by that time frame.  So I guess that would be 0 to 6 months from now, if I do the math correctly. And there's a tremendous number of people who are looking at NRG, are excited by the prospects, are excited by the ability to drive valuation given the incredible cash flow yield given the incredible prospects that we have at the confluence of NRG and Smart Home. And so I'm excited by the people that we're seeing, and I think you will be, too.
Larry Coben: Larry, Angie. So just to clarify, we are not chasing an investment-grade rating. As we've always said, we are making sure that we want to hit the metrics that we believe correspond with an investment-grade rating, but that's not to say that we're necessarily going to be chasing it because ultimately, that is up to the agencies. We talk to the agencies very regularly and they like the path on which we are heading from a credit perspective. It's important to note that when you think about our credit metrics, it's not just debt to EBITDA that the agency is focused on.  They obviously also look at cash flow driven metrics. And so we're kind of triangulating around all of that. Ultimately, whether we get the rating or not, like I said, is not necessarily within our control. But what is within our control is being able to hit those metrics. I'd say, as we sit here today, given as you note where we're going to end up at the end of 2024, we think there's probably some flexibility in 2025 with respect to what our original deleveraging plans were as part of the Investor Day plan, but more to come on that as we move along in the year.
Larry Coben: If I could understand Texas politics, I'd be in a different business probably, Michael, but there's not a legislative session. I think it's fair to say that people are now looking to see whether everything that was passed in the last session is actually going to generate capacity in the state before people start breaking it up again and starting over. The PUC has a lot -- awful lot of work to do just to implement the many things that were passed in the legislature. And I think a combination of those measures plus the tightening market and the improving economics in the market and the expanding margins will probably generate the capacity that Texas will need to meet growth in the foreseeable future. At least that's our view of what's happening in politics. That doesn't mean that people from time to time won't try to use the energy business as a political football. But on balance, we actually see a fair amount of stability on the legislative front.
Larry Coben: I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call today and for your interest in NRG. And I think you can see we are at the most exciting point probably in NRG's history. I think you can hear in the voices of the management and in our actual results, what we have and are planning to achieve going forward. We look forward to speaking with you more in the days ahead. We'll be at the conferences in New York next week. In the meantime, please feel free to reach out to Kevin and Brendan with any further questions that you might have. Thank you all.
Bruce Chung: Sure, hey, Julian, it's Bruce here. So with respect to the 15% to 20%, we still are committed to achieving that 15% to 20% growth in free cash flow before growth per share. We believe that we're increasing both the free cash flow and the EBITDA, as you know. If you look at the '24 number, that's about $150 million above what we had already kind of indicated, as part of the Investor Day plan. So we are seeing drivers, both in the numerator, and then obviously, we remain committed to the capital allocation plan. And so, we're going to also be driving that denominator. So we still remain committed to that 15% to 20%.  With respect to the other question, as we think about 2024, we are basically positioned in the same way as we were in 2023. And so that gives us a lot of comfort, in terms of being able to handle what may be on the -- what may be coming for us from a load perspective. Winter Storm Heather, we performed very well, the fleet performed very well. And so we're pretty confident about where we stand at this stage.
Bruce Chung: Yes, you bet. So in terms of the growth synergies, we feel obviously very good about where we set one year into the plan through 2025. You can think about the mix as roughly 50% is actually driven by organic growth in the business units. We had obviously a strong year in the base business. And the other 50%, driven by a combination of cross-sell and think of it as a share of wallet type initiatives that improved the revenue and margin profile per customer. And so we've had a strong start.  We have a very high degree of confidence for the $300 million given we exceeded our initial guidance in year 1. And then as it relates to the cost side of things. The $100 million in cost synergies are really a function of elimination of two publicly traded companies, and we also exceeded our year 1 target for the cost side. And we have full line of sight to the $100 million by 2025. In fact, we will probably exceed our 2024 target towards that $100 million. And so as we sit here, we feel good on both ends, Durgesh.
Bruce Chung: Ryan, that's probably one that we'll have to just get back to you on to make sure that we get you the right numbers on that.
Robert Gaudette: Sure. So Angie, look, we're excited by the growing demand for power. Like I think that it's real. We know it's real because we talk to a lot of the growth guys, so it's the hyperscalers and others that you've all heard about. We talk to them a lot. And it's exciting for NRG for a couple of reasons. One, we sit in competitive markets, which is where I believe most of this demand growth is going to be. We're going to see expanded margins on our existing fleet, right? So as the product goes up, we're going to see more earnings off of our generation, and we've spent and invested inside of those plants so that we can capture that.  Like Larry said, we've got the three projects that are ready to go. And the other thing to think about, Angie is we've got 21 plant sites across the country. So if this growth continues and we see it mix economic sense, then there's an opportunity there. But ultimately, these guys are going to turn to partners like NRG. As the market tightens, they're going to look for people who've got the expertise that we have. So it's going to be good for the industry, but it's definitely going to be good for us.
Robert Gaudette: So the only thing I would tell you is, recall, we've been working on these for a while. We continue to work today. So we continue to get closer to being able to make final commitments in March, the rules for Texas come out. And then you can expect people to put their names in for the Texas Energy Fund probably June. I would expect that you guys will hear from us as to what we decide. But like Larry said, we're going to -- our capital allocation plan sticks and it all comes down to the financial opportunities that we see in either building the plants or doing something different. And right now, and as you guys have all seen, those plants have flexibility, which is good for how we manage our portfolio and ultimately good for what the grid needs in Texas.
Robert Gaudette: Yes. Thank you. We feel really good about how we exited the year end '23. As you mentioned, with 6% subscriber growth, 11% revenue growth, 17% adjusted EBITDA growth. And really, that's a function of a few things. First is the unit economics of the business are in great shape. If you look at the revenue per customer, the service cost reduction per customer up 21% that really drives an expansion of our service margin. And we expect that increased elevated margin to continue into 2024. As it relates to retention and brand loyalty, we are -- we had amongst our best years ever in terms of retaining our customers with a strong and durable customer relationships. We expect that to continue as well.  And then in terms of the subscriber growth, we expect to be in the mid-single digits from a subscriber growth perspective as well. So we feel good about how the business is set up in '24. If you zoom out, we operate in a large, growing and fragmented market. And our products and services have a very high degree of engagement and loyalty relative to peers. And so we think there is a lot of room ahead for us to continue to grow the business.
Robert Gaudette: It's Rob. Yes. So generative AI is going to load or created additional demand across the markets. The way to think about how that affects the businesses generally is let's start with that expands the margins on our existing generation portfolio and also makes that 1.5 gigawatts more interesting. And then when you think across the other parts of the business, C&I, you're going to see people turning towards bigger players like us, where we've seen it historically, when things get tighter, they run to quality providers.  We're there. And then from a home perspective, a consumer perspective, we've had a retail platform that has historically and will in the future, manage through different commodity cycles. And as prices move, our retail platform, because of the experience we have beyond just being a commodity provider, we do well in those markets, too.
Robert Gaudette: So the -- if you recall, the portfolio is 3 different projects, the speakers, we could get in, in 2 years and starting from whenever we broke ground and then a CCGT takes about 4. So you could expect if we were to go soon 2026 and 2028 would kind of be good years to think about from an additional capacity perspective.
