Bruce Chung: Thank you, Mauricio. NRG built on a solid first quarter with strong results in the second quarter that materially exceeded performance from last year. The company generated consolidated adjusted EBITDA of $819 million in the quarter, which is $433 million higher than the second quarter of 2022. As you can see in the chart at the bottom of the page, legacy NRG results once again included the impact of asset sales and retirements in the second quarter of 2022 totaling $30 million. The quarter also reflected $60 million of benefit compared to 2Q 2022 from the reversal of transitory items such as coal constraints and increased ancillary expenses. Strong performance in our core Energy business resulted in $186 million of uplift from the prior year. That uplift was driven by lower supply costs and improved plant performance relative to 2022. Finally, the remaining year-over-year increase to consolidated results is attributable to Vivint EBITDA of $217 million, which was not included in our 2022 results. Looking at our segments, and starting with Texas, adjusted EBITDA increased by $241 million versus the prior year on the back of higher gross margin of $273 million. As outlined earlier, meaningful unit margin expansion from lower supply costs, coupled with improved plant performance, were the primary drivers for the increase in gross margin. This increase in gross margin was partially offset by increased OpEx from the timing of planned outages and higher insurance premiums. In the East/West segment, adjusted EBITDA declined $25 million versus last year driven primarily by asset sales and retirements. Similar to Texas, gross margin increased year-over-year and lower power supply costs more than offset the negative impact of volume declines due to mild weather. In Q2, Vivint continued to deliver strong financial results contributing $217 million in adjusted EBITDA. Revenue grew 12% year-over-year driven by favorable retention and higher recurring monthly revenue per subscriber which combined with reductions in monthly service cost per customer drove a 14% increase in adjusted EBITDA compared to Q2 2022. Lastly, with average subscriber growth of 7% year-over-year, Vivint recently achieved a key milestone surpassing two million customers. NRG's free cash flow before growth for the quarter was $425 million, a year-over-year increase of $328 million, primarily driven by the increase in adjusted EBITDA. In addition to improved EBITDA, falling gas prices have reduced cash outflows for gas inventory that is typically built in the second quarter. Finally, building on our strong year-to-date results, we are reaffirming our adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth guidance for 2023. Now turning to Slide 12 for a brief update on our 2023 allocation, capital allocation. You will notice that the numbers shown on this slide align with the guidance we gave during our June Investor Day presentation. I would call your attention to the progress we have made so far on debt reduction and share repurchases. Through July 31st, we have paid down $200 million of debt and remain on track to complete our target of $1.4 billion in debt reduction for 2023. Additionally we executed $50 million of share repurchases in July as part of our $2.7 billion share repurchase authorization through 2025. Quickly turning to Slide 13. Our credit profile has not changed meaningfully since our last earnings call. As a result this slide has not substantially changed since our last update except for an update to the adjustments to capture the non-cash fulfillment amortization costs that are included in adjusted EBITDA as a result of the EBITDA harmonization we did last quarter. We remain on track to achieve our 2023 targeted leverage ratio and we reiterate our commitment to achieving investment-grade credit metrics by the end of 2025. Before turning it back to Mauricio, I wanted to be sure to augment his earlier comments regarding our commitment to enhance disclosure especially with respect to Vivint. As part of that commitment, you will see in the appendix of the presentation some new disclosure providing key metrics related to Vivint. We will continue to provide these key metrics on a quarterly basis and we look forward to working with you to help you understand how these metrics drive the financial results of the business. With that, I'll turn it back to you Mauricio.
Bruce Chung: Yes, sure. So when you think about the $186 million, the preponderance of that really came out of Texas, not surprisingly as you think about year-over-year. With the improved plant performance, that's going to translate into a much better setup for us to be able to service our supply obligations appropriately. Just to give you a little bit of context, as you look at the power price landscape year-over-year between the two quarters, you'll see that around-the-clock prices in ERCOT were about 50% lower, which really helped us optimize how we service our load. And then to your point about the question on durability, look, the reality is as long as our plants perform, our margins should be durable and so that's what we continue to intend to do and continue to plan around. So on the East, there was a little bit of – there was some margin expansion as well on the C&I side. We have seen C&I customers sign up contracts at better margins for us, alongside the optimization activities that Mauricio had referred to. So overall, preponderance of it came from Texas but some amount in the East as well.
Bruce Chung: Yeah, David. So as you know, we don't report free cash flow before growth for any individual segment of the company. But based on what we are seeing given the outperformance on the EBITDA side, we would expect to achieve the free cash flow before growth guidance that we had provided in our first quarter earnings call.
Bruce Chung: Yes, Ryan. So, the primary drivers of that reduction, about 50% of that really is a function of fewer truck rolls and reduced supply chain constraints. We probably realized about 25% fewer truck rolls than we had in the past. The other 50% or the other 50% of the favorability really results from the ending of our payments to Alarm.com, which had started towards the -- towards the second half of last year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Bruce. Turning to Slide 15. I want to provide a few closing thoughts on our 2023 priority score card. As you can see, our team has remained focused on execution as evidenced by our strong results for the quarter. Our core energy business is well-positioned for the summer. The integration of Vivint is off to a good start and we're working towards closing the sale of STP by the end of the year. We will remain focused on executing our strategic plan that creates significant shareholder value. I look forward to updating you on our progress. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Jana, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. So Julien in terms of the conversion rates, this is what we've been able to achieve on qualified leads so far. This is higher than what we expected. If you recall our cross-sell target was around a 3% penetration so this is above that. Obviously, this is early, but we're very encouraged by the success that we've had so far. This is Smart Home customers buying Energy and Energy buying Smart Home. With the addition of the DIY system that Vivint introduced we're actually seeing an increase on those conversion rates, because it allows us to have an entry point a cheaper entry point that we can use to up-sell and create more stickiness with the customers. So we're very, very encouraged by what we're seeing so far. At the same time, some of the secondary products like the Protection Plan from Vivint had tremendous success. And that's why when you combine all these with our organic growth we -- I felt compelled to increase our targets for 2023. So we are seeing results faster than what we expected initially. Very, very encouraging. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: So, let me start with the development projects. As you know, we have three development projects that are in late stages of development. I mean, one of them is short already. We have positioned ourselves to capitalize on the market design changes that ERCOT has put forward both in PCM and the new loan program. As I mentioned, we need more clarity on both of these fronts before we can actually move forward with these projects, but I am very pleased with how the team has positioned these projects and they're ready. This is exactly the type of generation exactly the right attributes that we need to manage our loan. This is mid-merit and peaking capacity, so loan following type of attributes. And I'm just very pleased that, the team has put us in this position to be able to make that decision. I think, your second question was around the claims of our partners at STP. Let me be very clear. We believe that, the claims are without merit and we expect to close the sale of our interest in STP by the end of the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Angie. So yes we are keeping – we're affirming our guidance ranges at this point. I have indicated that we're trending toward the high-end of the guidance. Obviously, the third quarter is a very important quarter. We are well positioned for it, our plants are performing well, our supply strategy is working well for us, but we'll have an opportunity to update you on our results in the third quarter call. So far, I am very pleased with how the business has performed across all business segments: Generation Retail Smart Home. And -- but third quarter the summer is very important. Thus you appreciate given the extreme weather that we have seen. But so far, the business is performing very well.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean we have -- remember the full requirement is really C&I. We share C&I customers across Texas and the East. I think Bruce already mentioned that what we are seeing is higher margins because there is greater volatility in the market right both in Texas and in the East. So greater volatility means higher load following premiums which means higher margins on the customers. This is a trend that we are also seeing in our business and again, the changes that we made to our diversified supply strategy are working really well both for C&I, but also for residential customers.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean, we’re seeing top the unit in middle of July. We are working right now through additional testing and as you can appreciate this was basically a rebuild of the entire generator. But I'm confident that we're going to come back end of August. In terms of planning, you're correct. We actually took all the necessary steps to manage our low in the market at really good economics. So I feel that even if Parish comes back at the end of the month, it's not going to have an impact on the guidance that we provided you today.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Jana. And thank you everyone for your interest and your time today and I look forward to speaking with all of you in the days and weeks to come. Thank you.
Rasesh Patel: Yeah. Thank you, Mauricio. You said it well. What we're seeing is customers are more engaged in buying more services in the home. I think you can see through the KPIs that the monthly recurring service margin per customer is up 9% and that's 9% across the entire customer base. When we look at our customer acquisition cohort, it's up more substantively than that and so you can think of this as the increased acquisition cost will drive over $250 of incremental revenue over the life of the customer. And so we feel very good about the engagement level and the margin expansion in the base.
Rasesh Patel: Yes, you bet. We feel very good about where net service cost per subscriber is and we would expect the current rate at which we are to continue. The favorability we've seen is durable and it's a perfect thing when you see customers buying more products and you see higher penetration of your service, while simultaneously you see the cost to serve going down and that's exactly what's driving the margin expansion. And so, we feel really good about the trends and we think that is sustainable.
Rasesh Patel: That's right. So, you can see, if we think -- when you look at this on a per customer basis and we would expect to see this lower rate that we have achieved for both contact rate calls, as well as truck rolls to continue. We've recently started a virtual technician pilot, which really allows us to serve the customers' needs without ever rolling a truck and we're seeing very promising results from that. And so, this is sort of a new benchmark for the business.
