David Crane: Thank you, Chris, and thank you, Mauricio. And so in conclusion, on Slide 28, we put what we think are some of the value drivers around the investment proposition at NRG. And it starts with the fact that 2 1/2 years into the commodity price down cycle, it appears to us that the end is in sight, the bottom of the trough has been reached, and the only way to go is up. When or how quickly gas prices will recover remains open to conjecture, but the case for rising heat rates in our core market of Texas is clear and compelling. And we've positioned our portfolio and our hedge both to benefit from that upturn. Second, even in a political environment that has turned more conservative in the past year, market mandates for renewable generation and for solar power in particular, remain well supported in both the red and blue states. And the result for us has been a fast-growing portfolio of projects that will contribute substantially to shareholder value creation over the short to medium-term. Finally, there's the inherent value unique amongst our peer group of Wholesale generation combined with the leading retail position. While we have executed to such great success in Texas, together with Reliant, we are now in position to replicate with Green Mountain in the fast-growing green and retail energy sector. It's a bright future indeed, and for all of us at NRG, we'll strive to realize its vantage on behalf of the shareholders of NRG. So Deanna, with that, we'd be happy to take some questions.
David Crane: I think what we're showing, Chris, correct me if I'm wrong, is the Tier 1, which are projects, which in my personal estimation are ones that have a 90-plus percent chance of achieving financial closure.
David Crane: Well, so you're saying you're -- Dan, you're actually looking forward to 2016 and '17? Yes, I mean, looking at Page 10, I mean, through the first few years, when we've talked about receiving $500 million of cash, that's based on our view on where gas prices go, which is, obviously, some way up from where they are now, sort of into the $6 to $7 range. Having said that, Dan, we've stressed the returns on the nuclear project from an IRR perspective, sort of $4 gas in perpetuity model. And the IRR in the project, it would still be in double digits, but obviously, the higher gas prices, the better we do. But it works, the numbers work even at a $4 gas environment. And the reason that is the case, Dan, is because, obviously, the tax benefits associated with nuclear project, particularly, the production tax credits, meaning that through the first several years of the nuclear project, the economics are more driven actually by the tax benefits than they are by the price of electricity.
David Crane: In a $4 gas, the plant is, yes. I mean, again, it's a low-teen return. I'm not sure that -- it's not the return we're seeking, but it's not a single digit return or a negative return.
David Crane: Yes, so the returns would be in the teens area in the $4, in perpetuity model. Again, this is based on the idea that we're running a model where there's roughly 1,000 megawatts of power sold by long-term contract, and the rest is taken into the merchant market. So the $4 gas would apply to the 2,000 in the merchant market. And yes, you're right, what it shows is a return in the teens, in that sensitivity. I would also tell you, Ameet, both in response to your question and I should say to Dan, also, we run this with no value associated to the zero-carbon aspect of it, so the price on carbon directly or indirectly would be on top of this.
David Crane: Well, Ameet, almost as a -- I mean, from the beginning, I think that we have said to our investor base that we, at least, would not proceed with the project unless there was a significant amount of long-term offtake associated with the project. And so, roughly 1,000 megawatts has been something we talked about from the beginning. On top of that, Ameet, the conditional loan guarantee, if and when it's announced, it's called a conditional loan guarantee because there are conditions associated with it. And probably the most substantive condition, the condition we would be focused on is that the government would require us to have approximately that same amount of long-term offtake agreement contracted, which was a condition, again that we were happy to agree with the government on since we had said that we wouldn’t go forward with it either. So that's why we would be doing that.
David Crane: And just to add, Ted, I think you phrased the question almost as if it was an either/or, and I guess that may be a little different. I mean, given the company's free cash flow generation and the cash we have on hand, we haven't really seen it as an either/or. In terms of returning capital to shareholders through the share buyback, we do as much as we can under the restrictive payment basket. Over the past years, we've constantly evaluated whether or not we could negotiate a way to have more room to do more, but the expense of doing that has always made that impractical. So from our perspective, it has not been an either/or decision. It's been do both.
David Crane: Well, I think the place where we'd like to build up the portfolio, and again, we've been fairly -- well, it took us six years to execute on the idea that we needed a load following plant in South Central. So just because I say this, I don't want you to think any sort of announcement’s around the corner, because I'm actually skeptical that we can achieve anything. But we would definitely like to have some more baseload-following capability in PJM, particularly Eastern PJM. Having said that, we don't have any optimism about anything coming available in that footprint that we would find probably at a reasonable price. But we keep our ear to the ground. I would say that has been our single greatest priority second to backing up Big Cajun, which we've now achieved with Cotton.
David Crane: I don't believe there's a drop-dead date. And John, Tokyo Electric well understands the pace of development. I don't want to speak to them, but I think their enthusiasm for participating in this project is unchanged from when we announced the deal a year ago. So I don't remember any sense of date, but I have a very high level of confidence that if the loan guarantee comes that Tokyo Electric will participate in the project.
David Crane: Well, I think that the condition is very specific. And I think back, it's the same as I answered to Ameet. It's something just less than 1,000 megawatts.
David Crane: It's a good question, and I think what I would say without -- I mean, it's difficult to comment with discussions that are underway. And in fact, normally, we don't comment on it but since as you said, there's been discussions by the public, I guess I should say some things. I would say, first of all, I think there's an openness, a willingness, and interest on several load-serving entities, large load-serving entities in the Texas market to talk about long-term offtake. And I would also say that the events of early February in Texas, where a part of the reason the state had rolling brownouts or even blackouts is because people couldn't get gas to some power plants, I think has reinforced the idea that having fuel diversity in the state is something that load-serving entities want to have. So there's a fairly high level of interest from various parties, but the big qualifier I always put on this question is, right now, as you say, it's really discussions. I mean, the project isn't really real to off-takers until we have a loan guarantee. So I would describe anything that we're doing with any counterparty at this point is being preliminary. And so that's what I would tell you. And based on what we're being told by the camp, their interest level, I'm guardedly optimistic. But mainly, my main attitude towards all this is, let's wait and see what happens when the loan guarantee's announced, because that's when ourselves and our counterparties are going to have to get down to business, and people are going to have to make commitments on both sides. So that's the main thing, and what we're trying to empathize here is that, that phase, and hopefully that phase will begin within the coming weeks, is something that basically needs to be resolved by the summer so that we can all have clarity as within the company and U.S. investors and analysts as to where we stand vis-à-vis this project.
David Crane: Well, Brandon, I guess, what I would say, on a few fronts. I mean it sort of depends on which exit ramp you're talking about. And I'm just speculating on things which of course, we don't hope to happen. I mean from my perspective, I think if something happens during this year that caused the entire project to go away, we would probably finish the licensing process, which is a small fraction of the overall development spend. But we're so far along with the NRC that to stop it this close to the end would not make sense. But beyond that, would the project go forward? I think it depends on which exit ramp it is. And again, I don't mean to speak for the other partners, because I want to emphasize every NRG investor on the call. We do not have the right to kill the STP 3 & 4 project. We just have the right to stop our own financial contribution to it. But I would say, if the exit ramp is that, actually it turns out that there is no loan guarantee in the offing -- I haven't actually asked this question directly, but I think our partners in Japan -- and we would be aligned that there would be, that the project would stop if there's no hope of a federal loan guarantee. If on the other hand, there was a federal loan guarantee, but we were taking the exit ramp because we were unable to lineup the offtake, I don't know what our partners would do in that circumstance. Maybe they would continue with the project, that would be their prerogative to do. I just know that if we don't have that offtake arrangement, then we will stop funding.
David Crane: It is, but one of the reasons why I don't know -- I don't remember the exact terms, the exact words of the conditional loan guarantee, but I know that we do not have the opportunity at NRG to solve for the offtake arrangement, because I think the condition is offtake agreements with investment grade offtakers. Our Japanese partners who are investment grade would have that opportunity should they so choose to correct that on their own. We don't have that type of power, so that's not a question for us.
David Crane: Well, we haven't compared them side-by-side. I think it's fair to say that like nuclear, the solar projects, at this point, the economics are very heavily driven by the tax benefits. But beyond that, the real difference between the two is that every solar project we're doing is completely not merchant. It's totally PPA. So I don't think -- in fact, when we talk about taking the company's financial performance and sort of de-linking it to natural gas prices, we put renewables together with retail in parts of our EBITDA stream that are not associated with natural gas prices, because of the fact that all of the economics are derived from long-term PPAs.
David Crane: No, actually, there is some dollars for 316(b) through the installation of extremes. We’ve been very successful in New York, in Arthur Kill and Huntley and Dunkirk to address this issue. So while it addresses the Mercury and asymmetric controls across all our coal assets, it also addresses the 316(b).
David Crane: Okay, well, good. Well, thank you all very much, and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you, operator.
Christian Schade: Well, we're going to get to how much we can sell down as we move through the process. But very clearly, any amount we sell down will sort of be a pro rata reduction in EBITDA. And so depending on how much we do, we'll certainly let you know. But we do believe that the sell down will allow us to provide incremental more equity into other projects we have yet to announce. But what David said, we’re on the bubble given the benefits from the government largesse, which we think still exist but perhaps will run out in the next couple years. And those projects will also be assumed as sort of returns consistent with what we've seen to date.
Christian Schade: As we said, we're committing to a $180 million stock repurchase, and that's within the confines of our restrictive payment basket. We're also going to be making required debt repayments under our term loan program, Term Loan B program. We've also earmarked potential investment in our solar projects, and these are projects which we had -- some of which we're announced late last year and early this year and would be subject to the cash grant program under the government. So all of those projects and repowering projects from El Segundo and GenConn Middletown. But those are the programs at least that were part of the capital allocation program for this year. That's what we've announced. We have $1.8 billion after which we would be able to deploy into additional repowering should they be available and new solar projects that we see on the horizon, as I've said before, all of which offer us the opportunity for very attractive returns.
Christian Schade: That's right. We think the expense to negotiate with the bondholders is being punitive. And as I said in the prepared remarks, the approach that we took on the 2014 maturity to wait for the calls to come due than to call away and refinance was we felt unattractive and a cost-beneficial way to do it. We have calls coming up in February for the 2016 maturity which we'll keep an eye on. The 2017 are not yet callable, will be so within a year. The high-yield market remains very attractive from financing perspectives, so we'll continue to look at that closely. But just to further what David said, with the excess cash in addition to the $180 million as we said, we'll certainly consider future stock repurchases if it can fall within the confines of hedging expansion we see in our restrictive payments basket throughout the year as well.
Christian Schade: Well, what it would be without the sell down, I'll have to get back to you on that. The amount of money that has to be invested towards in order for us to proceed is it's several hundred million dollars. But Jonathan, it's really hard to put it in those terms. Because like a good portion of it is long lead time materials in Japan which are actually funded with the credit facility from Toshiba. So maybe we can break out and provide it to you or do it next quarter. Just the development spend for now, in order for us to proceed against the sources of capital, because it's really not useful if you look at it as one-lump sum, because various things are paid for with different buckets of money.
Christian Schade: Yes, very much so. I think the equity stake that we are contemplating is tax equity, it's a structuring issue. But we're certainly looking to pass off the tax attributes that are generated from this portfolio to tax equity investors. I think, one thing as a follow-up to a question before is that we’d certainly be looking to sell this equity at a premium. The returns that we're seeing perhaps from these investors are below the expected returns that we see in the high-teens, and so that sort of premium or IRR arbitrage gain will certainly benefit us in having development premium for this. But our goal here both is to bring equity into these projects and also, to lay off some of the tax that perhaps, does not necessarily accrue to NRG.
Christian Schade: It was about $160 million. So the $180 million that we announced today will be spread out for a couple of quarters.
Christian Schade: I think it's not necessarily required. I think it benefits the returns of the portfolio and allows us to continue to invest in the space. As David said, we're seeing a lot of opportunities elsewhere, and I think when we start to layer on other utility-sized projects in addition to what we have, there is a limit to the capacity of tax attributes that we can assume. So we think it's important. We're seeing a lot of interest and opportunities to invest in this space by sort of nontraditional investors who want to get green, and so we think it's a big opportunity for us, who are certain taxpayers as well. So it's for us to check a lot of boxes along the way. First and foremost to optimize our tax position in appropriate years, as well as to allow us to continue to invest in the space.
Christian Schade: It is far enough out that we're not perspiring about the tax attributes that it generates. But certainly, it's a topic that we will address at due time. And also, would speak to our underlying business that we hope and certainly think will grow enough to burn through these NOLs and to continue to generate the taxable asset side in those years. So we're confident of that.
Christian Schade: The range, well, I think we would say that the range right now is 3,500 to 4,000 per KW, and I don't know, that would be for the PV -- I can't tell you -- the solar thermal would probably be in the same range.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, if you look at our hedge profile, the next few years, we're pretty well hedged on both sides, so power and coal. We can justify the contango that exists with the coal curve. And given the inventory that we have and the hedge profile, we think that we can weigh to be more opportunistic about when to catch the coal prices. With respect to gas, we continue to see further declines in the front part of the curve, which we've been pretty well insulated. But as I mentioned in my remarks, I mean, I think when you look at 2012 and beyond, and where those price levels are, we see very little downside risk from that. And we think that there are several factors that are converging that could potentially move gas prices, assuming they could be higher than where they are today.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean it's definitely material. It's difficult to say what is the ultimate impact, because I think the variables are still being flushed out. But the three main changes was the recognition of state taxes and the cost of new entry calculation, inter-connection costs and then the energy offsets. So when you put those three together, you basically have higher cost of new entry, which will push capacity prices for both New York City and the whole state. This will benefit our New York portfolio, but at this point I can't give you the specific mind into it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, we actually disclosed that on our last earnings call. And I believe it's about $1 billion -- just shy of $1 billion. If it was the worst case scenario, in terms of unit-specific controls, no averaging. And we just don't believe the EPA will go that route. But the rule is going to come out, the proposal is going to come out in about a month, and I think it’s just prudent to wait before we make any changes.
