Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to Slide 15 I want to provide you a few closing thoughts on our 2020 priorities and expectations. As always our top priority remains delivering on our financial and operational objectives and adhering to our capital allocation principles. In addition to completing our transformation plan, we remain focused on further perfecting and growing our business. These means rebalancing our current portfolio through additional asset optimization efforts and growing our customer base with compelling retail products supported by capital light generation supply. With a large asset sales completed, we're looking at further optimizing single assets and our real estate portfolio at large. An example of that is what we're doing at the Encine site getting it ready for commercial redevelopment and the development on sale of canal 3. These type of projects are generally highly creative, don't use permanent capital and further simplify our story. We will also continue to enhance and simplify our disclosures to better line with the way we manage our integrated business. In the next earnings call, we will provide additional disclosures around our ERCOT platform. Finally and like I said earlier, our company today is stronger than it has ever been. We have the financial flexibility to continue perfecting our platform to make it simpler and more predictable, while consistently returning significant capital to shareholders. I am very excited for 2020 and the future of our company and I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. With all, Twanda, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael. Good morning and thank you for your questions. I mean the first one related to the timing on you know whether we allocate this capital to grow or we reallocated to share buybacks. I think during the second half of the year, we're going to have more clarity in whether we have actionable growth opportunities that not only meet our financial thresholds but are better than the opportunity cost of buying our own shares. So you know I think at that time we will now start you know reallocating the capital to share buybacks. And then with respect to your second -- yes with respect to your second question about I think it's more broadly just what is core generation in our portfolio. I think in the past I said you know Texas is pretty well balanced and we're actually complementing our supply generation with PPAs. In the East and particularly California, I mean in the east we -- our generation is bigger than our retail supply. So either we grow our retail or we reduce our generation position and we're evaluating that. Now keep in mind that you know the model that we have going forward is we really want generation that serves our a purpose and that purpose is to you know better serve our customers in the most cost efficient way. So we're constantly and continuously going to evaluate you know our generation portfolio in light of that – of that priority. California is less – strategic less because you know we don't have a retail business so you know while we have you know benefited from an increasing capacity price in California, you know we're going to continuously evaluate that portfolio through the lenses of our long term strategic goals.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Well a couple of things, you know we've been completely focused right now on executing our transformation right now. So I mean I'm very pleased with the progress that we have made. We're not done yet. We've got to deliver on the margin enhancement. You know as we finalized that, we're going to start looking you know how do we – you know where are the other opportunities are, as we integrate the portfolio and simplify the story, even beyond the – let's call it the big asset sales, I think there is an opportunity to further streamline the inner workings of our organization which will translate in cost savings.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes I mean right now we're still in the final year of a three year transformation plan that we have done. We are on a path to achieving investment grade credit rating. I think, when we start seeing the all of those things finalizing and you know obviously we already provided enhanced visibility on our capital allocation. So when these things start you know all visible to shareholders and you know, we just don't see, we continue to see a significant gap between the stock price and the fundamental value of our company. I think that will be the time to start evaluating all other options.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Julien. Well, first of all, the recent price of our stock is never lost on me and particularly when it comes to capital allocation. So as I think about these growth opportunities as I said before and not only they have to meet our financial hurdles, but they need to be superior to the cost of not buying back our own shares. So having said that, there are some areas of opportunities that are consistent with our long term strategy, I will say that retail while there has been a lot of consolidation, there's still some opportunities I would say in the small to medium size companies. And given the scale that we have and the scope of our operational platform, we can achieve significant synergies when looking at these opportunities. I don't see the same attractive opportunities in the generation side. That’s why we have been executing on our capital like PPA strategy. So I mean, I don’t disagree with you I mean, particularly with the recent performance of our stock price, it makes it so much harder to allocate capital to growth or in this case you know it makes the probability of reallocating that capital from growth to share buybacks, you know much more probable.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Twanda. Once again, thank you very much for your interest in NRG and I look forward to continuing our conversation. Thank you.
Kirkland Andrews: Hey, Praful, it’s Kirk. I would say that I agree with Mauricio there that FERC MOPR ruling was positive for competitive markets and should help mitigate some of the impact of handouts to some local utilities. You're talking about states pulling out arguably that’s the FRR process and I think as states look at that they may see that FRR is an inferior alternative for consumers who have a region wide capacity market. I mean if you look at the history of FRRs they’ve consistently cost the consumers in that area three times to 10 times the prevailing auction rate. They shift risk on to a captive set of ratepayers locked into local monopoly. The latest numbers I saw from the IMM indicates that the nukes that are getting the right now are profitable without them so it's unclear to me why an FRR would be the choice of anybody except the ones receiving those subsidies. So yes there's obviously a lot of smoke around this right now and a lot of states are talking about it. But I mean if you dig into what FRRs have done in the past and what they're expected to do in the future it doesn't seem like a great idea for me.
Kirkland Andrews: Yes. Well first I agree that ESG has gotten a lot of focus lately. For us this has been a focus of the company since I became CEO. I mean as you can see from the progress and the details that I provided today on the presentation I mean you don't build this overnight. This is the result of 3.5 years you know 4 years of intense work and intense focus on ESG. So not only it’s important for us it's foundational and it's imbedded in everything that we do. To your second question around going private. Right now, it’s not most on me that you know where our stock price is and you know the difference between that it really doesn’t reflect the fundamental value of our company. We continued to be focused on executing and delivering on our results, we believe that the value proposition that we have of a business that is balanced between generation and retail, that provides a stable and predictable earnings, with a you know, investment grade metric balance sheet and a meaningful return of capital shareholders is compelling and you know if that doesn't translate, you know we will evaluate all options, my goal – my mandate is to maximize shareholder value and everything that we do and all the decisions that we take on allocating capital is with that mindset. So you know, I mean right now we're going to be focused on executing but it’s not a lot for me that at some point we will have to evaluate all options.
Kirkland Andrews: Hey Julien, Kirk here. You – if you go look at that 10-K there's a line in there that says in effect late last year New York finalized the more stringent regulation that will result in the retirement of the asset of the story at Pratt & Whitney’s in early 2023.
Kirkland Andrews: No. Yes. The one thing that I will say just keep in mind that you know that is you know it's very valuable to look to New York City and as we always do with our portfolio, we try to evaluate you know what is the most you know profit maximizing way of you know – or looking up that you know these real estate sites.
