Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Turning to Slide 14, I want to provide you a few closing thoughts on our 2019 priorities and expectations. Our top priority for sometime has been to demonstrate the predictability and stability of our integrated platform. And this summer marks another year of delivering stable earnings through volatile market conditions. As you can see on our scorecard, we’ve made significant progress across all other priorities from perfecting our business and reducing debt to delivering on our transformation goals. We will continue to simplify our disclosures to help better understand the value proposition of our integrated platform going forward. As we move into 2020, I’m confident our platform, coupled with clear and compelling capital allocation principles, is well positioned to deliver strong and predictable results and create significant shareholder value. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Brian, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I don’t think there is a new growth strategy. I think what we’re doing here is to provide more clarity on the return of capital policy that we have long-term. In terms of growth, I don’t think anything has changed from my perspective. In the near-term, I continue to see opportunities in the – primarily in the retail space. I will say, small to medium-sized companies similar to what we executed in the past year-and-a-half with XOOM and Stream. And the number of those opportunities are still limited, but that’s where we’re going to focus in the near-term. I mean, medium and long-term, we will see where these opportunities are. I mean, as we continue to perfect our model, obviously, we’re looking at, how do we enhance the products and services that we provide to our customers. But I wouldn’t characterize it as a new growth strategy. It’s just providing more clarity on our return of capital to shareholders.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, the long-term capital return – the return of capital policy that we’re providing today does have some flexibility embedded in it, I mean, if we cannot find growth opportunities that meet our financial thresholds. And importantly, that is superior to buying back our own stock, then we’ll return that capital to shareholders in the form of share buybacks. So that’s where the flexibility is embedded in our plan. But again, what I wanted – the goal of today is to provide more clarity in terms of what is that return of capital philosophy that supports the value proposition of NRG. Greg, as I said in the past, I mean, the value proposition of the company it is to have a business model that is balanced, that provides the stable and predictable earnings with an investment-grade type of balance sheet and a very clear and transparent capital allocation principles. And part of those principles is to returning a meaningful part of our excess cash to shareholders. What we are doing today is providing that clarity in terms of what is meaningful. And what I’m saying today is $0.50 of every dollar of excess cash will go to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and 50% will go to growth. But if we cannot find growth opportunities that meet the threshold that I just said, then we’ll return that capital for shareholders.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, at this point, we’re being very successful with our capital-light strategy on the generation side. Given where we’re seeing the economics. I don’t see immediately opportunities in generation. That doesn’t mean that we’re creating optionality within our portfolio. I mean, we have a lot of assets. We have a lot of power plants across our fleet. But I don’t see that today. I mean, I think the most immediate actionable opportunities are within the retail space.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, when I think about the business, I don’t think about it two different businesses, I mean, generation and retail. I actually think about it as an integrated platform. So one of the improvements that we’re going to do on the disclosures is, how do we think about that integrated platform. I think we’ve been very good at providing disclosures on the generation side of the business, but now we have to do a better job in providing them holistically for the integrated model as a whole.
Mauricio Gutierrez: …that’s absolutely correct, Steve. I mean, this is a complementary and countercyclical nature of these two businesses. But as I said in the past, I mean, I’m focused on total gross margin for the company. Let’s focus on the segments and making sure that that top – that gross margin is just stable and predictable regardless of market conditions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Well, I mean, as you noted, I mean, we only executed 100 megawatts this quarter. And I think that is an indication of the slowdown that we’re seeing on solar development. We’re just not seeing the attractiveness on the solar PPA that we saw initially. I mean, there has been an increase in cost for some of the solar developers, tariffs. So I think that’s having a very active strategy like this just gives us a lot of visibility in terms of the speed at which solar development is happening and what I’m telling you is slowing down a little bit. In terms of how much more from the 1.4, the governing number here is the size of our retail business. So if you look at our retail business big long versus our generation, I would feel comfortable if we execute that’s close to 2 to 2.5 gigs, but obviously, that’s going to depend on the economics that we can achieve on the PPAs. So, what I think, that’s a good observation, Steve.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, I think, some of the offers that we saw earlier, we don’t see it anymore, and I think it’s a function of two things. One, I mean, keep in mind that the counterparty that we’re talking about are pretty high-quality counterparties, because we can provide them a – an average of 10-year contract with balance sheet that is investment grade. So we actually enable them and put them at a higher competitive position vis-à-vis other developers. But I think it’s also impacted by perhaps higher costs due to tariffs that have been imposed.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, good morning, Praful. So the way I think about it is, perhaps we need to do it on a regional basis. In Texas, I feel very stable, because we have pretty well balanced portfolio between generation and retail. So, whether you have a contango or a backward-dated curve, your retail margins can expand, while your generation contracts on the other way around. So I see that very stable in Texas for the foreseeable future. The East, this is slightly different, because our generation continues to be bigger than our retail and is primarily driven by capacity prices. The good thing in the East is that, we know exactly what it is in the next three years. So, we have good, I mean, everybody has good visibility on that. Beyond that is going to depend on what happens with FERC and the actions that they take around the out-of-market subsidies for nuclear resources. And that’s really going to depend on that regulatory outcome. What I will say is that, we have actually seen a, let’s call it, a nicer price in California. Capacity prices have increased significantly. So, while we have seen some pressure in capacity in the East, we actually have seen some gains in the West that have balanced each other out. So I would say that – I just feel very comfortable with the guidance that we have provided for 2020 as a base to do the calculations. And obviously, what we provided was illustrative, but I feel very, very comfortable with that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, I think it will be both. I mean, obviously, I want to grow the East to better balance. But I will say that, it’s not that we’re not growing in Texas. I mean, we have a pretty commanding lead, I mean, a little over 30% of market share. So, I mean, there’s still – if we can grow Texas, I mean, think about Texas in the context of, there is organic growth in Texas as a whole. The market is growing 2%. So, we can grow with the market. And then number two, if we can add additional market share from competitors, either through organic initiatives or inorganic acquisitions. I mean, we’re going to do that. But that is value for me regardless of where the region. And then on the rebalancing side in Texas, I mean, we’re going to continue to take advantage of these new technologies that are coming into the market and I mean, we’re doing it at very attractive levels. We’re participating on that and. And all this does is just lower our cost of serving load So yes, I’m good with them.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, if your question on distributed generation is something like residential solar. No, I’m not. I think we have been there, we have done that. We’re focused on continuing to establish a much closer relationship with our customers creating more loyalty and infinity, providing more products and services. But we don’t have to vertically integrate every single product that we offer to our customers. I mean, I’m okay partnering. And actually, today, we offer residential solar. We just offer it through partners. And what is important to me is that, we maintain the relationship with a customer, that we give them best-in-class interface to all the products and services that we provide, whether we do them all in-house or not. And in the case of some of the distributed resources, I’d rather partner than vertically integrate.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I would say pretty flat. I mean, we have the ability to expand margins on that environment. So when I say that is complementary and countercyclical, I mean, if there is a – if there is some backwardation in the curve and that’s putting some pressure on generation. I expect retail to expand those margins. And keep in mind that we’re also, in 2021, we’re going to start seeing the benefits of the PPAs that we have also signed. So they tend to be somewhat very attractive compared to market. So all it does is, we’re serving low at a lower cost of goods sold for a lack of a better word. Now, like I said, I mean, you also have to look at the East is slightly different, right? Like I said, I mean, it’s driven primarily by capacity revenues. But we provide very clear visibility in terms of what those capacity revenues are for the next three years. They’re locked in, so there’s no surprises. And we can adjust our maintenance programs. We can adjust our cost structure depending on what the earnings profile of those assets in these would be. So I mean, that’s a lever that you perhaps actually that you don’t see in these one dimensional sensitivity that we provide, is what else can we do around the cost structure of the company to ensure that we maintain competitiveness in our fleet.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean, I guess a couple of things. Number one, when we do any C&I transaction, we back-to-back it with supply. So we’re basically locking a gross margin for the term of the transaction. We always have the option to either source it internally through our generation or source it from the market depending on what’s the most optimal way for us. And then number three, you’re always going to see the impact of though – that business in our earnings. So, transparency, clarity, visibility, it is important. So, while I can – I mean, in a contango market on a backward-dated market, when you’re doing a term deal, is there – are you levelizing the curve, and it creates a different dynamic? Yes, of course. But I mean, the most important thing here is supply. We’re trying to lock in a margin through the term of the deal. And we want to make sure that supply and the – I guess, the C&I deal, the revenue line and the cost line is pretty consistent.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. Well, thank you very much for your interest in NRG and look forward to talking to you in the upcoming weeks. Thank you.
