Todd Pedersen: Yes, we actually do believe it’s sustainable. And as Dale mentioned, the reduction of RICs led to that number. And by the way, side note to the reduction of RICs, should -- we should see over time an improvement in attrition number on this pool of accounts that we put on this -- the underwriting on this year’s book of business is outstanding. But yes, it is sustainable. We’ve made some very good changes to the business and I think one that’s listened to us. This is not -- this didn’t just happen. We’ve been working on the changes to the business models of the company, the cost structure for quite some time now and this just kind of a revelation of what we’ve been intending to do. So, I think the answer is yes, it’s sustainable.
Todd Pedersen: Well, I think you hit it on the head. It’s absolutely a validation of the model that Vivint delivers into the market, Smart Home as a Service. It absolutely requires great tech. But in the need for -- install ongoing service and providing the bulk of them is critically important to delivering really an elegant situation within. And so, yes, we’re upbeat. When I read the news, honestly, -- that’s great. We’ve been saying all these all along. This is a huge TAM, is a huge opportunity and someone with the likes of Google investing into this space that you’re in, you got to be -- that’s got to be a good thing for us.
Todd Pedersen: Well, the one thing I want to note and this is very important and again it’s been mentioned already, but the fact that we’ve put the numbers up that we have proven very substantial demand from consumers for the Vivint Smart Home offering. We are not on boarding new customers in Canada, which was a decent percentage of our overall business in the past, and then the elimination of RICs and also the pause on direct-to-home. When you look at it on the whole and you don’t know the past, it looks good, considering, like you said, the environment. But when you really add it up together, the performance of Vivint in Q2 was outstanding. It’s hard to describe how happy we are about how we’re positioned, the consumer view on the product and services that we offer, the value we provide and really demand coming into the company.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So obviously, we did change the pricing in our starter kit package. And it was incredibly well received from the consumer. And from a consumer's point of view, the dollars they're paying between ourselves and our financing partner does -- had really didn't change. It changes the balance of it, but it doesn't change the actual dollars paid on a monthly basis. And then I would just say that our performance spoke for itself when it comes to demand. It was increased demand, elevated numbers better performance on a per rep average for the direct-to-home program. And again, Dale spoke to the inside sales group and their performance year-over-year. So absolutely did not affect demand from consumers.
Todd Pedersen: So, we probably won't get that granular. But again, when I'd try to reiterate this. When you look at the numbers on an apples-to-apples basis, if you compare to the customers we underwrote in 2019 to 2020, the fact that we're only down 3% net subscriber adds is outs -- when I say outstanding, it's beyond outstanding. We eliminated 12% of the customers we would have underwritten last year and did not this year and still attain that. And on a revenue basis, because of the increase in revenue per subscriber per month, we actually were ahead of last year. So I can't reiterate this enough that it was just a tremendous quarter. And I would say the trend continues. So we can't get too granular on what's happening currently and going forward. But we feel like we're in a very positive situation. It's due to a lot of factors, but really consumer demand increased -- Dale mentioned this, people are really reconnecting with their home and we're seeing the benefits of that. We're one of those companies that really is having a positive effect from the fact that people are home, are looking at their home as their new environment and that we think that might be a lasting change over time.
Todd Pedersen: That's actually interesting that you would ask. But we actually did and we actually had some -- I'm not going to dig in, because I would say they're more experiments at how they engage and can engage with different types of inbound demand from consumers. But we did. We had to do it kind of overnight as all companies did when the shutdown happened. But we had positive results and I would say it's informing us a bit to how we might think about expanding our sales force, workforce engagement with consumers over time. And, as Dale mentioned, we hope to, at some point, maybe even this year start to build the brand and increase the inbound demand and really knowledge of Vivint's services. I mean, the reality is on an unaided awareness basis, less than 5% of American households even know who we are and what we do. And so, and as part of that test, we think there are some really tremendous opportunities to utilize that group, if additional demand does come in and be really efficient with those needs or increase around of Vivint's services. So yes.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So, here is what I would say, definitely video is a major driver in increased demand for what we do. And there is no one that does it like we do it. I mean, with the professional install, our own proprietary hub, platform, technology stack, kind of the feedback loop, ability to service ongoing with the customer, there isn't anyone anywhere in the realm of the quality of service delivery that we have, connectivity and otherwise. But we did -- we have seen an increased demand in just the general peace of mind of what we provide. And that's viewed or I guess kind of displays itself in the engagement from our consumers with their app. This isn't us emailing them things that we've seen or we know or data that we're showing. This is actual engagement, user engagement in live video views, recorded video views, arm/disarm of the system and the different functionality inside of the system. So I would say there are no other outside apps that are helping push. I think this is becoming very kind of obvious to us and we believe this for a while that this is a huge market segment. We think that 80-plus percent penetration in the U.S. households is very attainable. We're not going to state, well, how many years we think that is, it would be a guess. But the demand is gaining momentum and people's interest in having the smart home that's provided by a premium service provider like Vivint is very much in demand and will be a large market.
Todd Pedersen: Well, I think that's an interesting observation. Here is a couple of notes. One, we provide a DIY-able product and service currently. We are not talking about the numbers on that, but we actually do. The amazing thing for our customers or potential customers is that we can also back that up with truck rolls, answering the phone, technical service capabilities on the back end. So we can kind of end-to-end. However, someone wants to take delivery of our services, we can provide that and for very, very good value with the highest quality of products and services, and reliability for that matter. But it's interesting because DIY is brought up quite consistently to us in this space. And yet, you see Google who has DIY-able products that they've had for quite some time is now realizing that in order to really address the big market that Vivint is addressing, they need to combine up with a company that has the capabilities to go inside of people's homes and deliver service on an ongoing basis in a professional way. That's to say if they want to compete with us really on a grand scale. And then last thing is I'd say about DIY, that's an interesting thing even to my personal life. Through COVID, I didn't even -- I had never used some of the delivery -- food delivery services in the past. Now, that's all we do. So, I don't even go get my own food anymore. It's delivered to me. And so it's -- and I don't mow my lawn, I don't wash my car. No, I don't want to sound lazy. But I have other things done for me and I just don't think that consumers who want a really deep experience with a smart home want to be the CIO or technician of their home to manage 15, 20, 30, 40 devices, which is absolutely happening. People are adding more and more cameras and thermostats and door locks. And the connectivity is going deeper and deeper into the home. And so we couldn't be happier about the position that we're in and the fact that we are a market leader.
Todd Pedersen: This is really important and this is where Vivint really shines. This -- the fact that we own our operating system, that we in-house develop that, our hub, our platform and again, we do integrate. Everyone on the platform knows that we will integrate best-in-class products into our platform. But we take it upon ourselves to make sure that we control that process and that data flow and the connectivity, because the -- if you're installing a doorbell camera, for instance, that's not too difficult to install and not too much to manage. But you start adding more like -- as you mentioned, more and more devices, connectivity becomes more and more of an issue. The demand on your WiFi gets greater and greater. And allows the unfortunate potential for things to go wrong. Now, with our feedback loop and the fact that our engineering team, software, firmware, hardware design, installation platform, service platform, network, you have this incredible feedback loop that's very immediate by the way. I mean, we obviously tracked and there is 1.5 billion pieces of data daily coming through our AI system. We are watching every last thing that's happening when it comes to service delivered to consumer. Because that -- at the end of the day, if it's not great, service levels aren't great, attrition is going to go through the roof. And you could theorize that going from $16, which we had per sub per month in service cost to $9.93 over two-year period, our service levels would go down substantially and therefore attrition would go up, the reverse has happened. We've done both, reduced our service cost per sub per month, not a little bit, substantially. And then also our service levels are not just maintained well, they're better and they're more enhanced. And that speaks through our attrition numbers that you're seeing, which, by the way, are better than we had hoped for. And we've done this business for a very, very long time and the great thing is it's a very predictable model. But this just -- it just so happens that as we continue to release new hubs, new firmware, new software releases, new installation protocols that we just get better and better and better at that delivery of service and connectivity and quality of service. And it reduces truck rolls and the need to keep up with service demands. If things work, you don't have to answer phones, you don't have to roll trucks. And it just so happens that we are best in class by quite a margin when it comes to those sorts of things.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So, we actually don't break the numbers out on the service cost per sub per month down to the actual -- the action that's happening inside of that structure. We just haven't done that and that probably wouldn't be detail that we would dig into. And then so we are just really hopefully and you are also incredibly happy with the results. But we probably gained some efficiencies across the board in all of those actions. And again, back to Vivint's owning of our operating system and technology, and hub development, software firmware releases, these all a result of not just what's happening today in the current environment. This is -- these are investments that we've made into our technology, service delivery, installation protocols over the years. And then there is how we answer phones and training down to the individual person. So there is a lot of things that go into the reduction of our service costs. And then when it comes to the attrition numbers with moves, we also don't want to break that out. I hate giving you that answer on both of those, but we just don't break those out in detail.
Todd Pedersen: What I would say is I'm not sure with the arrangement is and so you would really need to ask them about this, but getting back to Vivint, the fact that we own our platform, we developed it. And look, we've spent tens and tens and tens of millions of dollars on that alone and do annually on the maintenance and the improvement of that user experience. And the fact that it's fully integrated to our hub in our platform, I'm glad that we're Vivint and we own what we own, which is everything end-to-end and we don't depend on other hardware developers and providers, other platform or app or operating system providers. I'm very -- we've -- and look, our investors Blackstone and others have been very gracious over the years in allowing us to make sure that we own and control that entire technology stack, and it's proving to be very relevant -- and not just relevant, it's critical that we do have that and own that.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So, we appreciate everyone getting on the phone call for our Q2 numbers. We were happy with the results. We hope all of you were also. And just know that management is very focused on the current economic environment, making sure that we're being cautious about any upcoming economic -- continued downturns impact or individual subscribers, customers or underwriting in their cost structure and investments. So we're -- we look forward to getting on the phone with you all again in Q3. So thank you.
Dale Gerard: Yes, this is Dale. Hey, Rod. Thanks for joining. I think in terms of subscribers is tough. As we said, we had -- direct-to-home was really paused for the first six weeks of the quarter. So we really started rolling out direct-to-home to the different locations around the second week of May. And we saw a very quick ramp from those teams and continue to see really good production from those teams across all offices, across all states that we’re in. And we’re in most states that we wanted to be in. There is not like areas that we didn’t go to. You roll teams out to where we expected to go out to. And they seem to be reporting well. And then when you look at inside sales, inside sales was really strong in the first quarter and that carried right into the second quarter. That’s a more kind of ratable in terms of -- those are leads coming in from SEO and different referrals and so forth. And that volume and that demand has been very, very strong across the full -- for the full quarter. So we’re seeing that demand continue into the third quarter here. And then, go ahead, Todd.
Dale Gerard: And then just to touch quickly on your question around attrition. I mean, attrition again, we were very, very happy with how the attrition performed in the second quarter. We again think that’s how people are really reconnecting with their homes, really valuing the services that we offer. And we’re seeing the engagement with the platform, even though people are at home, the engagement is as high or higher than what we’ve seen in previous quarters, because people are using it. Just a different way, they’re using the cameras more. They’re engaging more throughout their home with that, with the system. For example, like having deliveries to your front door, being able to use your door-up camera to talk to those people, see what packages are dropped off. Those types of interactions with the system we’re seeing more and more, now that people are actually kind of in their homes and wanting to understand who is coming through that front door or what’s being left at that front door. But we’re also cautious about attrition. In terms of -- we still have a higher percentage of customers in their kind of end-of-term life cycle. That’s still about 20% of our portfolio. And we know those customers normally perform at or have higher attrition, when they’re in that kind of phase of their life cycle. And then we’re also cautious about the economy in the second half. And so what I would tell you from attrition is we think it’s performing really, really well right now. But we’re also cautious as to what it will look like in the -- for the rest of the year, but we're feeling rather confident that we're seeing good performance out of it and will continue through the rest of the year.
Dale Gerard: And then, it's been -- this is Dale. The other point of driving down kind of that net SAC is the fact that we reduced RICs of about -- almost 90% year-over-year. And that's not just a one-time kind of, hey, we did that in the second quarter. Our goal once we started rolling out Flex Pay and bringing on the finance partners was to bring RICs down to essentially zero. We'll have -- probably have some RICs as we go, but that's another big driver of the fact that we were able to take RICs down. And if you recall, RICs, just real quick is, as the -- as their contracts with Vivint is put in our balance sheet, we basically get no money upfront from those customers. So by being able to lower those substantially and move more of that upfront to our financing partners or to the customer actually paying in full for out of their own account, that's enabled us also to bring that net SAC down.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Thanks. I think in terms of how we think about the cash flow, I mean, we continue -- we've said all along we wanted to kind of get to cash flow neutral this year. We're way ahead of our original projections of 12 to 18 months. And then we've also laid out a goal to be three times or less on a leverage ratio, on an EBITDA-to-debt ratio. So I think we'll look at that the cash that we have continued to generate and we'll look at how we want to use that cash, whether that's to pay down debt or to make other investments into the company, whether that's new products, new services. We don't -- Todd has talked about this quarter, we don't really have a brand out there. And so do we want to actually go spend some money on branding the company, which we think would even drive more customers to the growth overall for a long-term vision, so we'll decide how we go. But we're very, very excited about the fact we're able to kind of get this cash flow positive in the second quarter and we believe that will continue throughout the rest of the year. Yes. The last thing, I just recalled, and I said this on the -- as part of my remarks, we get paid down the revolver. We had $105 million outstanding on revolver at end of June and we did pay that down in July. And so we were able to kind of pay that revolver fully back and we're setting cash on the balance sheet.
Dale Gerard: Yes, thanks. I think if you think about servicing costs, I think if you looked at the mid to high 70% margins is kind of where we think. I don't want to really quote a quarter dollar, I'd give you a service margin based on what we think. But we think in that 75-ish percent range is probably where we'll see kind of servicing costs come back in the second half of the year. And the reason why it's a little bit more, as you know, we put on a lot of our customers in a 90-day period. And there is always follow-up and service needs. So there are more service calls in that third quarter and just going into the fourth quarter just related to those new installs. And then again in the second quarter, I think we had a lot of times where we had where the calls into call center and into truck rolls were just decreased related around COVID. People not wanting people to come to their homes or -- and I think it goes back also to Todd's point is we have this fully integrated system that we can help, like we can solve a lot of problems over the phone. So when somebody does call in, we can actually log in to help, log remotely into their panel, resolve a lot of the issues, without having to send a truck or sending someone out to their home, which is really important.
Dale Gerard: Yes, on the margins, I think again, we thought we'd be in that, call it, low to mid 40% EBITDA margins. And I think that's again, when you look at the rest of this year, if you looked at on a full-year basis, I think that's kind of where we are. We're continuing and I think Todd said this and I've said this is we're always looking at ways to optimize in the business and optimize the scale what we have. And so we'll continue to look at that. When you look at it quarter over quarter or for the full year, we're probably looking in that low to mid 40% range.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Thanks. So two things. We'll start with the supply chain. You're right. We -- based upon the way we do our business and preparing for what I would call the second, third quarter where we put on most of our accounts, we do, do a lot of pre-buy and make sure we have inventory in place based on what we think we're going to do or install for that period. And so we've not really seen any, any disruption in terms of our supply chain. We have a really good Chief Procurement Officer and we're constantly working with all of our vendors in making sure our manufacture -- contract manufacturers make sure that we have product available to our technicians and to our sales reps, so we can install those when we need that. In the terms of the net subscriber acquisition costs, you are right. Based upon where -- what we said we were going to do in terms of how we structure our current pricing model, the fact that we've reduced RICs and we continue to see that reduction go forward, you should continue to see that's -- where it's $630, if you kind of run the math out, you would expect that to continue to come down as we roll in as we report probably third quarter and so forth.
