David W. Crane: Thanks, Kirk. As has been my tradition during my 9 years at NRG, on Slide 26, which is the last slide, we're ending our first earnings deck of the year with a checklist of key objectives for the year ahead. My goal in doing this is obviously so you can follow along and hold us accountable as we succeed or fail in our effort to lead the company you own forward. Most of these specific goals were touched upon by Mauricio, Kirk or myself previously in this presentation, so I'm not going to elaborate further on any of these individual goals, unless you want me to. So I'll end by making only one point. I think the fundamental strength of NRG is that we are not wedded to generation alone or to retail alone or to any other single link in the energy value chain. We're not wedded to one technology, to one source of fuel or to one geographic location. We can go wherever in the industry we see the potential for profitable growth and shareholder value creation, and we have built a company now that has the ability to do just that. We look forward in 2013 to building on the momentum generated by a very successful 2012 for the benefit of all of you, the owners of NRG. And with that, Patrick, we are happy to take a few questions.
David W. Crane: Well, Brandon, the first way I'd answer that question is to punt and basically say it's the last 5 years that I've been in this industry, which is really actually like the 5 years before, that has proven one thing is that none of us have any idea what the next 5 years are going to be about. And I think what we've really done is built a company now with its natural resources that can go in either direction. I mean we actually do, I think maybe unlike some of the other companies in our sector, see a lot of opportunities across the space. And I would say right now, in terms of reinvesting in the business, I would say we've got a lot going on, on the generation side. But I guess what really animates me when I get up in the morning is what we can do on the retail space and around the customer and bringing together conventional retail and new clean energy and products, which will be appealing to the consumer. The thing though about those types of investments, Brandon, is they tend not to be as capital-intensive, and the bets are smaller. Hopefully, the payback is quicker or as they say, if you're going to fail at something, fail quickly and cheaply. And so as we move and try new things in that area, I think it will still leave a lot of capital for the return of capital to shareholders. I mean, obviously, we're excited about what we did today in terms of the increase of the dividend in particular. We'd like to do more of that in the future, but obviously, we're not committing ourselves to a particular rate of increase. And as Kirk talked about, it's going to be sort of tied to how much we get accomplished in terms of contracted investments. And I think that we will see more -- in this natural gas price environment, if there's going to be more built in the United States on the generation side, it's all going to be based on bilateral contract. We've got great sites, we've got the people, we've got the ability to repower, conventional and renewable. And so, hopefully, we can grow the dividend off the back of an ever-increasing amount of contracted revenue streams. So that's my long-winded answer. My short-winded answer is I think we can do both. We can continue to return capital to shareholders and really stakeholders in terms of debt paydown and reinvest across our portfolio of businesses.
David W. Crane: Well, what I would tell you is that we would, Jon, probably tell you more than I should, we would like to disclose the more -- the greater synergies about the time or on the next earnings call, but I can't commit to that 100% because we have a clear idea commercially of what we would like to do. But I mean we need to do sort of a technical review of some of our plants as to make sure the plants can back up what we want to do on the commercial end. And that involves things like boiler inspections and analysis, which are far beyond my intellectual capacity to understand. And if those take longer than the next earnings cycle, then we're going to take a little bit longer because when we do come out, we want to be 100% certain that we can accomplish what we tell you we're going to accomplish. But certainly, our goal is the next earnings call.
David W. Crane: And Neil, I mean Mauricio makes an important point there, and it's one of the points that sort of showed up in like our availability figures for 2012 as well. There's not much money to be made, to be frank, in the generation business during the shoulder seasons. But we are obviously focused like a laser beam on the conditions in Texas this summer. So the instructions we've given to the plant management at STP is obviously we want you to make these repairs as quickly as you can, but the most important thing is that you need to be there for the Texas summer, reliably operating. So if it takes an extra few days, take those extra days. So that's very much the sort of marching orders there.
David W. Crane: Well, I mean look, the sort of development in the conventional space is the province of our regional presence. They've all -- we think we have a competitive advantage in terms of repowering at our existing sites with the cost savings and the locational advantages on the grid. Projects like Astoria, which I think is still the only fully permitted new project in the New York City zone -- if somebody gives us a creditworthy PPA, and we're off to the races. The one thing that I would say, of course, is that this goes back to the question of capital available for allocation. I mean on the conventional side, obviously, building a new power plant is an expensive proposition. But with long-term PPAs and project finance debt and all, and the equity sort of going in over the 2- to 3-year construction period, it's not likely actually to consume an enormous amount of our capital in 2013. So we would like to do as much as we can in terms of repowering, revitalizing at our existing sites. And certainly, Astoria is one of our top priorities for 2013.
David W. Crane: Keith, let me just add a little bit on that, too. Because you have to recognize there's the relatively unique situation we are in when it comes to those scarcity pricing moments in Texas with -- it's an opportunity on the generation side, but it's a time to play defense on the retail side. And we have a lot of peaking generation in Texas. But because of the legacy of where those plants came from, we don't have a lot of really fast-start peaking. And sometimes, you need to be able to move very quickly to capture those 1- or 2-hour time periods. So I think there's a whole bunch of reasons why the initiative you are talking about is not really -- it's a very specific niche need and opportunity for us that I think it's hard to draw sort of systemic-wide conclusions from that one instance.
David W. Crane: Operator, Patrick, I mean we've gone a little bit over the hour, which is entirely our own fault because of our long-winded answers. I would like to -- I'm mindful of everyone's time. We'd like to accommodate 2 more callers, if we could. And then for the other callers in the queue, we'll get their names and Chad will follow up with myself and Mauricio and Kirk if necessary to make sure we get their questions answered. So let's take 2 more callers and then call it a day if we could.
David W. Crane: Thank you, Angie, and thank you all for participating on the call. We apologize for going 8 minutes over, and we look forward to talking to you on the next quarter. Thank you, Patrick.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, I'll take your questions -- the components of your questions in reverse order. No, I'm not happy to hang onto excess deployable cash for an undefined period of time for any purpose, but I feel comfortable that we've got sufficient cash flow generation and liquidity to be able to address the opportunities that may arise on the debt side of the equation. But in terms of the opportunities that I see currently, what hamstrings us, at least opportunistically, clearly, we were focused on and are pleased to have achieved the $1 billion deleveraging objective, which is what the last component of that open-market purchase program was all about, taking care of that last 200. Looking forward, given the fact that our balance sheet is in line with our targets and return to shrink, my view is in further delevering, it constitutes opportunistic delevering. And given the trading levels of our bonds, as you acknowledge the fact that, to answer your question, they aren't currently callable, our 2014 maturity at the GenOn level obviously comes due in relatively short order, but our remaining maturities are not callable until 2014. I think we've got a couple -- our 2019 -- our 2 tranches of the 2019 bonds are recallable in '14. But until that time, those call premiums are significantly lower than the current trading levels of our bonds, which in my view, don't represent a compelling level, both from a yield and total -- or both from a current return and total return perspective to warrant allocation of capital opportunistically. But we'll continue to look at alternatives around that. But for right now, I think we're satisfied with where we are.
Kirkland B. Andrews: No. The growth investments of $226 million, which is in the green section, that is equity investment that is net of project financing.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I mean the only thing I'd add is clearly, as David said, we're focused on 2013, in part because these -- that's when these assets come online. And with all of them now at COD, we see the realm or universe of potential partners or investors or sell-down candidates as expanding. And the return expectations, given the fact that the perceived risk at least having achieved COD, is now lower. As far as alternatives, I think I'd only say certainly, transaction is not unlike what you saw with Agua Caliente. I certainly continue to see it as being a possibility, both at the individual asset level and though less likely, though still possible, at the sub-portfolio level. But beyond that, I wouldn't elaborate. I think those are probably the 2 most likely categories, but we're continuing to evaluate those. And like you say, I think as we get closer to COD, we're on the precipice of it right now, those opportunities will present themselves more readily.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, first of all, Julien, as I think you're probably aware, there are RP constraints or restricted payments calculations largely similar to those in our own NRG indentures on the GenOn unsecured notes. And the impact of that is the -- and I think we made this clear in our annual disclosure this year and we talked about this before, there's about a $250 million basket that currently exists for distributions to NRG. Clearly, we're now, of course, the only sole shareholder at this point. Beyond that, there is an intercompany agreement for shared services between GenOn and NRG, where the way to think about it is the past and responsibilities that were formerly performed and represented by GenOn standalone G&A are now being performed by NRG, and there is an intercompany payment for those services provided by NRG to GenOn. Beyond that, there is an intercompany revolving credit facility relationship between the 2, and there are certain elements of the GenOn operations, which are currently -- which are not related to the specific physical assets, which are now being performed at the NRG level. So it's a combination of -- there are changes in the operations in terms of the flows. But in terms of degrees of freedom, with that $250 million basket combined with the significant payment annually that is basically a G&A compensation payment, that is the way to think about the flows between the 2 from a distribution standpoint. Hopefully, that addresses your question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So I mean right now, we're working on re-blading the turbine, the ones that were damaged, and we remain on track to be operational and available prior to the summer. So right now, our estimate is the beginning of May.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Keith, I mean we manage our capacity in a similar way as we do our energy, opportunistically and exerting some sort of market risk. So I think you already pointed out that in our rental state, the reserve margin requirement increased from 16% to 17% in New York City. Their locational capacity requirement actually moved up much higher than that, 83% to 86%. So the combination of that and then some retirement that we have seen, particularly around Vance Kammer [ph] , have really pushed off New York, both New York City and rental state prices significantly in 2013. We said in a couple of calls ago that we remain bullish in New York that we felt that the supply-demand balance could have shifted further quickly by changes in the supply side. We certainly did that. So I think it's fair to assume that we will benefit from it. But having said that, I just want to -- we do hedge our capacity portfolio, and you shouldn't account for one-to-one benefit on our portfolio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So in the past, we have given what I refer to as the cost of new entry spark spread around $30 per megawatt hour. The compensation of that spark spread is heavily biased towards the summer months. And if I have to point out, it's basically heavily biased towards a few hours of scarcity pricing. So clearly, the market seems a little bit weaker right now. If any generation will be built, it's more peaking capacity rather than combined cycle baseload capacity. Having said that, I think some of the construction that we're seeing, not just from us but other developer, sees project-specific. If you have an advantage or not, a specific project, whether you're sharing common facilities or you have access to favorable debt, I think those are the projects that are going to move forward now. I think there is a finite amount of those projects, and when you look at the amount of reserve or capacity that is required to meet the reserve margin that Texas is targeting, it's a whole lot more than what have been announced today.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. If I can just add one more thing, when we look at bringing some of these capacities, really around rejuvenating some of our older, slow-start capacity, so as we're bringing this new fast-start capacity, we're going to evaluate the -- all 3 of them and see if we need to require them or put them in low-cost price.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, from my perspective, it's two-fold. One is -- and I think from the chart, we break out announced retirements versus projected retirements. And when I think about projected retirements, they are generations that have been cleared, but not necessarily have been determined whether they're going to exit the market or not. So I think there is a lot of asset optimization and evaluations going on right now in the market. So that's one potential check in the supply-demand balance. The second one is demand response and whether or not we have hit acceleration point. So when you have 1/2 of your reserve margin made up by demand response, and this is probably more a regulatory rather than a market question, how quickly we're going to level the playing field between demand response and generation. So if I have to point to 2, those would be the 2 big catalysts that will spark, I guess, a recovery on spark spreads.
Mauricio Gutierrez: All right. So our price target is -- we haven't disclosed this. And all I can tell you is when we look at the parameters that were published earlier, there is a couple of plus and minuses. We actually think that the auction results may be sideways to slightly lower than the '15, '16 auctions. So I would leave it at that. In terms of asset optimization retirements, we are, as David already alluded, completely focused on doing a plant-by-plant evaluation on which units are going to continue operation and which units is not economical to put the back-end control. So that's going to be an ongoing conversation. I will tell you that earlier, we announced that the Gilbert and Werner, which were 2 plants that, in the past, GenOn had continuing operations beyond 2015, we actually have filed for the deactivation of mothball. So -- but there is a lot of, I guess, of evaluation going on right now. That's the only 2 that have been publicly announced, and I'll just leave it at that, Angie.
