Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, as to the $400 million, the second half of your question, Dan, as I indicated, that is available for further allocation in 2015. We have, including the anticipated impact from the dropdowns of yield, over $250 million remaining repurchase capacity, which obviously gives us the ability to utilize that towards share repurchase over the balance of the year. As we continue to execute on those share repurchases, we would look at that remaining $400 million as additional capital allocation as we complete those share repurchases either towards additional growth CapEx or, if compelling, to augment our share repurchases subject to approval by the board. It's also, of course, available to fund the remaining growth capital, which, pursuant to our conversation in the first quarter, is still relatively robust in 2016 in similar amounts as the 2015 numbers across the 70/20/10 complex.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, I think our approach certainly through returns on any capital allocation towards growth investments is done on a risk-adjusted return basis. So when we look at contracted assets, which are obviously earmarked for yield, certainly they reflect the lower cost of capital as yield. But specifically and looking at more conventional traditional investments that comport with kind of the core generation portfolio, we do, and then our discussions with the board are informed by our current share price, which I've said in past conversations represents an opportunity cost. And so we look and proactively compare the risk-adjusted return on our own portfolio as represented by the opportunity to deploy capital towards repurchases, relative to the risk-adjusted return we see in similar investments on growth investments, and that's exactly the way we think about that comparison on an apples-to-apples basis on growth investments versus repurchasing or expanding repurchases of our own stock.
Kirkland B. Andrews: The only thing I'd add is, given what we have in place currently with Yield, which we intend to continue and ramp up the pace of as our pace of installations begins to grow. But proceeds, and more importantly, the comparative proceeds from the combination of NRG Yield and tax equity relative to the capital cost to put those leases in place – as I laid out, that first 13,000 leases results in approximately $100 million of proceeds from those two sources in excess of that capital – building that volume of installation in an order of magnitude so that the aggregate premium proceeds, if you will, meet and then ultimately exceed that overhead cost. And our expectation is that will be the way that that offset or the positive cash flow ultimately comes to pass at NRG, especially as we move into 2016 and our volume and the installations move commensurately higher to offset and exceed that fixed overhead, including marketing and G&A.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yeah. There is a slight change in distributions to non-controlling. It's just some of that has to do with timing. Some of it has to do with one of the tax equity facilities that we inherited as a part of the EME transaction. But overall, in 2015, in particular relative to, let's say, 2014, the benefits we get from the reduction in net working capital, in particular as you'll recall, we built greater inventories specifically on the oil side, as well as on the coal side moving into 2015. As we move throughout the year, we benefit from the fact that we have less investments in working capital and, in fact, a reduction in working capital, and that helps to serve to offset some of that increase in Home Solar cash flow.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, what I would say is, as I mentioned in response to Greg Gordon's question earlier, that is: we are focused on the same thing with the Home Solar business with NRG that we would believe any pure play investors should be focused on. And that's demonstrating the ability to monetize those leases at a compelling premium that meets and exceeds the amount of operating cash flow drag we have there. So we are focused on building those volumes and demonstrating the ability that that pace of installations is on a trajectory and a run rate that will allow us to demonstrate the ability to do exactly that, and that is have the proceeds from monetization exceed the operating cash flow so that the comprehensive cash flow story is a positive and growing one.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, on the second component of that question, Julien, if I understand you correctly, partially because we believe given that NRG, as I went through on the final slide of my presentation, is all about free cash flow, that's part of the reason why we have focused on telling the story around Home Solar as a comprehensive positive cash flow story along the lines of what I just discussed. That is, the receipt of proceeds from monetization of leases exceeding the operating cash flows is what we're focused on, rather than necessarily focusing on the residual value on a per-watt basis. And so that is the reason why we've kind of talked about things in that fashion. And as we move closer, and I'll ultimately give guidance in 2016, you should expect to see us provide you at least a more comprehensive view as we ramp into higher volumes in 2016 as to how that plays out in that positive cash flow story. I'm not sure if that answered completely your question. I may ask you to repeat the first part of it because I'm not sure I exactly followed what you're asking in the first piece of it, Julien.
Kirkland B. Andrews: From a returns perspective – it's Kirk. They are in line with our expectations. The dropdowns, for example, the best illustration is the dropdowns that we have achieved during the second quarter are consistent on those leases that we did drop down that were installed, with the overall guidance that we showed on aggregate proceeds relative to capital expenditures.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey. Good morning, Stephen. I think as I said on my remarks, and I will re-characterize it again. Our portfolio – the scale of our portfolio, the size of our plants, they are environmentally controlled, and they're in the low cost of the stack. We think that we are very – pretty well-positioned to weather this low commodity price scenario, and we expect to see other portfolios succumb to these very low prices. Just look at the second quarter as an example. I think you would agree with me that prices were significantly low with gas tinkering around $2.50 per MMbtu. I mean, our generation was higher in Texas quarter-over-quarter from last year to this year. And if you dig deeper, our coal generation was just slightly lower; I would say less than 5%. So we really didn't see a lot of coal to gas switching in our coal suite. On the other hand, our gas and oil units increased by over 60% in Texas, so that tells you the strength of our portfolio and the cost-competitive advantage that we have. So I guess my point is: look no further to Q2 to just give you a glimpse on how competitive our portfolio is vis-à-vis other portfolios and, yes, while the hedges gives us a runway for two years and protects the financial outlook of our portfolio, keep in mind that we dispatch our units against market prices, not necessarily against whatever hedges we put in place.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And Michael, just, I mean, keep in mind that the hedging decisions are not just based on a directional view on the commodities. It's also a combination of the free cash flow profile that we want to have and, honestly, the absolute level of CapEx. So in the next two years we're executing a significant amount of environmental retrofits and repositioning our portfolio to benefit from very positive market developments. We felt compelled to really have more visibility in these two years. But make no mistake, I mean, if – when you go out 2017 and beyond, we're very open and I think that basically tells you a little bit our point of view in terms of the future of commodity prices.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael. Look, when you look at the environmental regulations that we know now, MATS, CSAPR, we feel that the CapEx that we have provided to the Street is what we're going to require to be compliant. When you think about the other rules, and you talked specifically about ash, there's two things that I should remind you and investors. Number one is it was a very positive development to see EPA not to have ash as hazardous materials. And then, number two, that we at NRG don't necessarily have final disposal of wet ash in the company. I mean, it's hard to tell what would be the impact of the ash rule right now. From what I can see now, probably it will be in the tens of millions, not in the hundreds of millions, but that's going to depend on the testing and the monitoring systems that we're going to put in place or that we're going to go through in the next two years to three years before we need to put a compliance plan or a mediation plan by 2018. So I don't expect to see the same ramp-up of environmental CapEx that we've been through the last couple of years and that we're going through right now beyond 2017.
David Whipple Crane: Well, Greg, I mean, you sort of hit the question on the head. The first thing I would say is: I agree with you that there is, while it may not be immediately apparent there, there is actually industrial logic to keeping the conventional side of our business to get the renewable side, together with the renewable side. And I tried to allude to that in my comments. The world of energy is trending green at a very decisive pace, but the one thing that trumps being green for everybody is making sure that the lights stay on, making sure that you have electricity. And the best companies that can do that, given the fundamental intermittency of renewable power, companies are doing both conventional and doing green. So the industrial logic to me favors the path that NRG is on. But we are a public company, and we suffer whether you call it the conglomerate discount or the constant refrain that we hear that we are more complex than some of the people that Wall Street can invest in. So we have to – value maximization for shareholders is what being a public company is about. So I can't put a precise date on it, Greg. What I would tell you is: it's a combination of when does it become clear that Wall Street has difficulty digesting the idea of a conventional company going green. But the second half of the equation is having a green company within NRG that not only can survive on its own feet as a public company but can win the battle field, can be as competitive as possible. So what we're about right now in 2015, and I think we're making great progress, is building – everything within our portfolio is strengthening every day. And when we get to that point, and I don't think we'll get to that point in 2015. And I would say probably in 2016 if we have, as you say, the sum of the parts where each of the parts or some combination of the parts is strong enough and if that's the path that is going to result in shareholder value maximization, then we'll take it at that time. So we're looking at it every day. Everything's on the table, but right now the instruction within the company that everyone here at this table will say is, the primary focus for everyone is building the strongest business that they possibly can in the area that they compete in.
David Whipple Crane: Michael, it's a good question and I can always count on you to try and ask another hedging question that you know Mauricio and Chris won't answer with any specificity. But nonetheless, here they go, not answering your question.
David Whipple Crane: The answer to that question, Steve, is the shortest answer I've ever given on a – is yes. We have flexibility. And you are right in assuming that the auction represents an important set of indicators for us. So, yes, you're right. The next month is important and decisions will be made based on what we see.
David Whipple Crane: And just one thing to add to that, and, Kelcy, correct me if I'm wrong, but if you think about how long it takes to get solar energized on your roof from the time you order, there's almost no consumer decision in America that takes longer to create consumer gratification. So it's something that we are very focused on, and in fairness to the other people in our industry, they're very focused on it as well. But the single biggest delay within that period is beyond the control of the solar installer. It's the time that the utility takes to interconnect. And there's been some recent study of that in the press that indicates at least one East Coast utility that's the worst at getting systems energized. And so the more that a light is shined on the fact that that has a potential to hurt customer satisfaction, then I think that's important. I draw the analogy: it's like when you ask for the check at the restaurant and you're anxious to get home and they take half an hour to give you the opportunity to pay for your meal, it's very frustrating to the customer. So that's probably the main thing within the time cycle that we'd like to see shortened. And right now, it's beyond our control.
David Whipple Crane: Well, thank you. And Latoya, we're very close to the top of the hour. And so, I think we'll conclude the call here. Again, we appreciate everyone taking the time, starting an hour earlier, and we'll look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Kelcy Pegler - President: No, I think what's been discussed here today is we are a growth business, positioned in this sophisticated corporation. And we're tasked with building the strongest and most sustainable Home Solar business with what's complete awareness for our position in the space with our pure play competitors. But really, we're resolved in building a long-term sustainable approach around some of the competitive advantages that we have and certainly the customer base that exists. I think the past year, what we've seen is the top tier has really come into focus. A year ago, if you said: who are the top tier players; there'd probably be double-digit companies that were vying to be included in that. Today, I think what you've seen is this top tier, which would be four or five companies, gain share, us included in that. And the rest of the space has moved backwards. So we're pleased with the success we have, which has mainly been built on our East Coast performance, and we're excited about a lot of the seeding and developments that we've done in half one, that we believe will deliver results. And that conviction is built on best months in business consecutively both June and July. So we have a lot to be optimistic about.
Kelcy Pegler - President: Yeah. What I can say is this also would be a California-centric topic. What you see in California is more market maturity with permit authorities and interconnection utilities. What you see on the East Coast beyond seasonality is some longer time lines. I think we fare well competitively as it refers to time, but we're committed to time cycle reduction. We used to – a year ago, I think you could say it would be at least 90 days. I think today you see a path to around 75 days is where we're living on timed install from signature to energization. And as California becomes a more material portion of our business and as we continue to focus on time cycle reductions, both those metrics will continue to improve.
Kelcy Pegler - President: The graph would look similar. It would trail about a quarter right now, so if you were to look at energized systems graphically, it would show similar to booking.
