Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. To close, I want to leave you with our scorecard on slide 13. We have made excellent progress on all our stated objectives from simplifying the company and streamlining costs to strengthening our balance sheet and creating financial flexibility to better manage this commodity cycle. Importantly, I want to note the significant progress we have made in continuing to strengthen the relationship with our strategic partner, NRG Yield. This partnership provides yet another significant point of differentiation between NRG and other IPPs, adding to our stable base of earnings and allowing us to replenish capital for assets we develop and drop down with strong returns. Last quarter, we focused on strengthening our yieldco by putting in place a dedicated CEO to focus solely on growing this business. This quarter, we enter into an agreement to drop down NRG's remaining stake in CVSR. Going forward, we remain committed to finding and developing projects that we complete in the dropdown pipeline. Throughout the organization, our performance and progress in meeting our objectives has been impressive and I look forward to updating you on our continued progress over the coming months. Andrea, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure. Look I mean I – as you could see on my prepared remarks, Greg, Generation business actually benefited from three main reasons. One was the hedge profile that we had and the opportunistic hedging that we've consistently done over the last couple of years. Two, we have actually focused on managing costs. We look at optimizing our maintenance CapEx, our outages and we're trying to be consistent with the way the portfolio is running today which is not the same way the portfolio ran before. So, we need to adjust our operating philosophy. And then last one, I think we also benefited from capacity revenues coming from our South Central region, where in the past, we've said that we were able to move some megawatts into the PJM capacity auction. And so those are the three big drivers on the Generation business, Greg.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, I've heard the frustration about moving gas prices up and power not following through. I think what I wanted to represent in this slide is that in Texas, it's actually – we have seen dark spreads move significantly both in terms of heat rate expansion and following natural gas. With respect to PJM, I think the story's slightly different. If you look at gas basis in PJM, have actually significantly decreased over the summer. And I think that is putting some pressure on the spark spreads. I am not of the theory that coal generators are running uneconomically in the region. I just think that you're seeing an influx of combined cycles, you're seeing pretty good gas prices or low gas prices compared to the forward markets a couple of months ago. And I think the combination of those two are just putting some pressure on the spark equivalent. On a long-term basis, as the market implemented capacity performance standards and we're seeing this massive turnover between coal and natural gas. We should expect more pressure on spark spreads. I mean the capacity performance market was designed to ensure that generators have more availability during scarcity conditions. So as we look past 2017, and towards the end of the decade, I expect to have more pressure on the spark spread in PJM and be more constructive on capacity prices. I mean that's why we shifted the strategy in the East, particular in PJM, towards becoming a capacity resource as opposed to providing energy. We still maintain that option on energy and it's a cheap option, but most of the investments that we have made are on the back of what we think is a more constructive part of the market which is the capacity one.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Michael. Look, as I indicated, I think we're tracking towards the upper end of the guidance. I mean, it is the second quarter. We have a lot of the summer ahead of us and I think it's just prudent to keep our guidance the way we had it. We're very comfortable with the position that we have, we're very comfortable with the hedging that we have for balance of the year. But let's keep in mind that we still have August and September which can be really hot in Texas. And I think it was – it's just – from a prudency standpoint, we felt that it was the right thing to do to maintain our guidance.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, Michael, we're venturing here in the realm of the possible and what I will tell you is that in PJM, we have actually two ways of participating in that market. Clearly through the GenOn entity but also our Midwest Generation portfolio that we acquired from Edison Mission and that's close to 4,000 megawatts. So it's not necessarily an inconsequential position. Actually in many places, you have the scale and the scope. So, when we think about the portfolio, even without in the possibility of not having the GenOn entity, we feel very comfortable with the geographic diversification that we have across – in all competitive markets, including PJM. And just keep in mind that in the latest auction, actually the ComEd area where our Midwest Gen portfolio sits was probably the one that was the most constructive in the capacity auction results. So, clearly, we will re-evaluate the makeup of our portfolio, but I think that doesn't necessarily changes the underlying value proposition of an integrated platform with diversity across fuel, merit order, and geographic location, and with a focus towards the more stable part of our business which is contracted assets through our renewable development portfolio and our partnership with Yield, our capacity focus, and our Retail business. So, I don't think it changes the value proposition for NRG or our strategy going forward.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Julien, I mean, I've said it before. I think the Texas market continues to be one of the most effective markets in the country, particularly from where we're starting. If you look at the spark spreads, if you look at power prices, they were completely oversold the last couple of months. And that basically shifted some of the bullishness that we have in that respective market. When you look at the fundamental there, even the first half of the year, we have very, very strong growth, and if I'm not mistaken, yesterday, we set a new all-time record in Texas. So, load growth continues; load growth is very robust. We like the market structure. We like the higher price cuts. I think there are improvements that need to happen, particularly on ORDC and to make sure that we have better price signals when we enter into scarcity conditions. And as you mentioned, I mean I think there is a risk for rationalization in supply, in retirements. My expectation is that, if we continue to see this current level of pricing, there are some old steam units and perhaps some environmentally uncontrolled coal plants, that will retire because they are not going to be able to make the math work when putting back in controls. Look, I mean I don't want to be myopic in terms of the regional haze and what will happen, and it stayed and we're going to go through the process. But behind the regional haze, you have the ELG. You have the 1-hour SO2. I mean you have a number of other environmental regulations. I think ultimately, smaller or medium sized coal units that are not controlled or well controlled, the outlook is just not going to look very promising. And perhaps it delays the retirement decision one or two years, but I think, ultimately, people will make the right economic decision. And the low gas price environment and the low spark spread environment accelerated some of that. I mean, we actually filed to mothball one of our old steamers. It was needed for reliability. Other generators have done the same. I think you're going to continue to see that in the coming years if something doesn't drastically change in the market. But we're starting to see some recovery, Julien.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, it's very difficult to speculate a settlement on haze with the EPA. I mean, as I said, I mean, I think there is a number of other environmental regulations that will be limiting. And even under the regional haze, you have other parts of that regulation that's still applicable in the region. So my view and my take is perhaps a little bit more generic that environmental regulations are going to be more stringent. And if you don't have good backend controls or you're in a good location or you're actually burning a lower sulfur coal, that – making the math work will be difficult.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, Julien, I mean, I don't want to speculate on how we're going to be allocating cost and any potential outcomes. I mean, I think what I said about the GenOn situation is that, it's early. We are in active dialogue – or GenOn is in active dialogue with their creditors. I've laid out kind of the three principles that we're going to apply as we navigate through this process, simplifying the capital structure. And we are maximizing value and ensuring that we don't impact negatively the credit metrics of NRG. And as we go through this process, we're going to be using these three principles to make sure that we make the right economic decision. So, I mean, beyond that, Julien, it's really just – speculating is probably not the prudent thing to do as we go through this process right now.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look. I mean, I'm very pleased with the progress that we have made on all the priorities, and that has afforded us the opportunity to be looking at some other strategic objectives clearly accelerating the GenOn discussion is one, but in a more general theme, I'm looking at – continue to perfect the integrated platform that we have. And that goes from the Generation portfolio to Renewables, to our Retail, whether it's residential or C&I. I am evaluating what parts of the value proposition that we have need to be strengthened and which opportunities are available in these four core businesses that we have. So, beyond just giving you more specifics, what I will tell you is that perhaps we're pivoting weaker towards looking at other strategic opportunities as we have made such a good progress on the deleveraging front.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. I think that's fair. When I think about capital allocation, I made the case that we needed to focus on deleveraging that was the right thing to do given where we were on the commodity cycle. As we are getting now significantly below our 4.25 target, we can start focusing on returning capital to shareholders or some other growth investments. So, as I said, it's been good progress and perhaps a little ahead of schedule that we can actually turn our attention into that. But for 2016, most of the capital is committed. For 2017, certainly we will evaluate the other two options that we have.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean when you think about the Retail book, just – our fixed price obligations on Retail don't extend beyond 6 to 12 months. And for the most part, they're hedged. They're hedged to expected lows, plus some variability around weather and different weather scenarios. We buy options to manage that variability. So if – in the short term, if gas prices increase, it doesn't necessarily impact our Retail business. I think in the long term, we have the opportunity to price low at the current market prices. So, it's further mitigated by that. I think where you'll see the difference is just in terms of the cycle around Retail in a low commodity priced environment where you have higher loads, then you can benefit from that because I guess on the margin on megawatt, you have expansion on margins. That situation doesn't necessarily happen in higher gas prices, particularly in the short term. Again, longer term, you always price at market, so you don't necessarily – our Retail business is not necessarily impacted by it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, it's hard to say. I mean, this requires a number of stakeholders in the process. Certainly, the next summer is the first maturity that we have, the 2017s. From my perspective, we're trying to have a comprehensive long-term solution for GenOn. And that just resonates with one of the principles that I outlined, which is simplifying the capital structure or simplifying the message and the organization at the NRG level. So I'm looking at finding a long-term comprehensive solution and not necessarily just dealing with one specific maturity or not.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look. I mean, I'm not going to venture into providing guidance for 2017 or any indication. I think what I can tell you is that our CapEx program gets reduced by $650 million. And starting in 2017, I said it before, we're going to harvest some of the investments that we have made over the past two to three years to reposition the portfolio. So I think that combined with, as you said, some of the cost actions that we have taken in terms of streamlining of the organization, reducing costs, resizing and recalibrating businesses that were underperforming, so I think the combination of that, plus the outlook that we've had on 2017, particularly around natural gas, which is starting to play out, I think when you combine that, it starts giving you at least some direction what some of the levers and the drivers are.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I am not sure that we've disclosed that, but if we have, we'll follow up with you. What I will tell you is that all the asset sales that we did, one, were non-core assets; two, they were done at pretty strong multiples compared to the EBITDA, and I think, three, capitalized actually in some of the particular outcomes on the capacity auctions and energy market. So we were – I was very pleased with the execution. It exceeded our initial target. And I think for now, we're going to pause. I mean, I don't think there is any additional asset sales that we need to do but I don't believe we have disclosed that EBITDA number.
