David Crane: Thank you, Chris. Before we open the line for questions, let me just make three quick points for you to keep in mind. The first is I think that we're demonstrating, as I said, even three years into the commodity price down cycle, we're showing uneven in these circumstances the company is demonstrating substantial free cash flow generation. Secondly, we do have investment opportunities lead by solar, which are very attractive in absolute terms and from a risk perspective and also are much shorter in terms of how soon they contribute to EBITDA because of the shorter construction cycle. And finally, to follow on Chris' last point, we do have substantial liquidity to deploy. And I think our track record over the last six years has indicated our ability to allocate and deploy capital in a manner that enhances the value of the company from medium to long term. So we hope and expect to continue to do that for the benefit of NRG shareholders. So with that, Zumira, we'd be happy to take any questions that you have on the line.
David Crane: I can actually answer the first question, Jon. I mean, our process with the DOE has gone on and served occurrence with the schedule we've had with them. If it's affected the way the government looks at these loan guarantees internally, we're just not in a position to -- I don't know, I don't know. It's like the old iceberg. We don't see what happens beneath the surface. So we have not picked up any sort of meaningful, visible, tangible change in the way the government's approach to us as a result of the Constellation Calvert Cliffs situation. If you have another question on that, I don't like to not be able to answer it.
David Crane: Well, right now, the arrangement with Toshiba is that their capital contributions have been put into projects through credit facilities, to NINA. But we will probably be able to give you more final details on that on the next quarterly call.
David Crane: Well, first of all, the significant upside in '12, we could not -- first of all, I think that what I said was that we're bouncing along the bottom of the trough. I'm not sure that I predicted a full recovery in the year 2012, but maybe a guy will hung up on that. I mean, why did we not go after the full company of Dynegy, I would say that we didn't feel that with the exposure that the company has in terms of the coal assets, and I think that you know from the SEC filings that Dynegy is listed in terms of the description of the discussions that occurred with that. We made it very clear from the beginning that we were not interested in owning the Midwest coal assets. And that was really a factor, two factors that caused us to feel that way. One, as you yourself mentioned, we have a significant amount of that in our own portfolio already. And the second thing, and we've been consistent about this ever since the response to the Exelon situation, as we consider the Midwest, in my seven years in this company, we have never been attracted to the Midwest as a place where we really want to be very active. And I would say that lack of interest in the Midwest has gotten greater over those years because we find the prospects for demand growth in the Midwest. In the Midwest, the country are more challenging than on the coast, and we also think that the Midwest market is being coal-on-coal competition for the most part. That's not very attractive to begin with. But also, we think it's subject to a risk from a build out of wind capacity coming out of it. And so that just wasn't our cup of tea. And obviously, those a big part of the overall value of Dynegy.
David Crane: Yes, I may ask Chris mostly to answer that question. And on your previous comment, feel free to call me if you want to discuss.
David Crane: I'm going to ask Chris to answer the second question. But I'm going to throw my body in front of him on the first question. I mean, with where the Dynegy transaction is right now in terms of the shareholder vote coming up, we'd rather not talk at all about what we see as the earning power of Dynegy next year or the year after, anything like that. We would give you more information about that, probably the next time we talk, assuming the next time we talk is after November 17 or whatever the day is. But we just really would rather not get into that right now. But, Chris, on the Reliant question.
David Crane: Well, Greg, I can only comment, I mean, think what I'm going to tell you is something that if you avidly followed the trade press, you would've already seen in the press. I'm not sure it's going to be that illuminating. But if the Dynegy transaction was defeated, a, obviously we would have no idea why it was defeated or what the plan of Dynegy would be going forward and whether the assets that we had contracted to sale would be available for sale from someone else. If someone offered those assets to us, we were free of our obligation -- when were free from our obligation to Blackstone to consider, we obviously would consider it. And to me, it's a blinding glimpse of the obvious. But given the change in the gas curves since August, we would be offering a lower price. I'm not going to talk about how much of a lower price. But there is another factor is that, we would have to be certain that whoever we were buying the assets from, the transaction was structured in a way that was bankruptcy remote, that we were not subject to a potential unwinding of the transaction due to fraudulent conveyance. So that would be a potential obstacle as well. So the potential permutations of what might happen are so great. That's about all I can tell you right now. On the alternative use of the liquidity, I'll just repeat what we've said. We have a lot of investment opportunities. The Dynegy assets were particularly attractive to us, but they're not the only combined cycle power plant in the United States that are on the market today. And I previously stated in many meetings that I actually thought that the absolute best time to be buying combined cycle power plants most probably can be in the first part of 2012. And then of course, there's the possibility of redeploying the capital in terms of return of capital to stakeholders. And obviously, there is the possibility for share buyback. But as we did borrow money in August in order to finance the Dynegy transaction, there's also the possibility of paying down some debt. So, Chris, did you want to...
David Crane: Yes, I mean, it certainly is a comfortable cash balance for us. As I said during the prepared remarks, of the $1.5 million, we typically like to keep about $700 million for working capital and margin calls and the like. And the rest of that, so the other $785 million odd are available for both share repurchases and investments and other opportunities, repowering assets, other solar opportunities or other green opportunities. So we think we've got ample fire power both to look at the opportunities that David thinks would be available as well as to return to shareholders as well.
David Crane: Well, I think that there is growth in the last four or five years. They have averaged a compound annual growth of the 20% to 25% range. And so again, being cautious people as we sort of project forward, we don't project that type of increase because again we're cautious people. But they demonstrated that over each of the last four or five years. And certainly, we think that as I mentioned in my comments, the Green Mountain can penetrate into markets that they haven't, and they've been moving outside of Texas. Their principal area of expansion to date had been in New York City, and we wanted to think in a sort of methodical way. But certainly, we think there are other markets in the Northeast that they can move into. But I think the most obvious thing is that as a small company in the C&I business, Green Mountain has focused on very, very small commercial customer. And our sense and I think there are a lot of anecdotes and data points on this, I'll spare you my Philadelphia cream cheese example, but -- so it seems that a growing number of businesses in the United States that are facing the American consumer are seeing the benefit of sending a Green Energy message. And we think that's the trend it's going to accelerate in, and we expect Green Mountain to be a big part of that trend. So we think there's multiple avenues for growth with Green Mountain, and really, the most challenging one is which ones we prioritize and focus on so we don't spread too fast.
David Crane: To me, we have that one slide in the presentation, on Slide 6, that sort of talks about five exits. But really, to me, it comes down to basically two sort of interconnected exits. One is the loan guaranty and the others the that PPA obligation, and they're tied together because the PPA obligation has the condition of the loan guarantee. And, Jay, what I can say is it's always hard to predict the development business, and we clearly get subject to complete impact in Washington, where there's just no money that's appropriated for nuclear loan guarantees even though I think President Obama yesterday said that when I'm told, I didn't see despite when he was asked, which areas does our room for cooperation with the Republic, and I think I would sell a nuclear with the first thing of the second thing that you've said. And so in a sense, we should think that there's a scenario, where the election result is beneficial. But the nuclear needs, the loan guaranty appropriation, and if that doesn't happen, obviously, that's a very, very clear exit ramp. The slightly less clear exit ramp is, okay, we got the loan guaranty, but conditional on offtake and what I would tell you about that is that our sense because we're working the offtake question very hard right now is that within a few months of getting the loan guarantee, we'll know whether or not the offtake is going to happen. And if we don't get that within a few months, the fact we have always said to our shareholders that we would not go forward with STP 3 & 4 as a fully emerging plan. The amount of offtake that's being required by the DOE is pretty much the same as what that we were going to insist exist upon anyway. So the exact timing is uncertain, Jay. But I certainly expect that by the summer of 2011, assuming we got the loan guaranty well before that, we should know whether or not the offtake's going to happen or not going to happen.
David Crane: Well, I mean, RP basket is the main pacing item. And so apart from that, I wouldn't expect any huge change in the company's policy today. But Chris, do you have...
David Crane: Well, thank you very much, and thank you all. I know there are other earnings calls that are already going on. So we appreciate you taking time to listen to the NRG story. Thank you very much.
Christian Schade: I would say that half of that are from projects that have been either in the ground or announced and, the rest are the ones that we would expect to announce very soon to qualify for the cash grant.
Christian Schade: Certainly, in the Northeast, in PJM, we saw heat rates clearing at a fairly high level than certainly in Texas as well. We saw good heat rate expansion, both in the prompt and in the future quarters.
Christian Schade: Yes, I mean, we view the steady state for Reliant business to be a $400 million to $500 million business. So I think given our experience now in the business, we view that that would be, that the base case with the upsides to improvement in that would be, and I would assume normalized weather. The upside there would be that the weather is as it’s been for the last couple of years, which favors the results. Also, if there is a lower than forecast decline in volumes and our ability to hold customers at higher margins. So given our experience over the last two years with Reliant, I think I would take exception to your $300 million baseline and say that we're certainly targeting $400 million to $500 million of steady state.
Christian Schade: Yes, certainly, we have some calls coming up particularly in the near maturities like the 2004 maturities, which look attractive or beginning to look attractive come the February call date, which I think are about (inaudible). So if there was no other use for the cash, as David said, then certainly we would love to pay down and/or redeem those bonds.
Christian Schade: Sure. I mean, just to look at the Wholesale business first. I mean, as you said, we're nearly 100% hedged. But, however, if there's an upturn in gas, then we would expect to see an increasing result of around $60 million during the year. There's also some variability in our gas leak results. So with an increase in both gas prices and heat rates, there could be an upward revision of sort of $15 million for them. Also, as we said during the presentation, we have built-in a 6% decrease in costs across our O&M and G&A with about $1 billion of costs. If there are additional 1% to 2% decreasing cost, then that can obviously add to our results as well. And as David said, the management team, we're very much focused on the improvements we can squeeze out of the business. In retail, the range that we have in there contemplates certain load variability due to weather. And then also, if we see lower than expected attrition rates than we previously forecast, that would increase results. Also, if there is a decline in gas and this speaks sort of to the hedge against our Wholesale business, then that would most likely improve results for Reliant. And finally, it's very clear that we guided $500 million of EBITDA for 2010, and we've exceeded that by nearly $200 million we expect to for the year. So changes in weather and other changes to the exogenous markets, obviously, have a very large influence on those results.
Christian Schade: Yes, the basket currently stands at about $150 million. As we said, we completed the 2010 plan. And they're obviously, at this time, when we look at 2011, what appear there is liquidity for us to execute a share repurchase program. And we'll get to that announcement with some precision when we do our year-end call in February.
