David W. Crane: Well, thank you, Kirk. And operator, Katrina, I think we should turn straight to questions. I think we have about 15 minutes for questions. So we're happy to answer any questions that anyone has.
David W. Crane: Well, Angie, I mean, it's hard for us to obviously determine any sort of critical regulatory process and how influenced they are by -- in terms of market design by short-term movements. I would say, for the most part, I wouldn't say that sort of a weather-driven situation in Texas is going to change the fundamental attitudes for or against. I would say the most important thing is as the forward price in Texas moves away from replacement price, the chance that a bunch of people start to build power plants without a change in the market design becomes more remote. And so I think, for the people charged with maintaining the stability of the system and keeping the lights on, I think it may incrementally increase their desire to make a change. But it's a pretty indirect connection. Mauricio, I don't know if you have a different point of view about it than that.
David W. Crane: Well, okay, I think I got the question now. What I would say, starting on the capital allocation front and then segueing effortlessly and smoothly into an M&A discussion is, the approach we've taken in the past, certainly our firepower has been enhanced by the proceeds we got from NRG Yield. But the fundamental approach we have, prudent balance sheet management, sort of -- we've always been fortunate enough to have enough cash flow to apply to debt reduction. We've done share buybacks, but we've also had enough money to take advantage of opportunities in the M&A world. And I think that, that balanced approach is going to continue. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, our immediate goal, as Kirk laid out for everyone, was we've got to finish our 2013 program. To us, it's really pointless to sort of think about doing anything beyond that until we finish what we undertook to do earlier in the year. So that's really what our eyes are set on in terms of from now through the end of the year. Beyond that, we'll look at the circumstances, discuss it with our board and maybe have more to say on the November call. On the M&A front, what I would tell you is, you've mentioned the challenging M&A environment that's in our merchant space. But as we saw with the GenOn transaction, to me, there's more opportunity the more challenging it is. As I like to say, Stephen, I'm sure you've heard me say this in many occasions before, it's when there's no hope that there's the best opportunity to make acquisitions at a price that makes sense. So we hope to see opportunity even on the merchant space precisely because it is a challenging environment to make money. And we've shown that one way you can make money with those type of assets is through consolidation. But also, it used to be that if there was a contracted asset out there, we wouldn't even really bother to take a look at it because we knew we weren't going to be able to compete with the Canadians or someone else with those assets. And now, again, because NRG has the sense of what NRG Yield's cost of capital should be, I think we can be more competitive on that front as well. But my final point, Stephen, is we're not specifically setting aside money at the NRG level, because while now we're going to go out there and set the world afire with 20 acquisitions in the next 2 months because you never know. I mean, it takes a willing seller willing to accept a reasonable price. And often what we've found in my 20 years in this industry is that there are willing sellers, but they don't have a reasonable point of view about what the price should be.
David W. Crane: Neil, you want that in both -- I mean, are you more focused on Texas, Northeast or you want sort of a -- well, Elizabeth, why don't you -- I mean, I'm sure you're asking about Texas, so why don't you start with an answer on Texas and then, Jim, if you want to add any comment on the Northeast, go ahead.
David W. Crane: Mauricio, do you want to answer that? And I think, Mauricio, when you're done, I think we'll just call it a day at that point.
David W. Crane: Okay. We appreciate everyone looking -- joining us on this call, and we look forward to talking to you at or before our next quarterly call. Thank you, operator.
Kirkland B. Andrews: No. I think you've covered it, David. Certainly, the point to underscore is that the ROFO Assets, in particular, now that we've provided you some additional detail, Jon, around those, give us a lot of confidence in terms of the tangible pipeline to drive that growth rate that you mentioned. And looking at the other opportunities David had mentioned, that more than anything will drive the pace in terms of delivering all that. And from a valuation standpoint, I think that's also a function, of course, of the independent directors, I think, as David may have mentioned. And I would expect on larger drop downs, that would also be informed the degree to which the independent directors of NRG Yield determine to access a third-party adviser on the value of those assets.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. And you're correct, I can't give you that number in detail off the top of my head and don't have it directly in front of me. But the order of magnitude of those particular assets from a leverage perspective should be directionally towards that leverage, if not a little higher than that, just given the preponderance of those particular assets or -- are more along the lines of the DOE loan guarantee, which tend to be a little bit larger in terms of the leverage capacity.
Kirkland B. Andrews: No, that's correct. That's as of June 30. But importantly, if you'll notice included, because we're accounting for NRG Yield on a pro forma basis, which obviously didn't close as of June 30, but on this page, looking to depict that, that cash balance is both pro forma for the Gregory acquisition, as well as pro forma for the cash from NRG Yield.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Keith, it's Kirk. To address that question, on the collateral side, some portion of the collateral that's posted, yes, is for positions that we expect to roll off over the balance of the year. But with the volatility and the movements that we see in the commodities markets, obviously, the additional collateral posting is obviously increasingly difficult to predict. But we expect a good portion of that to come back and another portion of that to be supportable through the posting of LCs, if deemed necessary. And that's also part of the reason why we have the $900 million liquidity reserve.
Kirkland B. Andrews: As to the change in the corporate side, I actually don't have that particular number in front of me at present, but I think we can follow up with you on that one offline.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And Keith, I guess, just a word on the hedging strategy. I mean, I want to just make sure and point out that for the summer, we were significantly hedged, our coal portfolio. And we have told you over the past couple of quarters that we will have a long biased position around our gas portfolio, given the tight fundamentals that we see in the market. Then certainly, I laid out the value proposition for this summer, given the regulatory changes that we have seen and the tighter reserve margins that we were expecting, which hasn't played out yet. Going forward, we're going to continue to maintain the same discipline on hedging the gas portfolio. Keep in mind that we want to have a -- we will be consistent with our fundamental view, and we will continue to have a long biased position so long we believe that the Texas have strong fundamentals, which we believe they do.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. I mean, I guess, just to complement or to add, the memo filed by Chairman Nelson, I think, they're looking at this the right way, which is, first, evaluate whether they need a mandated reserve margin; second, looking at what is the mechanism to achieve that target reserve margin. And what is the most effective mechanism of doing that? I think there's been multiple parties that have been pro a capacity market to be the more cost-effective way of doing that. I will tell you, Angie, that I think a lot of that and the probability whether or not capacity is more likely will be determined once the next commissioner gets appointed. And given that Texas legislative has ended their session, we expect somebody to be named within the next couple of weeks. So I think that will resume the talks around the resource adequacy for Texas on the long term.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Neil, so I guess, a couple of things. One, and I alluded to that on my script, there's been a reversal of coal-to-gas switching. And if you look at the gas pricing scenario last year versus this year, there is almost $1.52 to $2 higher. So that basically put our coal facilities in the money. Prices certainly have come down and basis have contracted across the PJM pool, but we still see premiums on the Eastern side where we have most of our baseload portfolio. With respect to the gas, the gas basis and the potential dynamics to that, we certainly don't expect gas prices to fall back to spring of 2012 levels, but we are seeing a significant bottle of -- I guess, bottled gas around the Marcellus shale. We presented the economics for new builds. We looked at the sensitivity of gas, which I think we tried to capture the potential dynamic. And even with that, we see a significant gap between the current market and the new-build economics needed, not now, but in 3, 4 years down the road, given our capacity options. So what I would say is, we don't expect kind of a go back to the coal-to-gas switching situation that we saw last year, even with the drop in gas prices around the Marcellus Shale.
