David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. As I had typically done in the past and because this is the last earnings call of the year, I'd like to take a few moments to assess the progress we have made this year -- I mean the goals we set at the beginning of the year, and this is on Slide 22. It would be easy for me to say our stock prices performed pretty well this year so we've had good performance, but we like to think a good stock price performance, in mathematical terms, is the product of our top-to-sell operating performance, times the aggressive and effective implementation of well-thought-through strategic initiatives. On both fronts, I feel like we've had a great year. Across our conventional portfolio, while wholesale prices in Texas did not come through like we had hoped, we've brought online, on time and on budget over 1,400 megawatts of new gas-fired generation across the fleet nationally. Additionally, we increased the amount of free cash flow synergies from the GenOn combination by over 60% from the original $300 million a year identified when we first announced the transaction to over $408 million now. In our retail business, even though we've experienced some challenges in both the Northeast and in the C&I parts of the retail business, our leading retail franchise in Texas remains quite strong, and we continue to bundle new products and services such as demand response with our energy solutions to further strengthen the retail business, which remains a very significant and steady contributor to NRG's corporate-wide strong cash flow. And across our clean energy franchise, we now have over 1,650 megawatts gross of solar and wind assets, which are soon to be augmented by another 1,700 megawatts of renewable generation from the Edison Mission fleet. We also vowed, at the beginning of 2013, to make the most important goal we set for ourselves in this area, was to highlight the full value of our leading solar platform. And with the success of NRG Yield, we feel that we have done just that. Before I close, I would be remiss in not mentioning our existing $200 million stock buyback program, which the EME transaction has prevented us from completing. With respect to capital allocation, we have always prided ourselves on being prudently balanced and on being value-maximizing. This has required us to be flexible so that we can deploy capital when we see value-enhancing opportunities in front of us such as the Edison Mission transaction. As such, while completing our 2013 share buyback program is off the table for the time being, we look forward to fulfilling our commitment once the EME transaction is completed and our unrestricted funds have been replenished. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator, to Janeyda, to -- so we can answer your questions.
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, we haven't picked a time specifically, I mean, I'd be interested in your feedback. But I mean, with the holidays coming up fairly shortly after there, I think we were thinking early January. I mean, one thing is for certain, we now ask people to wait until our next call, which would be in late February. So -- but I mean, if there's a big difference in Newark, if you think between early January and the call we would otherwise schedule on December 25, we'd be happy to hear about it.
David W. Crane: Paul, I mean, I don't really think we can. I mean, I think that for the most part, about all I can tell you is that if you look at the playbook that we followed for the GenOn transaction, it's pretty precisely the playbook we plan on following for the -- for Mission. And so I would sort of expect the same sort of thing. I mean, there's a certain amount that we're going to be able to talk about in terms of what we think we can achieve by putting the company together. But in the same way when we did the GenOn transaction, there were things that we were not comfortable sort of estimating in quantitative terms until we had actually owned the assets and got to a certain level of detail that comes with ownership as opposed to the level of detail that comes with due diligence, then we felt more comfortable to talk more specifically. I think that coal assets in Illinois, those are -- they definitely sort of fall in the second category. That's the more complicated part of the story. So the way we look at them and evaluate them in Illinois could be very much the way we evaluated the GenOn acquisition and the new assets we had in Pennsylvania, in particular, but also in Maryland.
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, there's no doubt that, I mean, we like to pride ourselves as a company that we can do several things at one time. But I mean, this is a big transaction, and the big transactions tend to be sequential, number one. Number two, the more transactions you do, the less -- potential transactions, there are less to be done. So I wouldn't say that we've shut down our ability to sort of look at what's available in the industry. But I would say, Paul, what we want to do is we want to be sort of actively engaged in the market because as you could tell by the general context of our earnings call, the commodity price environment at the wholesale side of the business remains extremely challenged. And the time that you want to be a buyer of assets in this space is when there's no hope. When the future looks as dire as possible, that's when you want to be a buyer because that sense of sort of giving up is what causes the price to be at a level where we can continue to do what we've tried to do, which is to accumulate assets in the sector in a way where we -- basically, we can reduce the cost structure because this is a scale business. And so we want to be as active as we can because we think it's a good time to be a buyer, precisely because the commodity price environment is so weak. But we have to recognize that with GenOn just done and Edison Mission still in our forward sights, there are limits to what else we could do until the Edison Mission deal is done.
David W. Crane: Yes, I would say that the retail contracts, in terms of the residential and whatnot, it tend to definitely be at the shorter-term nature, but the C&I certainly extends beyond 3 years. And that's not a small part of the portfolio that we have.
David W. Crane: Well, Janeyda, I want to thank you, and I want to thank everyone again who participated on the call for taking time out from their schedule in Orlando or otherwise for participating. And we look forward to talking to you before next quarter, about the Edison Mission transaction. So thank you very much.
