Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. Just a few final remarks on our priorities for the year on slide 17. And as always, our first priority is to deliver on our financial and operational goals. We're focused on executing our Transformation Plan objectives and bringing our announced asset sales to a timely close in the second half of the year. In 2017, it was a priority to find a comprehensive resolution for GenOn, and during the year, we were able to achieve this objective. Now, with a plan confirmation by the courts, we're focused on working with GenOn on transition services so that GenOn may be a standalone company by September of 2018. I want to acknowledge that 2017 was an important year for our company and we underwent a series of changes stemming from multiple strategic initiatives. I am very proud of our success in greatly simplifying our business and positioning ourselves to thrive under any market cycles. I look forward to continuing our conversation about the long-term strategy and prospects of the company at our Analyst Day on March 27. I want to thank you for your time today and your interest in NRG. And with that, Sonia, we are now ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. So, Stephen, let me answer the question with, I guess, two timeframes. The first is 2018, because we have seen a pretty significant increase in prices for this summer, and then perhaps longer-term, which is more of a structural change. So, for summer of 2018, our Generation business is very well positioned. We actually disclosed in the Appendix our hedge percentages now on a pro forma basis. And as you're going to see, we are about 30% open on our heat rate exposure. So, we are – from a Generation standpoint, we're well positioned to benefit from the market tightening – or the tightening conditions that exist in the market. Our Retail business is well positioned as well. As you recall, we back-to-back all our Retail, I guess, load and about half of our portfolio is fixed price. So you should expect that that half of the portfolio is completely locked in and the margins are locked in. The other half is in variable pricing. We take steps to manage that load and as the load progresses and it fixes their price, we can, what I describe is, detail or perfect the hedges that we have on that variable pricing load. Now, longer-term, 2019 and beyond, our Generation business is pretty open, as you can tell on the hedging disclosures that we have provided. So, we will benefit from any structural changes. And we believe that these repricing of the Texas market is going to continue at least for 2019 and perhaps 2020, since – which is not going to have a chance to have new-builds in the span of a year and a half or two years. Our Retail business, on the other hand, as you appreciate, if there is a structural change in the Texas market, all retailers will see this new level of pricing in the market. So, first of all, it doesn't put us in any disadvantage. Number two, having our Generation business, it offsets a little bit that margin compression that you should expect from – or that you could expect from higher prices in our Retail business, and more than offsets that. And then, the final thing that I will say is volatility creates opportunities and it creates opportunities for retail companies and generation companies that are well positioned. We saw it during the polar vortex and we actually are ready to capitalize on this opportunity as perhaps customers look – want to move to retail companies that are better capitalized, that has generation behind them and superior service that we provide. So, we see that also as an opportunity.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. Well, I mean, first is the latter part of your question, which is we're deploying $1 billion because we believe the returns on our stock are pretty attractive. And number two, we are always evaluating the market in terms of attractive opportunities. What I will say is just given where the market conditions are, those attractive opportunities are perhaps more likely in the Retail business than in the Generation business. And that's where we're going to be focusing. I mean, keep in mind that in the East, we're still long Generation. We need to continue growing our Retail business both organically. And perhaps, if there is an attractive opportunity in the retail sector, we will evaluate that. But without a doubt, right now, the most compelling return for our capital is our own stock and that's where we're focusing on.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, it's one of the options that we have to returning capital to our shareholders. We laid out our priorities a couple of our earnings calls ago. And when I think of our capital deployment and capital allocation, it's just using those principles that we have already articulated to you. We need to make sure that our business is performing at the operating and financial level that we want. Now that we have line of sight after the asset sales on our credit metrics, then it gives us the opportunity to start thinking about growth or returning capital to shareholders. And in the returning capital to shareholders bucket, I mean, we have the share buybacks or a dividend. And right now, just given where the stock is, we have opted to execute on share repurchases, but dividends are a very viable way to returning capital to shareholders. We're going to continue evaluating that throughout the year. And once we finish with our initiatives and complete the repositioning of our portfolio, then we will have a robust conversation internally and with our board of directors to see what is the best way to return capital to shareholders. But, hopefully, the announcements that we're making today demonstrate and are clear examples of our commitment to be very disciplined when it comes to capital allocation
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. We provided some information about that when we announced the Transformation Plan and in subsequent calls. I would tell you that we're investing heavily in our Retail business both on our asset sale channels and our IT platform, and just the further integration of Generation and Retail, which helps us manage – or better manage and optimize our margins. In the Analyst Day, one of our objective is to provide you a lot more visibility and clarity in terms of how do we plan to achieve that $250 million. The only point that I also have made in the past is, if you look at what we have achieved the last three years, we actually grew our Retail business by $200 million. So, what we're saying is, in the next three years, we're going to grow it by another $200 million. We have done it before. It's achievable, but I am very mindful that we need to provide a lot more specificity about how we're going to do that. And I intend to do that with my colleagues, particularly Elizabeth and Rob, as responsibles of the Retail businesses, to provide more specificity about how we're going to do it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Greg. I mean, we'll provide you some more clarity during the Analyst Day, but what I can tell you today is we're going to be applying the same capital allocation principle that we have applied to date. So, while we will do that on the Analyst Day, I don't think you should expect any big surprises in terms of the disciplined approach that we're taking on capital allocation.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, first of all, we're very comfortable with the guidance that we have provided today. That's why we're reaffirming it. Number two, we're not going to tell you specifically how we are positioning ourselves for the summer. I mean, we provided you the cash disclosures on the appendix. And as you can tell, we are roughly about 30% open on our total portfolio for heat rate exposure. So, the commercial team, and Chris Moser is managing very closely the position in the summer. Now, with the further integrations that we have between Generation and Retail, we have a pretty good line of sight in terms of the needs that our Retail business needs – has to mitigate any potential impact on it. But where I stand today, I just feel very, very comfortable with the position of our business and the guidance that we have provided to you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And, Steve, let me just add that we have been very clear about our priorities. We have communicated that to all of you. Those priorities are right now on execution. That's our focus right now is to execute on those priorities. And as Kirk mentioned, I mean, once we have demonstrated that we've delivered on those commitments that we've made, then we will reevaluate. But for now, our priorities are very clear and we're executing towards them.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, that is a good observation, Shar. And we actually have been having conversations internally about that. And as you can appreciate, we're going to have – we're going to be talking to you in a more comprehensive basis around our capital allocation program, but importantly, in the context of our long-term strategy and long-term prospects that the company has. So, this is something that we're going to be getting into more detail at the Analyst Day.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And, Angie, let me just – because you were talking about comparing against previous disclosures, so I think it's important to mention that in this new hedge disclosure, I think we pulled out some of the portfolios or assets that we're selling, particularly the LaGen business. So, I just want to make sure that the team is working with you, too, as you're looking at previous disclosures with new disclosures that you're comparing apples-to-apples. And this new hedge disclosure I believe does not include the businesses that are held for sale now. But that's an important – I guess that's an important piece of information, Angie.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. But I think it's fair to say that we were expecting a market tightening in Texas. We knew that the chronic prices that we experienced over six years were going to accelerate retirements or slow down new-builds. We positioned ourselves correctly. I think we will see the benefits in our portfolio. And we will execute on our strategy – on our hedging strategy just the way we have executed in the past. We're opportunistic based on our commodity price yield. We manage our credit ratios and our balance sheet. And now, we also have to be mindful that the synergies that exist between matching Generation and Retail. So, these are the three legs of our strategic hedging program. We are not deviating from that. And I think you should expect as the year progresses and the market reprices itself or re-rates itself that we will execute accordingly.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Great. Thank you, Sonia, and thank you again for your interest in NRG. We're very excited about the changes that we have made in our portfolio and our business. And I look forward to talking to all of you at the end of the month. Thank you.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yeah. Greg, it's Kirk. That's correct. I mean that's one of the reasons why I highlighted that non-cash, obviously, non-recurring impairment charge, which – the larger impairments on the fixed assets, that's just the acceleration of depreciation, which isn't part of EBITDA. But because that's inventory which would normally go through COGS, we chose to leave that obviously as part of our deduct to get to EBITDA, but obviously highlighting the fact that that's one-time and non-cash. A couple of other elements as we roll through the statement of other (40:08) which are non-cash, we made an accrual for potential liquidated damages due to the delay of the Carlsbad project. I think that was like ZIP Code of $20 million of accrual towards the year end. And the remainder of sort of the unexpected variances, if you want to call it that for lack of a better term, we had is largely related to really the Renewables side, which is really still consolidated. We had some delays in projects reaching COD, which obviously delays their contribution of EBITDA. But overall, the main one to highlight is the $60 million you started with.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yeah, Steve. It's Kirk. I mean, obviously, you already referenced sort of the on-to-come aspect of the Transformation Plan, that $275 million. But setting the Transformation Plan trajectory to the side, yes, we feel comfortable with the underpinnings of the base business, which is what informed our confidence to sort of reaffirm using that as an anchor in that roll-forward walk that I provided for you. Our outlook is consistent with that perspective over the long-term beyond 2018, yes.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yeah. Steve, it's Kirk. Not primarily focused on it. I mean, certainly, improvements in credit ratings are something we certainly do aspire to from a cost of capital and reliability of access in the market as you sort of leg up the scale, if you will. But I think we feel comfortable with sort of the ZIP code of that BB ratio, striking the right balance between delivering the right equity return to our shareholders on the one hand and managing the risk of the balance sheet on the other, and most importantly, maintaining our confidence in the access to reasonably priced capital even through the cycle. That's not to say we continue to look towards that. I mean, as I think I maybe even said in a prior call, maybe the last call we had, we don't look at our credit ratio objectives as a set it and forget it. We continue to review those in the context of what we see, including, but not limited to, the fact that obviously the tax shield is not quite as robust today as it was a few months ago by virtue of the Tax Reform Act. So that's in constant review, but I think suffice to say, that's not a primary focus. We're comfortable with our BB target.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, to avoid repeating some of the things I said in response to Steve's question, we are comfortable and reaffirming that 3 times target. And what informs our thinking beyond what I've talked about in the past about striking the right balance and everything else is cash flow context matters to us at the end of the day. And both Mauricio and I again reiterated how pleased we are with what the knock-on effect of what we're doing in the Transformation Plan means in our ability to more efficiently translate EBITDA to free cash flow. And legging towards two-thirds or $0.67 of every $1 translating, that makes a big difference. So, if I'm comparing apples-to-apples to somebody else's at a 2 times net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, but they're converting $0.35 on every $1 where I'm converting $0.70, that calibration factor on cash flow, I think, is important not to ignore because it certainly informs our thinking. And while EBITDA is a nice statistic, cash rules the day in terms of financial flexibility. And that I think is a distinction that's worth repeating.
Chris Moser: Hey, Steve. Chris Moser here. I would think of it this way. With the integrated portfolio, the final position in any given hour is going to depend on where the Retail actuals come in and how the units perform in that given random hour out of the 700 on-peak hours we're going to see. If it's a high-load, high-price situation, we're set up to be – we're just fine in that situation. If it is extreme load and extreme price, that's going to limit the upside as the unit's length ends up covering and protecting Retail margin, so. But in an extreme load, extreme price situation in 2018, that should have some carry-forward and bleed through into 2019 and beyond, which should give us some pretty good hedging opportunities in the forwards. And keep in mind, that's an area where Retail retains a lot of pricing flexibility, given that they haven't sold everything out up there yet. So, I feel like we're in a pretty good shape right now.
Chris Moser: That's what you're looking at? Yeah, think of it as $54 million from what is arguably a higher spot.
Chris Moser: We can – let me just make sure – I am looking at the third quarter 2017 earnings presentation where the heat rate sensitivity for Texas and South Central is $62 million and the one that you have in front of you with the $54 million is Texas only. But we can run this down off the call, if you like.
Chris Moser: No. It's two things and it goes to a little bit of what I was just talking to Angie about the – if you're looking at the previous quarters, they would have had South Central included in that. And given that South Central has a pretty big short position in it against the co-op contracts, when you pull that out and you're just looking at Texas by itself or Texas and the rest of the pro forma situation, it'll look slightly less hedged. But given that South Central is, give or take, a 20% kind of a number, if you look back at 4Q 2016 for 2018, we were about 44% hedged gas. And if now we're at 4Q 2017, looking at 2019, it's kind of 26%. So, that give or take, rough and tough, looks pretty similar to where we were on an apples-to-apples basis. Unfortunately, Q4 2017, Q4 2016 aren't apples-to-apples because of the South Central being pulled out of the numbers on the 2017 number.
