Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. Moving to our 2022 priorities and expectations on slide 16. First, we will always be focused on the blocking and tackling of delivering on our financial, operational and ESG commitments, while adhering to our capital allocation principles. Beyond this, we're focusing our efforts in two key areas, provide additional disclosure to help better model our business and provide greater detail around our growth strategy. First, on our disclosures. Following the Direct Energy acquisition and our move towards consumers, we're working on a comprehensive rework that will enhance your ability to model the value of the customer. In the meantime, I want to start with the new hedging methodology slide in the appendix of today's presentation, which should help shed light on our rigorous risk management and supply optimization program that helps stabilize our business. On growth, as I discussed earlier, we will be transparent in the process and I look forward to updating you on this throughout the year. Finally, while 2021 was a challenging year, today our company is stronger and more promising than ever before. I am very excited about 2022 and the significant opportunities we have to create shareholder value. So with that, I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. Amy, we're now ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No, Jonathan. So, I hope that you find useful the new hedging disclosures. And obviously Kevin will be available if you have any questions since this is a new information. With respect to the disclosures to help better model the value of the customer, my expectation is that, it will be done sometime either later in the year or beginning of next year. We are working hard to ensure that key performance indicators are aligned with our financial disclosures and we want to make sure that they are useful as opposed to rushing and giving you something midyear that you have to reconcile before and after. So, these type of changes I appreciate, they're always better at the end of the year. So you start with fresh slate. So I would -- that's -- I would think that it would be -- we're going to try to time it, when we are ready, when we believe is -- are going to be very useful. And when we don't make you do a lot of work in reconciling before and after. So I hope that this provides you some idea when we're planning to move.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, I mean our commitment continues to be up 2.5 to 2.75. Obviously, we need to stay flexible. As you can appreciate there is a lot of things moving around this year. I mean it's a -- it continues to be a transition year because of the growth program that we have, the optimization that we have. So, our goal is to grow into the metrics. But obviously we will -- we have to remain flexible in this environment. And just Jonathan before I forget I wanted to make sure the additional hedging disclosures are available now and they're in the appendix of the presentation okay just to make sure that that's crystal clear.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes Jonathan. So, obviously, we feel comfortable providing the yearly disclosures. Why don't you start getting into the seasons, it is competitive-sensitive and in conversations with our commercial team, we wanted to make sure that we just provided this level of granularity to make sure that we don't compromise our commercial activities. So, I think that the two big takeaways from my perspective on the hedging slide is number one, we're pretty well hedged against our expected load. And then number two, it is a combination of electricity that we generate plus market purchases and our commercial team is responsible for optimizing between the two. So, that to me is a big takeaway on that slide and we wanted to just show how much our market purchases versus electric generation. One thing to note is this is just the economic generation in the money hedges, so you should assume also that we have some flex capacity that is out of the money both on the generation that we own and some of the tools and options that we buy from the market. So, just keep that in mind. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes Michael. Good morning. So, obviously, the integration of Direct Energy was a three-year integration if you remember, Michael. And I am just very pleased with the performance of the team and achieving the synergies. We actually increase the synergies that we achieved in our first year. As we enter into the second year, I will tell you this I am incredibly comfortable that we're going to achieve them. But being mindful that this was a three-year program and we're literally just entering the second year. I will assess the potential of additional synergies. And I think what you should expect is throughout the year we will give you an update on our performance there. But I feel -- I remain very confident that we're going to achieve our numbers. And we'll give you an update if -- throughout the year we decide to update on that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Michael, I will turn that over to Alberto. And obviously, as you said, I mean I think this was a little technical and we can always follow up with you. But I mean Alberto is there something that you want to add here.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And Michael, just to remind you, working capital was an area of focus during the transformation and we were very successful on that. We kind of have the road map on how to optimize our working capital and we're going to -- we are applying although those lessons learned through the integration of Direct Energy.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, as you know, we completed a pretty large divestiture in 2021 and the optimization of the portfolio is it's a focus of ours. As you remember on the Investor Day presentation, I said that in the growing the core is one of our key strategic priorities. That's going to continue. The North Star of that is we're going to have assets that better help us serve our customers. So whatever those are, they are core. And if not they're not core and we're going to look to optimize. Now with respect to Texas, obviously, we have our capital-light renewable PPA strategy that has been very successful close to 2.60 gigawatts. And we're going to continue to focus on that. We're constantly in the market. We're running RFPs basically on a continuous basis. We're going to be very selective on that. And it already has yielded tremendous value for us. And that's going to continue to be a focus now. As Texas is changing some of the market design changes to incentivize dispatchable generation, we are definitely looking into that. We have lots of sites that we can evaluate opportunities. And as we have done in the East, I mean, we're going to do it in Texas if we find the right partner, we're going to do it. But we're going to do it in a way that is a good use of our capital. So I expect that to continue. I know the teams are completely focused in evaluating additional opportunities that we have to bring additional supply to serve our customers. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. And just to, I guess put a little finer point on the ancillary services as the customers that are reopening contracts will be able to pass through these ancillary services. I think of it as a change in law if you remember Angie. So, I think there is an opportunity for those customers that we couldn't pass it through we will in the reopening. And then, I am just incredibly pleased with the commercial team and how they've been managing the supply chain constraints around coal. We're still in the middle of the winter, but so far they've done a fantastic job and we will have an opportunity to provide you additional visibility and quantify that in the next earnings call.
Mauricio Gutierrez: So with that, I want to thank you all for your interest and look forward to updating you on our exciting growth plan and other priorities throughout the year. Thank you and stay safe.
