David Crane: Thank you, Kirk. And, Lacey, I think we've taken up a good part of the hour already, so we'll open the floor to questions right away.
David Crane: Well, I think, Ted, first, I'd tell you the easier part for us to do is the big projects. I mean, we're geared up to do that. That's the type of company we are, so we're not walking away from that part of the industry. But what I would say to you is I think for a large, very large utility-sized solar, I'm sure they will come a day when we see another wave of 300-plus megawatt and large solar projects. But these projects are more than $1 billion projects and without federal loan guarantees, there's not that much Wall Street money to provide the debt on that. So I think that the utility-scale solar world is going to sort of drop back to 20 to 100-megawatt size deals, and we're going to pursue that aggressively. But what I'm trying to signal is that I think that, that's not the only solar world. And I think over time the distributed residential is going to end up sort of swapping the big-scale projects. So we'll stay in the utility sized space, but I just what the market to know that we're positioning ourselves hard to take advantage of the opportunity we see on the distributed and the residential side.
David Crane: Well, John, I'm not sure I can answer the question too specifically. I would say that we have this communication internally all the time. Because I end up talking a lot of these new business areas doesn't mean that we're going to ignore the conventional business. In fact, I've said for years and years long before NRG got involved in the renewables business that I thought the natural people to be in the renewables business were people who were actually in the conventional business. So we're not afraid of owning conventional generation. We're very proud of our coal plants, the way they operate environmentally and everything. What I would tell you is just a couple of things. One, is we would definitely like to own more generation in the Northeast. We've said that for years now. We have not been successful to be able to acquire generation at prices that we thought made sense. We would not shy away. I mean, we already own coal plants both in the Northeastern Texas, so whether we own more or not, we don't think that really changes what the company is about. But the main thing I would tell you right now is the economics of coal plants in the Northeast are just phenomenally challenged right now. And I don't know -- we are being as assertive with asset management as one can be with our own coal plants, and it's not a pretty picture. And so if we were to buy coal plants in the Northeast, I'm pretty confident that other people are looking at the same sort of numbers that we're looking at. And to be frank, most of those numbers have parentheticals around them. And so I would say that we would be interested in looking at coal plants in the Northeast, but the price would have to reflect the value. And I think we've referred to it. I mean, it's almost an option value play. So I guess that's what I would tell you.
David Crane: We don't get into that level of detail, but I think you're not embarrassing yourself, Ameet, if you're in those time zones.
David Crane: We'll, yes. I mean, I'd be happy to talk about it. I think I'm understanding your question correctly. Agua Caliente is the one project in here that is not currently entitled to apply for the cash grant. And that happened as part of the DOE loan guarantee process where it was made clear to us that if we did not -- if we try to apply for the cash grant, then we wouldn't get the loan guarantee before the loan guarantee program expired. So that's the state of Agua Caliente at this point.
David Crane: Okay. Well, thank you, Lacey, and thank you all for joining us on this call. And we look forward to talk to you next quarter for our year-end results. Thank you very much.
Kirkland B. Andrews: In that future year, that number, that reduction in the future guidance represents premiums, as well as reductions in interest expense as we move forward.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Ted, the only amount of debt paydowns that are foreseeable in that number currently is the amount of amortization on our existing term loan facility for 2012 as well as a small amount of amortization on some of the nonrecourse debt of the subsidiaries.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I think that's true. I mean, we're certainly focusing on the 3 big projects now that we are fully through the DOE process. I think that moves a significant amount of time that we focused on that, and also, it gives us greater clarity around these projects so we focus on the selldown. So we'd expect that to move that at a greater pace now, correct.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think, Jay, the way to think about that is that $55 million of guidance certainly included the components of that, what was also based on an overall revision in our outlook at the time that the revised guidance on October 3. I think the best place to focus your attention in getting greater clarity on the components around the August event versus the $205 million, versus the $55 million change in guidance is in the third quarter Q. In some of the footnotes, you will find a breakout of a reconciliation of how those changes took place in the quarter around what we have referred to or generally referred to as the August event.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. And again, within the $55 million is that $205 million impact, and within the $205 million, one component of that is what took place in August. But again, it is apples and oranges in terms of saying those are both absolutes. That's correct.
Kirkland B. Andrews: That number in 2012, you can expect to be lower than what we've seen historically, as the new turbulence [ph] facilities don't have the magnitude of cash sweep that the old ones did. I think the right way to circle in on that number around and aggregate magnitude for 2012 is think about it as being about $70 million of if you will, mandatory amortization on that tranche.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think the better way to characterize that is if you look at what is now the revised 2012 and beyond plan in terms of equity investments that I showed you on that side. Those numbers reflect a net reduction that is consistent with the increases or the accelerations we showed you for 2011.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, I mean, I think the -- I mean, essentially on the last part of the question, I'm going to turn it over to Jason to answer the first part of the question. Yes, I mean we do want to sort of line up the generation with retail. I mean, we feel that the model that we're pursuing in Texas over the last couple of years between the GenCo and Reliant has been overwhelmingly successful, notwithstanding August of this year. So we would like to essentially do the same thing in the North Northeast. And we have 7,000 megawatts in the Northeast. So we start being very long on the generation site. I don't know that Jason is going to give you specific targets on customers and things like that and all, but I'm looking forward to hearing what he says about the answer to the first part of your question.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. I mean, it's Kirk. On the pie chart that we showed on the last slide of my section, that excess deployable cash reflects the full load, if you will, moving forward of our solar CapEx. And obviously, the extent to which would be in the realized greater clarity around the sell down and the magnitude of those numbers, that would increase that portion of pie, if you will, for capital allocation on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. On the first part of that question, in part, I'm simply acknowledging a little bit of the phenomenon that obviously occurred during the third quarter, which represented an acceleration of those. We would evaluate those on an ongoing basis. I do not expect those opportunities to be of a significant magnitude. However, if there is an opportunity to accelerate a project like Agua Caliente, for example, that the acceleration of our equity capital results in a commensurate and compelling increase or move forward, if you will, in the COD of that project. We'd evaluate that incremental return as we would evaluate any capital investment. So we take an individual point of view about that and make a decision at the time. But again, I don't expect the magnitude of those acceleration opportunities to be significant. I'm simply acknowledging the possibility that the timing may change as we saw in the third quarter.
Jason Few: What you're seeing is a couple of things. One, is we've always talked about -- we make trade-offs between the margin that we drive and customer account, and in 2011 we committed to showing a net 0 attrition against our customer base. So the growth that you're seeing does include some margin compression in terms of acquisition pricing, not against our core base of customers. The other thing that you're seeing is that we're seeing growth through the innovation that we're delivering on both on the product side, as well as value added services. So what we've done is we've fundamentally shifted our focus in 2011 more around customers. And I think you'll see us continue to deliver against that.
Jason Few: I think you should look at 2012 margins and assume that they will be relatively flat to what you've seen in 2011. And from a customer perspective, and we'll continue to focus on the right balance between customers and margins and growing share like we've done in 2011.
Jason Few: Julien, the way you should maybe think about customer count is it will be in the probably 21 to 22 range in terms of millions of customers between the 3 retail companies. And in terms of terawatt hours for 2012, you should be thinking in the range of mid-60 terawatt-hour-type of numbers.
