David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. Let me end as I usually do on the first quarter call with the scorecard, which appears on Slide 28, indicating what we are particularly focused on achieving this year at NRG.  We have touched upon most of these objectives during the presentation today so I will not belabor them. I do want to say to all of the shareholders on the phone, that all of us in the management of NRG and on the NRG Board of Directors are acutely conscious of the fact that an investment in NRG during the past few years has not been a good one for our shareholders from a total shareholder return point of view.  While I'd like to stand before you and guarantee that from this day forward, the stock price will go in only in one direction and that is up, I obviously cannot do that. I can tell you that, with near-term gas prices having the potential for only a little further drop on the downside, the gravitational pull downward on our stock price from natural gas seems to be near or at an end. And with the new shoots of spring that are popping up elsewhere around our conventional wholesale business, with the growing strength of our retail platform, and with large blocks of our industry-leading solar program achieving commercial operation over the next few months, we seem poised for a little upward momentum around the stock price.  I also can tell you that all of us at NRG are doing everything in our power, everyday, to create that momentum and then to build upon it, all for the benefit of NRG shareholders. So thank you very much. Tahisha, we'd be happy to answer questions.
David W. Crane: Well, Jon, look I'll ask Mauricio if he wants to quantify, I mean, it's a good point. I mean, this is a business that's based on volume and we do better. We're supposed to do better in extreme weather environments and that's what we're prepared for. So an unusually mild summer in Texas would have a negative effect, but I think the amount is fairly modest. And Mauricio, do you want to -- I mean, it's hard to speculate specifically on how mild you're talking about, but if you want to venture or guess it...
David W. Crane: That's not the answer to it. She wants to know how much did 2011 first quarter outperform what we expected in 2011.
David W. Crane: For generation and retail. And you said $20 million, because retail was $25 million, so generation was -- assuming that Angie is right about the $25 million so...
David W. Crane: Well, that's a hard question to answer. We obviously would like to buy back as much stock as we can at $16 because we think it's undervalued. But at this point, we look at the relative value of everything in terms of how much value it will create for the shareholders. So it's hard to answer that question -- I mean, we know what we think the stock is worth relative to the value we can create for the shareholders by doing share buybacks. I can't compare that to a theoretical use of the stock for an acquisition without sort of knowing what value could be created from a specific acquisition.
David W. Crane: Yes, Gregg, just to add to what Mauricio said, I mean, while it was most pronounced in Texas -- I mean, that was really a philosophy that we took across the generation fleet because really there was so little money to be made on the wholesale side during the first quarter. That the normal paradigm that the plants operate on is that you got to get these outages done in the shortest possible time. It really made it -- it didn't make sense to rush plants back into service so that they could produce megawatts at 0 margins. So some of the statistics don't look as good in that way, but the opportunity cost, as Mauricio is saying of keeping the plants out, just didn't exist. So we made sure that everything got all the work done that needed to get done.
David W. Crane: Well, it's not a formal multi-year guidance of the company, but certainly that's what I expect, yes.
David W. Crane: Well, I mean, the marketplace is made up of people with different expectations. So -- and -- but I mean again, I'm looking at this, Steve, as a 3-pillar thing. There's -- I'm not saying that it's -- that this is the bottom. And when you mention hedges rolling off, you're obviously talking about something that is going to impact the wholesale side of the business. I mean, we do have a natural built-in uplift that comes in from the solar, the $300 million plus of EBITDA that was referred to earlier, I think by Angie, and discussed with Kirk. So there are -- I'm looking at the totality of the picture, not just the wholesale side.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean, my goal is that not withstanding this downward pressure in prices with hedges rolling off, that between solar, between the heat rate expansion, better capacity prices, the retail expansion both in terms of adding customers in the markets we're in and expanding the markets we're in the Northeast, that I don't want or expect to see the company to do worse than $1.8 billion. Again, and that's not formal guidance. That's just -- that's David Crane speaking.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean, Steve, Mauricio said it quite articulately, but I just want to make sure that everyone on the phone hears what Mauricio said because in the 8 years that I've been running this company and there's a lot of talking about the coal supply chain and difficulties with it. But I have never seen a situation where the whole coal supply chain was working as constructively with each other as it is now, and I want to commend those upstream from us on the coal supply chain for working with us to make sure that coal is as competitive as it can be in this natural gas price environment. The final thing I want to say, Steve, is it's good to have you back on the calls.
David W. Crane: So thank you all for taking the time this morning to join us on this call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, what I would say is that the investments that we have made are not only just for one summer, Jon. I mean, we think that there is an opportunity for the next couple of years given the tight supply and demand situation in ERCOT. So I mean, clearly there is some risk of a mild summer. I'll say the position that we're taking to be longer than we have been in the past but again, I think you need to look at what is the perspective in the next 3 to 5 years.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Angie, this is Mauricio. I think that it changes year-over-year, so in the first quarter of 2011 you got significant price spikes that we were able to monetize during that time. I think you're correct. There is an opportunity in this quarter where we bought back our obligations below our generation cost.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes -- no, it did include some, but keep in mind that the full cost to return those units were -- I mean, there is a timing issue. It just didn't happen in the first quarter. There were some in the fourth quarter and some in the -- that are spilling over the second quarter. So it does include some, but it's not the total amount that we used to bring those units out of mothball.
Mauricio Gutierrez: That heat rates vary between 10 through 13 heat rates. I mean, this is I guess, by 5 and version 1 through 4. Most of that cost was really around the boiler. We did expensive structural work and tools, we expect the generator. So the goal is really to make these units reliable for the next couple of years given what we expect as higher runs in the summertime.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right, I think we quantify that, Gregg. I mean, we doubled the number of outage days compared to the first quarter of last year. When I -- the color that I will provide is when our coal units are significantly in the money, every megawatt hour counts, and we try to shorten the length of the outage by paying some overtime. In this case, since the opportunity cost was minimal, we decided to extend the outage to avoid paying those costs, and so that was one of the main drivers. The other one was, be opportunistic about bringing some additional outage work that we needed to do. I think in the subsequent quarters, we will provide additional guidance on what that meant for the remaining of the year in terms of the reduction of planned outages.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I might have rested there. Yes. A couple of things. One, we certainly are above the -- or on the upper end of our range. But what I will say is most of the coal-to-gas switching happened in the month of January. Since that time we have seen an increased number of ramps in our coal generation particularly in Texas, so at this point, we don't expect to be forced to take any coal. And the second thing that I will add is -- and we're working very close with all the coal supply chain participants and it's been a very constructive discussion. Coal suppliers want to ship coal to us. They want to sell coal. Railroads want to ship coal, and I think we're all trying to make sure that coal stays competitive on a cost basis and that they provide us enough flexibility in case we see a sustained low gas price environment throughout the summer. So I think the combination of those 2 things makes us comfortable managing our inventory for the balance of the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, the only thing that I will say is we have not been notified on anything and, I don't believe -- we can't comment on it. So I mean, that is pretty much all I can say. Everything else will be a speculation.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I mean, Angie, the wholesale side of that equation is effectively the difference between the $155 million and the variance that we had described being the retail side of that equation. So the wholesale side is about a $100 -- a little more than $100 million and the retail side is about $50 million.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Oh, our expectations. Forgive me. We were up by about $65 million versus our expectations in the first quarter.
Kirkland B. Andrews: The tier 1 solar portfolio, once it reaches that levelized $330 million, the associated total debt will be approximately $3.4 billion.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, Julien, the principal component of that change in expectation is the result of lower LC costs, that are the combination of the new facility that we put in place at repowering holdings, were primarily the release of the LCs that resulted from the sale of Agua Caliente.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, looking specifically at the 2017 note refinancing, I would look at that at this point as -- they're primarily driven by the attractiveness or the refinancing cost we see in the market place. So that would be governed by the degree to which we see an opportunity to refinance them at attractive rates. And obviously as you've seen over the course of the last few months, we've seen some significant volatility in the trading of our bonds. At some point, those rates go as high as 9%, sometimes they go down closer to the 8% range. Obviously, lower is better, so as we move closer to an attractive range of refinancing cost, that would be the driving factor that would cause us to make that decision.
