Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. And to close, I want to leave you with our priorities for the balance of the year on slide 13 (sic) [slide 12]. We have remained focused on delivering our operational and financial goals while continuing to strengthen and simplify our business. Our priorities to enhance margins and streamline costs optimize our portfolio and right-size our capital structure are now integrated into our transformation plan. And we will begin updating the market on our progress starting on our third quarter call. Also, we would expect to update the market with any material announcements regarding asset sales as they occur. As we work through these sales processes and improvements, we will also provide you a more definitive timeline for our Investor Day. I thank you for your time today and your interest in NRG. And with that, operator, we're now ready to open the lines for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Greg, so, as you already pointed it out, I mean, we begun some of these processes earlier in the year. They are in very advanced stages. We tried to staggered some of these sales initiatives to make sure that we access the market in an efficient way. My expectation is that the first announcements will come out in late third quarter, early fourth quarter. I don't think you should expect every single one of the announcements to be in the fourth quarter or late fourth quarter. As soon as we know, you will know. And I think that as early as the end of the third quarter, we will be in a position to update you in the processes that we started earlier in the year.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Absolutely. I mean, as you know, we started the sales process earlier. So, I think we're going to begin doing that sometime in the end of the third quarter. But the cost savings and the working capital and everything else is really starting in earnest now. And I will be in a position to update you and the rest of the market in our third quarter call.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Michael. So, obviously, we're disappointed with the rulings by the District Court both in Illinois and New York. I think that you should expect that we will appeal both to the Circuit Courts. I recognize that there are some improvements that we need to make to the market, both in terms of recognizing the attributes that each power plant brings to the system and to recognize also the impact of new technologies. But where we disagree is to have an out-of-market subsidy for one specific company in a technology that is now proven and mature that, in our view, at the expense of consumers and the integrity of competitive markets. I mean, that's really the concern. So, we think that we have a strong case and with new FERC commissioners coming in, I think there will be a fresh look, a fresh perspective on the validity of our case and the potential impact that these out-of-market subsidies can have in the competitive markets. And we feel confident that this will prevail. Obviously, I can't comment anymore because this is an ongoing legal proceeding. I mean, in terms of our nuclear plant South Texas Project in Texas, and that's true for any other plant in our Generation portfolio, we are constantly evaluating the financial health of our facilities, not only in the near-term, but in the long-term. What are the prospects, what is their profitability today and tomorrow? And I will tell you, because I think we have a pretty good track record for that. To the extent that facilities are non-operating, are not cash flow positive, we've taken steps to either improve their competitiveness or to retire them if we don't see any better prospects to that. So, I think we will, in the case of STP in particular, I mean this is something that we obviously work closely with our partners. This is not just an NRG decision only. We have other two partners and we are all focused in improving the competitiveness of our nuclear plant.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. And just to complement what Chris said, I mean, what we tried to put here was the 2018 reserve margin. So, obviously, it's post summer of 2017. So, this is a 2018 look. And we want to make sure that people understand the levers or the drivers of the reserve margin, which translate in more or less scarcity prices. So, this will give you an assessment in terms of what we're seeing in the market in terms of delays of new builds and potential retirements that can happen in the near to medium term.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So, when you talk about – for Retail, we have done two things. One, there is a component that is embedded in the cost savings, in the $590 million of cost savings. And then there is a second component in terms of margin enhancement of $215 million. So, I think, when you're looking at both, I think you should look at them separately, Abe.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Ali, I mean, my expectation given where we are in the processes and the fact that we started earlier on some of them, in particular, in the conventional side my expectation is, it would have a clear line of sight by the end of the year. Obviously, we can't control the processes completely. It depends on our market response to it. But my expectation is that by the end of the year, we will have enough information to be able to provide you with our announcement on all the asset sales.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. There is nothing to stop these processes. They are growing, they're growing very well. As I mentioned in the call a couple weeks ago, we've received very good response from the market so far. And I am encouraged by what I'm seeing. And I think that we'll be able to provide you something, as I mentioned earlier to Greg, as early as the third quarter call.
Mauricio Gutierrez: One thing that I think is important to recognize is that we characterize this 6-gigawatts, but these are not only assets but businesses. And these are profitable and good businesses, attractive businesses. So, they don't necessarily are competing with single asset sales completely. You should think about it as more of an integrated and comprehensive set of businesses and assets. We are seeing a lot of assets in the market, but I think what we have been able to put here is a type of asset or business that is differentiated from a single combined-cycle somewhere in the country.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. So, I think you need to look at it on a regional basis. So, in Texas, as you know, we have a very well balanced portfolio between Retail and Generation. I feel very comfortable with the amount of base load and peaking that we have to be able to manage our load obligations and our load business that we have in Texas. It continues to be a very attractive market, a very robust market as I mentioned on the call. We're not seeing any signs of a slowdown in terms of economic growth and load growth. So, I'm very comfortable in Texas. In the Northeast, given the resolution of GenOn and some of the conventional asset sales that we're going to have, post the transformation plan, we will have an opportunity to rebalance that portfolio. And while we're going to be a little longer at generation, keep in mind that that generation is within the load pocket of the Chicago area, New York City or Southwest Connecticut and that these assets benefit significantly from capacity prices that have been very robust and continue to be robust as far as 2020, 2021. So, we have a five-year runway where it gives me a lot of comfort in terms of the rebalancing of our portfolio. And, obviously, we evaluate the composition of our integrated platform every time and we see if the asset mix that we have is the right mix to manage our load. So, that's how I think about the post-transformation plan in terms of our portfolio positioning.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Neel. So, well, first of all, it's $215 million just to make sure that we're correct in terms of margin enhancement. And what I said before is, obviously, when we did the comprehensive review of our business, we not only looked at cost savings but we also look at our businesses. And particularly in Retail, we knew that there is a, in terms of the scale and scope of our retail operations, there are very few people that we can actually compare ourselves to. So, we went a little outside of the power space and we went to the retail space, in the entire retail space in other industries to see what are the best practices. And we identified two areas where we can actually improve our Retail business which we are very proud off, and I think everybody recognizes our leading position in this space. And that was building up our IT infrastructure and analytics. And I think everybody recognizes the amount of information that we have from our customers. And so, there is an opportunity here to really take our Retail business to the next level, adopting some of the best practices from other industries. I think the midpoint that you were talking about, how should we think about it. For 2017, our midpoint was around $750 million give or take. So, the way I characterize this effort is, in the last three years, we grew our business roughly by $200 million. What we're saying that is in the next three years, we are going to grow it by $200 million. This, I hope, gives all of you comfort that we have done this in the past and that's what we are targeting to do in the future.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Takia. And I want to thank you all for your interest in NRG, for joining us in this call. And I look forward to talking to you in the coming weeks and months. Thank you.
Chris Moser: Yeah. Hi. This is Chris. As we're looking at it, I think one thing is very clear about the CDR and that's that it overstates the amount of new generation that's coming and understates the amount of retirements. Now, I know that Vistra has talked about Monticello and Big Brown and Martin's Lake is being challenged, and that's 5-gigs, 5.5-gigs or so. So, we haircutted that to only 3-gigs and threw it in there as an example of what we would expect to happen sometime soon. But during this summer, no. I think it's sometime post summer.
Chris Moser: Hey, Neel. Chris here. I'll take that one. So, yeah. We've seen during work on the line some decent spreads in the real time in the day ahead especially the spring. Tapered off; now that we're in the summer, they've stopped working on it. Work will recommence here once we get into the fall. And then the question is, Houston Import Project obviously built to try and contain those spreads. Working against that might be some of these retirements in the north. Obviously, supreme load growth down in the Gulf Coast. I saw in, I think it was Megawatt Daily yesterday that Oncor reported 3.9% quarter-on-quarter growth, which is obviously – I mean, that's double what the weather norm overall Texas piece was, which I think was 2.3% for the rolling 12 months. So, I mean, look, the growth is happening. It's happening in the Gulf Coast and that's where we are. That would tend to help buoy the spreads there in spite of even Houston Import.
Chris Moser: Yeah. I mean, probably a slight premium. I wouldn't say it's huge and I don't think it would look just like the Houston price, but I would say slight premium.
