David W. Crane: Thank you, Kirk. And Ben, I think that we used a lot of time, but I think we've got 15 or 20 minutes left for questions. So why don't we open the phones for Q&A.
David W. Crane: Paul, I mean, I do want to just generally add to what Mauricio said. I mean NRG on the wholesale generation side, I've always thought that the best way to be in that market was with a fuel-diversified portfolio, and certainly, the lessons from the polar vortex this winter was having a fuel-diversified portfolio was definitely the way to go. So we've taken into account all that Mauricio mentioned, but we also -- we very much want to continue to be multi-fuel in all of our core markets because we think that's the best way to play constraints on the fuel side, whether -- particularly within natural gas, whether it be with the commodity itself or with the transportation in times of scarcity. So we think, both with the GenOn assets and now with the Midwest Gen assets that, that's sort of the overriding theme that we're trying to accomplish.
David W. Crane: Well, Angie, it's always best to -- we always like to promise things that we know we can deliver on it. We're very pleased with San Diego Gas & Electric's submission of the power purchase agreement. But if we were to comment on, we would have been commenting on when do we think it'll be approved by the California Public Utility Commission and predicting when government acts is something that we just don't get in the business of. But we're very excited about that project. We think it's a very good project for the state of California. We think it's a very good project, ultimately, for NRG Yield, and we look forward to the day that the California Public Utility Commission acts upon that PPA, so that we can continue to add to the stability of electricity supply in Southern California. As to the Southern California Edison procurement, I think that, adversely, everything that happens in the Southern California Edison procurement is subject to confidentiality agreements. So I think I would limit myself at this point to say we don't know when they will make decisions. I think it would be fair for you to assume that NRG was responsive to virtually every aspect of what Southern California Edison was looking for in their request for a proposal. And we'd actually be very excited to participate in both conventional generation and what I think they referred to as preferred resources. So you may have to ask them as to what their timing is, but certainly we're excited about it.
David W. Crane: Well, I mean the first thing, which is -- I think it's fair to say we submitted comments to the EPA rule, and we don't think that the EPA rule is currently promulgated as fair, and we particularly think it's unfair to the Gulf States and to Texas. So I would start by saying my hope that the rule doesn't get promulgated exactly as it is today. If it does get promulgated, it sort of depends on where the price of carbon lays out to. It's clearly not good for the coal-fired plants in Texas. I'm not sure that there's a way for Texas to comply with the rule as provided without significant retirement on the coal side. What knock-on implications that has for a state that -- contrary to my sort of doom and gloom in my opening comments about how they're weakening fundamentals, sort of Texas is the exception with 300,000 people moving into Texas every year and all that. So I would definitely call a strain on the system from our perspective. I mean that's -- as you alluded to, that's why Petra Nova is such an important project because coal plants in the United States are getting to a point where it's very Darwin-istic, it's survival of the fittest. And if putting carbon capture on the back of Parish, which is our biggest coal plant in our entire fleet, I think it's the biggest coal plant or the second biggest coal plant in the entire country, if that can help Parish and certainly we've contemplated the same at Limestone, survive in a market where other plants are having to come offline, it should just add to the value of those plants. And so that's our strategy, Stephen.
David W. Crane: Yes, there's a lot there, Stephen. And you're right. For the most part, we're sort of trying to avoid too much discussion about our strategy and our implementation plan and the sort of distributed solar space until we're fully ready to go because it is a highly competitive market and it's a very fluid market right now. With the success that SolarCity has had in the -- basically on Wall Street, there's a lot of shaking out just within the residential solar space. So what I would say there -- and the market does actually divide quite neatly on that front, is that residential solar, it seems a lot like distributed solar in terms of business-to-business, but apart from the solar panel, it's really a completely different business. It's sold differently, it's financed differently and all that. And in our company, you'll be handled by 2 different parts of the company. So you're right, even though there's very little penetration, I think I don't -- I think SolarCity, who's obviously the biggest player in the field, is saying they're going to do 80,000 installations this year. That's in a market, an addressable market that's been estimated across 20 states as 16 million homes. And so while you do focus on the next guy more for sort of internal morale purposes, more than one company has room to succeed in the residential solar space, and certainly, we expect to be one of those companies. And like I said, we'll talk more about that in the future. For us, on the business-to-business side, Stephen, the key is how do you downsize and do a lot of projects quickly, and our focus in that area is because, the age-old maxim, a 1 megawatt project requires as much structuring as a 100 megawatt project. That applies in renewables, as well as in conventional. But what we're looking to do -- and we've announced sort of starter deals with Starwood and Unilever is sort of getting into a world of one customer, multiple projects. So our first deal with Starwood was 3 hotels within their chain, but it's not lost upon us or them that they have 1,200 hotels worldwide. So that's really our -- what we're focused on in the business-to-business side, and it's early days there, but we certainly hope to be very successful and have a lot to talk to you about in the future.
David W. Crane: Jon, yes, I mean, look, I think in terms of building new power plants, our advantage -- I mean, we have more projects than anyone. I mean basically -- in fact, brownfield versus greenfield, I can't actually remember the last time that we actually looked at a greenfield. I guess it was the one in [indiscernible]. So we are looking at brownfield all the time, and we ask and expect through our regional organizations that every power plant that we have had sort of the best option for either repowering, renewal, and so we're all about brownfield. But every brownfield we've done, we take advantage of the cost advantage in brownfield just like our competitors because it's real. But I mean every one we've done in recent years has a long-term contract. I do think there would be opportunities to make money in terms of conventional wholesale generation in the future, but particularly in the Northeast, they're going to come up because there's going to be imbalances created when sort of too many plants like -- retire. And I think if you look at the history of the curve, cost of new entrant pricing is not reached as often as -- the peaks are much more limited than the valleys. And so when the peaks come, you pretty much have to be there with megawatts at that time. You can't sort of say, well, this is a good time for me to start permitting a plant and then take 3 years to build it. And so one of the things I like about the -- we're not -- certainly, as you know from today in terms of the investment in the Midwest Gen fleet, we are by no means starving the Wholesale side of our business from capital to sort of succeed over the next 20, 30 years. But in terms of even where the business is repositioning, one of the things I like about the Retail side of the business is the best earned is large in terms of hundreds of millions of dollars in a merchant plant, hoping that you'll be right over the next 30 years. So I very much like the balance of our capital allocation in terms of how we're investing sort of across from Wholesale to Retail.
David W. Crane: Yes, I mean I think we were -- I mean I think that the -- I mean I think that's a different way of saying what I tried to say today is that, I mean the revelation for us for Yield, which we -- we struggled with the Yield idea for 2 years and worried about how the market would ever value our contracted solar assets, and we knew the market didn't pay any attention to our contracted assets, which I think, before Yield, consist of about 15% of our -- the market can only look at so many things. So even just within generation, they look at the 85% merchant exposure rather than the 15% contracted. So we actually think that while sort of the way we're organizing that was announced today may seem more complex, to us it simplifies the story, both from the investor's perspective but also from a management perspective. The way we're organized going forward allows senior executives of the team to sort of focus in their area and win in their area because each area is pretty distinct. I mean they're mutually reinforcing, but each has different competitors. And each -- as Kirk was going through, you can't value residential solar success on an EV-to-EBITDA basis. So we actually are very mindful of we want to get the benefits of having the multiplicity of assets and opportunities we have, but we want to simplify it for purposes of investment and value recognition, as well as value creation. So we're trying, Jon. And any advice you have on that, feel free to send us an email. Ben, we've gone past 10:00 and knowing it's August, I don't want to burn people too much, but we'll take 2 more calls if we can, and I'll try and be briefer in my answers.
David W. Crane: Well, I think the way we're thinking about that right now, and it sort of goes back to Michael's -- the answer to Michael's question is, as we look forward in the immediate future, we see a need for available capital that we think have greater long run value than share buyback. We have a record of doing a lot of share buybacks over the last 10 years and so -- I think 7, in fact, in the 10 years that I've been here. So we'll come back to that issue in 2015, but I think for now we -- or the capital allocation is going to be pretty much like laid out by Kirk at the end of his -- of the presentation. Anyway, Ben, thank you very much, and I appreciate everyone taking the time, and sorry, we went 10 minutes over, but enjoy the rest of your summer, and we'll look forward to talking to you in the fall. Thank you.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, so we took a couple of things in consideration. One of the gating items, clearly, was the capacity auction results from the '17, '18 auction, but more importantly, the previous 3 years that gave us some visibility and some comfort on the outlook that we have for the PJM market. For us, the value proposition for Powerton and Waukegan is to remain on call and make the investment on the back-end controls to comply with MATS and CPS. Joliet, clearly was a -- we cannot justify putting the back-end controls. We looked at which of these assets have better access to natural gas supply, and Joliet was the one that had the best location for that. And with respect to Will County, first, is the, I guess, justifying the environmental CapEx for Will County was just not possible under the current market conditions. We're moving forward to retire that Unit 3 on '15 and then we'll continue to operate Unit 4 so long it just -- it complies with MATS. But we did a comprehensive analysis of all the plants. We look at which ones could be converted to a different fuel. We took into consideration capacity and current market prices. We look at the spend optimization that we could do given the -- we did a pro forma benchmark analysis on all of these facilities to evaluate what fixed cost we could take out, and basically, this was a result of that entire analysis.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, we're looking at -- we're doing the testing, as we speak, right now. We believe that we will be in compliance for MATS and that's why we're laying it out for operation through 2018.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, I mean, we took a holistic view of the entire Midwest Generation portfolio, and it does include all the operational synergies from reducing fixed costs to the spend optimization initiative to field conversions and the current market conditions, given the outcome on the capacity auction and the recent dark spread. So I mean, it is a comprehensive look at the value proposition for Midwest Gen.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean the way we understand the project, it's a brownfield development and it has a cost competitive advantage vis-à-vis a greenfield development project. So I think I said that the market in PJM is getting close to cost of new entry. We had very strong capacity results. Spark spreads have been trending closer to greenfield development. The one thing -- and you pointed it out, I mean these are investments that have gone over 25-, 30-year length -- in length. Clearly, one data point is not going to justify making that investment. What we're seeing is, we're just very constructive on the PJM market. We think margins and -- capacity prices and margins are more sustainable than what we may have heard from other folks, and that's why we also went ahead and did the investment on the Midwest Generation fleet.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, first of all, we'll certainly provide you specific guidance around free cash flow in '15 as we normally do in the third quarter of the year. But looking ahead of that, which is why, as David talks about priorities and I, in answer, disclosure around exactly where that remaining capital resides, and as I said, those priorities are a little different. I think how it's evolved is we're much more focused on the future of the business, not ignoring opportunities to continue to enhance generation. But as we've said, the capital allocation focus is going to be on kind of smaller bolt-on -- bias towards a smaller bolt-on acquisition side as far as M&A is concerned. And the capital spend, certainly, we're mindful of, in the relatively near term, rounding out and completing the capital spend for Midwest Gen optimization and also the expanded asset optimization from the GenOn portfolio I spoke to you before. So I think we're much more focused on the future of NRG, especially around NRG Home on the Retail side, that's a small bolt-on acquisition, and just completing the optimization plans as we move forward.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think you're thinking about it exactly right. I mean in 2015 and 2016, it would represent the bulk of that remaining largely environmental CapEx, and in addition, that environmental CapEx is actually, as you know, above the line in terms of what we define as free cash flow and then obviously allocating it towards the operational improvements we spoke about before. So I think the capital intensity on that front is really most acutely focused in those 2 years, '15 and '16.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, the bulk of that, especially on Midwest Gen, is certainly in '15 and then it begins to tail off a little bit more in '16, yes.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes, I mean I would say that we're not going to break out the overall $545 million across individual assets. But obviously, that $545 million, within that number is the smaller subset that we previously committed to as part of the PoJo leases. So that obviously conforms to what we committed to the lease holders, therefore, Powerton and Joliet as well.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Yes. I mean I would say it's relatively ratable across those, but I'm not going to break out the asset optimization impact that comes off of that on an individual asset basis.
