Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. A few closing thoughts on our 2018 scorecard on slide 18. As you can tell, it has been quite a busy year so far and we have made excellent progress across the board on our 2018 priorities. I am very pleased with what our team have been able to accomplish. As I look forward to 2019, we're focusing our efforts into three key areas, redefining our business by further perfecting our integrated model; shifting the focus of our transformation plan to margin enhancement and completing the announced asset sales; and finally, disciplined allocation of the significant excess capital that we will have available. I am very excited about the future of our company. I want to thank you for your time and interest in NRG. So, with that, Joelle, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I don't think there is anything to read on the board composition. The entire board supported the transformation plan, including myself. Management is committed to executing our transformation plan and I think we have done excellent progress, with the – John decided to step down from the board and what I can tell you is that he's been a good and insightful board member and I look forward to continue having him as a long-term shareholder. So, I think we have the support from our shareholders in terms of our transformation plan, the direction that we are – that we're going. Did that answer all your question, Julien? I know that it was – I think a two or three-part question.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So, with respect to the cost savings or on the transformation plan, we have line of sight on the $590 million. We're executing to that and that's going to start doing in – we're going to do that in 2019. Obviously, our cost savings, this is something that is a continuous improvement process. It doesn't end with a transformation plan. We're always looking at doing things more efficiently. So, we're going to continue doing that. And if there is an opportunity to reduce the cost on some of the assets that we're retaining, believe me, I mean, we are already looking at that and then evaluating that. So, I am very confident that we're going to achieve our numbers by – in 2019 and I am very confident also of the culture that we have on continuous improvement that I believe, you know, before transformation plan was for NRG and this is something that we all feel very strongly. So, I don't think you should expect that, you know, after the transformation plan this is basically done and over.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. I mean, I would say that they are just a tad better, but keep in mind, when you're looking at the 2019 guidance, you have to take up a few things into consideration. Number one is power curves; number two, the level of hedges that we have. So, I mean it's not just one, and obviously supply cost for our Retail business. So, I mean, there's multiple things that you need to take into consideration, so it's not just one-dimensional.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. That's correct and I mean, let me just – I mean as we have seen different prices is going to change a little bit the distribution between Generation and Retail in our earnings, but keep in mind, I mean from my perspective, what we are focused on is having an earnings profile that is stable and predictable for the integrated platform. So, if power prices are increasing, it benefits power generation business perhaps more than any part of Retail business and truly it's the other way. So – but at the end of the day, what we are focused on is the total earnings line of the integrated platform, and this is what we want to demonstrate, you know, the stability and predictability of our platform, which I think, we have done in 2018 and with the guidance we're providing today, it's a reaffirmation of that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, what I will tell you, since we're only introducing 2019 guidance today, is, some of the drivers that you should be looking at for 2020 obviously is power prices, the hedges and something that Kirk was mentioning, which is, you know, some of the compression that we get by higher power prices in our Retail business. But aside from that, I will not – obviously, if the assumptions are the same in 2020 than in 2019, then you can make an inference of that. Obviously, you also have the incremental transformation plan targets that we have going in 2020, but I'm not going to – I'm not going to – and I'm not going to be providing 2020 guidance in the call.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah. I mean, we haven't provided the specific sensitivity on our Retail business because – I mean, there is a number of things that come into play; it's not just the cost of our sales, but also you have to look at where your margins are, your attrition rates, your bad debts. So, it's not – I wouldn't say that it's as direct or as directly correlated as CDC in the Generation business. I mean, there is a lot more variable that needs to be taken into consideration. So, I think what I will tell you is, the benefits that we see on the Generation business tends to be one-to-one when power prices increase, and we have ability to pass some of that to our Retail customers, so, it's not one-to-one. That's why we say our Generation business tends to benefit more than it impacts our Retail business, but that's – I think that's the dynamic that – and the complementary nature of our business. And that's the level of detail that we're comfortable providing.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Good morning, Angie. So, let me tackle your – the first part of your question. Just to be completely clear, what I have said in the past is that we're going to be looking at perfecting our integrated model. In the East, we have more Generation than Retail, so we can actually achieve that rebalancing in two ways. We can either grow our Retail business or we can reduce our Generation business. Both are available to us, and we know that the retail space has been very active, but – and if we see something that is consistent with our portfolio and meets our capital allocation and hurdle rates, then we're going to evaluate. But there are different ways that we can perfect our model, and we're not locked in or – to one specific one. To your second question around what we can do with our excess cash in 2019, I would say that there are three different ways that we can allocate it. One, we can always find opportunities to grow our portfolio, our business, if they are compelling. Two, we can return capital to shareholders both ways, share buybacks, given the undervaluation of our stock, it is today and as a preferred one, but we also have another avenue, and we are open to it if it's dividends. And then finally, we also have to evaluate, you know, continue paying down debt, and while we are completely comfortable with 3 times today, that doesn't mean that, in the future, it's something that we just set it and forget it. So, that's what I would characterize our capital allocation for 2019 or at least the philosophy.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Praful, and let me just add; in 2020 we are 70% open. I think that should give you an indication, our view in the Texas market. We continue to see that is very constructive, but we want to be prudent. We saw a pretty significant increase in 2020 on prices. We reacted to it, we were opportunistic, we laid out some hedges, but keep in mind, we're still 70% open.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean there is – we see multiple avenues. I mean, clearly the one that has been getting more headlines is Retail, just because of the value proposition where Retail is today, the implied valuations that we have, and the fact that we can actually put it in our Retail business that is scalable. So, we can achieve significant cost synergies. But we see opportunities in other areas, we're evaluating them particularly on the business – business solutions side, working with our customers, and the one thing that I will say is Generation perhaps is limited, given the very long-term nature of the investments and the fact that we have – we're adhering to our capital allocation principles. So, I would characterize it that way and that informs more or less where we start we're looking at – where we are looking at possible opportunities.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well – I mean I think our focus right now, like I said in the past, is to execute on our transformation plan and then as we laid out the long-term strategy of the company, it's very compelling. This is where we believe we can create maximum shareholder value. I will tell you, as you just mentioned, the excess capital that we have, and it's a – it's going to be – it's a priority for the board and for us, how to allocate this capital. I've said it on the call and I will reiterate that again, from where our stock is valued today, it does not reflect the fundamental value and buying back our stock is still the most compelling opportunity. So, this is where we're focused and as we progress in 2019, if we see opportunities, if we see other alternatives, we always have to look at them through the prism and through the barometer of the implied returns that we have in our own stock. So, we believe that we're on the right track, we have the right priorities, we're executing well, we have the right team and I'm just very pleased where the company is going.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Joelle. Well, I want to thank you all for your interest in NRG. Look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you and have a great weekend.
Chris Moser: Yeah. I think when we're looking at hedging, we're looking at trying to lock in good numbers against the expected generation with the idea that we'll still leave some – you know, to cover up operational risk and load variability, obviously in combination with buying options, and weather options, and outage insurance, and the rest of that. What you probably – and we can dig into this later, Julien, but what you're probably looking at is, is as we try and take off the summers, especially in 2019, we were also doing longer dated pieces, not just summer. Those are done at a lower level. Obviously I'm selling April off-peak or around-the-clock, that's going to move the number down a little bit.
Chris Moser: Yeah. Angie, for that to happen, you need to believe two different things. You need to believe that Illinois is willing to quintuple the number of nuclear subsidies that they're already providing from 2,000 to give or take 10,000, which is hopefully a stretch. And then, you also have to believe that FERC will allow a state to subsidize one particular set of generation and crush wholesale prices, which is in direct opposition to what they've written in the past – previous three orders. So, I mean I think that's very theoretical, and I think there's a lot of wood to chop to get from here to there.
Chris Moser: Praful, Chris again. So if you're looking at back on page 24 and you look at total Generation portfolio, when you look at the open heat rate, you'll see that 2020 went from pretty darn low to 27%, and nuclear went from relatively low to 36%. So what you have is two different moving pieces here. What you've got is a big hunk of hedges that went in, that were arguably not just summer, but they were full year, on-peak around the clock kind of numbers. And you also have the lot of small numbers which is, if you have a small number that was only summer, and then you mix that with a full year piece, which was, you know, and that second quantum was bigger than the first quantum, you're going to get a move there. Trust me, when we're selling 2020, the summers are included. So we're locking in – we're locking in big chunks of value.
Chris Moser: No, fair question. I mean, I think if you look at the position where we're sitting, 30% – basically 27% to 36% hedged depending on which chunk of the portfolio, coal and nuke or total, you know, I think that we're saying that this thing has some room to run, so we're only 27% hedged. Now, I will say that we've seen a nice price rally since the summer and there's plenty of expectation that the PUCT, later today, may make some changes to the ORDC pricing mechanics and we're hopeful that they do because newbuilds are either being pushed off or cancelled. So, something needs to happen and we – I encourage the PUCT to take action.
Phil Covello: Okay. Let me try to adjust my headset. Anyway, congrats on the quarter. I just want to clarify a couple of items you discussed. So, to be clear, the incremental $500 million announced today, that's not allocated, it's not eating into the $2.6 billion CAFA that you're allocating for 2019.
Phil Covello: So, theoretically, if you were to use all that for buybacks, you can allocate north of $3 billion from here.
Phil Covello: Okay. So is it fair to say that where we sit from here today that curves look still a little bit better on a fresher mark-to-market or how are you – what are you seeing...
Kirkland B. Andrews: No. Nothing unique at all. It's kind of difficult to extrapolate from there, because remember – and again I'm not sure if you're referencing, when you talk about Retail and Generation, those two being the significant component parts of our overall performance in our guidance. In the past, Retail is basically same store from that perspective, but as a reminder, Generation, which we used to call Generation & Renewables for an obvious reason, included everything. So, I'm not sure whether you're accounting for the fact that we've significantly streamlined and changed the overall makeup of the portfolio, but in the context of the assets that remain, which is a phrase or a term that I used in my remarks, fourth quarter is in line with what we would normally expect. Just a lot of noise with things moving in and out this quarter.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think the way that you've summarized that is effectively correct, right? Nominally speaking, you have a significant – a more significant increase, but thinking about it – and perhaps this is where you're going – thinking about – ignoring the nonrecurring elements, right? When I talk about nonrecurring elements, I'm talking about Agua Caliente, I'm talking about the BETM, the Boston Energy Trading business, which still is reflected in our numbers even though it was sold intra-year. Yeah, you've got about $50 million of sort of same-store outperformance, which is why I characterize it as towards the upper half of our previous range on an apples-to-apples basis, right? That was part of the reason why I unpacked that because, nominally speaking, relative to the $1.6 billion pro forma, it looks like $150 million higher, but when you adjust that for the asset sales, your number is probably the right way to think about that on a same-store basis – if that makes sense, Ali.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I know the direction you're coming from. A couple of things of note, right. As I mentioned, you got $80 million of margin enhancement from 2019 to 2020. That's $135 million of margin enhancements in the 2019 number, going to $215 million in 2020, right? That's $240 million of debt capacity right there and I think we'll sort of take that as it comes going forward, but certainly, that provides a pretty significant cushion having achieved that in 2019 to get to that 3 times net debt to EBITDA ratio. But I don't feel at all that we're going to need to allocate additional capital to maintain the 3 times. As Mauricio said, we will always continue to reevaluate the three as we move forward. So, my bias would believe – would be if there is any additional delevering, it would be by our choice as opposed to, for a lack of a better phrase, by necessity in terms of just maintaining the three times, if that makes sense.
