Kirkland B. Andrews: Thank you, Mauricio, and good morning, everyone. Beginning with the financial summary on slide 10, NRG delivered $812 million in adjusted EBITDA and $249 million in free cash flow before growth in the first quarter of 2016. Having now concluded the GreenCo process, our financial results in our guidance now include both EVgo and the newly restructured residential solar within our corporate segment, which is part of the generation and renewable subset of our consolidated guidance. With all businesses now included, we are reaffirming our 2016 full-year guidance for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before growth. During the quarter, we continued our deleveraging program and have now retired a total of $229 million of NRG corporate debt year-to-date through May 4, leading to an additional annualized cash interest savings of $16 million. Finally, to update our progress in achieving our target of $1 billion in incremental consolidated available capital, which was announced on September 18th of last year, NRG has now completed a non-recourse monetization of future PJM capacity revenues from our Midwest Generation fleet for cash proceeds of $253 million. This transaction, which will be accounted for as a non-recourse debt financing with no impact on adjusted EBITDA, represents the final component of our plan to free up $1 billion of 2016 capital, leaving only the balance of our $500 million asset sale target. And we expect to complete this over the balance of this year. Turning to slide 11, the Midwest Gen non-recourse capacity monetization proceeds of $253 million, increases our 2016 capital available for allocation by $210 million versus our prior expectation, as we reviewed during our year-end earnings call. The remaining $43 million in financing proceeds represents the acceleration of capacity revenues within 2016, which were already included in the NRG level of free cash flow before growth guidance midpoint, which was part of the $1.488 billion in 2016 capital available as shown in our year-end earnings materials. Including the Midwest Gen proceeds, total 2016 capital available for allocation now stands at approximately $1.7 billion at the NRG level. We expect to allocate this incremental capital to further advance our deleveraging efforts or alternatively to repay our convertible preferred stock, which based on the conversion price relative to our current share price, presents a compelling potential opportunity. The dropdown of NRG's remaining stake in CVSR to NRG Yield continues to represent an additional opportunity to further supplement NRG level capital available, and we intend to offer this remaining stake to NRG Yield during the quarter. Finally, liquidity stands at $1.9 billion as of March 31, which includes $589 million of cash at the NRG level, which has since been supplemented with the proceeds from the Midwest Gen capacity monetization, which closed just following the quarter end. Finally, turning briefly to slide 12, our continued progress on deleveraging keeps us on track to bring our 2016 corporate debt-to-corporate EBITDA ratio below our target as we position NRG's balance sheet to maintain adherence to our 4.25 times target ratio even through a continued low commodity price cycle. And we will continue to update this analysis as our debt reduction program progresses. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mauricio.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Steve, it's Kirk. The way to think about this is the cost of the system, which is normally in the traditional construct you think about the CapEx necessary to put a given system in place. The way to think about that in this construct is that is basically cost of goods sold. And the revenue is the price that Sunrun and Spruce pay us for that particular system. So rather than you – than seeing proceeds come in in terms of a return of capital and CapEx go out in advance of that, that is now going to be revenue, which is what we will receive for lock, stock and barrel the entirety of system to Sunrun or Spruce. And then they'll also retain the ongoing obligation to manage and operate the system O&M and the like. And our – and what was formally our capital expenditures would be COGS. So think about it. We are migrating to a gross margin model rather than a gain on sale model, if you want to think about it that way.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. I'll try to cover all that, but if I miss a piece of your multi-part question you can remind me. But as to the Midwest Gen financing, to answer your question, is it worth it? Yes. As I think as we disclosed in the press release, certainly in the Q, a cost of just under 4.5%, and that is basically the way to think about the cost of financing. The way that it works mechanically is you're basically monetizing today the discount and the implied cost from an interest rate standpoint is that kind of 4.5 type cost. Relative to the opportunities certainly that we have and even relative to what the path that we were on exploring previously, which is the term loan B market, we see that as at an attractive cost, as you well put it, to bring cash forward today to take advantage of opportunities and obviously get ahead in our deleveraging progress. I mean, certainly we are focused on doing that, but we are cognizant of the fact that right-sizing the balance sheet is important today so that we can preserve flexibility for the company tomorrow. And this $250 million, net $210 million as I mentioned for 2016, is an important step in that direction for us. As far as our overall debt is concerned, our long-term notes are still trading at a much smaller discount. They've accreted largely closer to par even on the long-dated maturities, which certainly from the standpoint of opportunistically purchasing debt at a discount makes it more expensive, but as you well know, we are a serial issuer or a serial roller of debt from a refinancing opportunity standpoint. So that certainly I feel a lot more comfortable with what that means. In terms of the barometer and the confidence that the high yield market has and the quality of our credit, I think underpinned by what we're on the path to doing in driving those ratios down, and also giving us greater flexibility on the refinancing front. So in the total package, I like where we are today. I mean, I think we've probably have seen 350 basis points of rally on the long side just since our last earnings call.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Not necessarily putting money in, but as I said before, it is literally a shift forward. So one of the points I wanted to make clear is because of the accounting convention behind how this particular capacity monetization is treated, it is treated as a financing which is why the EBITDA or capacity revenue component of our revenue line is unchanged. But the overall cash flow effect is we're getting those proceeds today. We'll have the capacity revenues tomorrow, but we will have an offset or principal and interest payments that is associated with the payments, if you will, to be third party. But there isn't an injection of cash per se. It's just that the capacity revenues serve to pay the financing cost principal and interest, at least directionally, or the way that is going to play out in the financials as we go forward, if that makes sense.
Kirkland B. Andrews: The direct answer is yes. You're pulling the cash forward today which means it won't be there tomorrow.
Kirkland B. Andrews: It is a significant portion of that number overall. I mean, as you recall, you go back and look at our overall corporate G&A before GenOn and after GenOn, the costs associated with managing that overall portfolio and providing those services is a significant portion of that shared services payment as we move forward. So there is an offsetting reduction in cost if you, just for academic purposes, imagine that shared service payment away. It isn't an absolute.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure. Julien, it's Kirk. I'll answer the EVgo piece of that. We've probably got over the next four years about – the good rule of thumb on the California settlement, think about that order of magnitude about $20 million a year over the next four years. It bumps around, but that's sort of a good averaging. And then we'd be completed in terms of our obligations in California under that settlement.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Brian, it's Kirk. What I would tell you is, no, it doesn't include all of it. The order of magnitude is a little less than half. There may be an incremental opportunity to do so, but that number provides us the amount of capital we thought was prudent right now given the opportunities we see on the deleveraging front. But again, so it's a little less than half of the total amount of capacity, so think about maybe 1,500 megawatts a year through the 2016-2017, 2017-2018, 2018-2019 timeframe.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I can't really comment too much on California. I think that's a little bit more complex, but the answer on the PJM East front is yes. Added complexity there is – obviously, a lot of those assets are in the GenOn complex, but it's certainly not impossible where that's concerned. And then I think going back to Midwest Gen, certainly that's an opportunity that we'd revisit post the completion of the next round of auctions there in PJM.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Kirk. And in closing, I wanted to remind everyone of our priorities in slide 14. This is the scorecard that I will share with you throughout the rest of the year. As you can see we have made considerable progress in just the first few months of the year. Addressing the general debt is among one of our highest priorities given both the overall debt levels and maturities in 2017 and 2018. We're actively evaluating alternatives to optimize the capital structure with a focus on maximizing value for all stakeholders. With this objective in mind, we expect to be engaging in discussions with general creditors as a part of this process in the near term. As we evaluate alternatives, we remain committed to our prudent balance sheet management principles including maintaining our target corporate credit metrics. We remain focused on executing our current strategy. And with the reintegration of renewables, we're now in a position to reinvigorate the development pipeline and provide certainty to NRG Yield's growth potential. I believe we now have all the pieces to move forward and demonstrate the value of our integrated platform. So with that, operator, we're ready to open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure Steve. I mean, I think the best way to think about it is we're going to be focused in the area that we believe we have a competitive advantage. That is in selling the system and installing the system. Once we do that, we have an agreement with Spruce and Sunrun to monetize these systems, to monetize these leases into their platform. So I mean it is a different way of – the way we have done it in the past. If you recall, we were – before we would drop it into Yield, but we would be – it would be consolidated NRG as a whole. Now basically the entire lease goes to our partners.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Absolutely, Stephen, and I've said that before. And I want to make sure that I'm clear. I mean, we have to maintain the credit metric targets that we have at NRG in – and adhere to that principle in any of the options that we are going to be evaluating. As I said, I would like to simplify the message in the spirit of that. We need to look at simplifying also the capital structure. We need to address GenOn for that reason and because of the near term maturities that we have, but we have to adhere to those prudent balance sheet management principles that we have.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Greg, I mean, we actually went through a process that took a significant amount of time. During this time I think everybody knows that we knew that the conditions both in the capital markets and then through the beginning of the year were pretty challenging for both the residential solar business as a whole but also on the capital markets. So this was not the best time to be in the market. We knew that. That's why we were looking at selling a majority stake, not all of it, because we wanted to maintain the optionality on the Texas market where we think we have a significant asset in our customers to be able to offer them residential solar. I think when you couple that with this change in the business model where it's effectively we sell, install and flip to a third party, and importantly, refocusing the business where we actually have been successful in the past and reducing significantly the cost structure. We felt that that combination was the best path for maximizing value for this business. And I think we'll provide that over the next 12 months. We expect that business to be at least breakeven in 2017. I've always looked at residential solar as another product in our retail offering. It makes a whole lot of sense if we already have that relationship with the residential customer and this is one of the products that they are asking for it that we provide it. And if we can provide it in a way that is cost effective and that we can create value, we should have it in our lineup of product offerings. So I think the rationale is there. I think the appetite from customers for rooftop solar is there. We just needed to make pretty significant changes in the way we can structure the business model to ensure that it was, quite candidly, a profitable one. And I think that those are the steps that we have taken.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Exactly. I mean not only we are reducing all the costs by not being in states or regions where we don't have a core advantage, but making it part now of our retail business or in the process of making it to our retail business, we will have significant synergies. Particularly in the marketing and selling, if we now have already a relationship with a customer that is buying system power, we will be using those same vehicles to offer now rooftop solar and potentially decrease the cost of selling that we had on a standalone basis. So I mean, I think this way we create not only a lot of synergies by including in our retail business, but we also are being very disciplined in terms of the size and the scope of this business as we transition through this period, and importantly, maintain the option to, if this becomes viable in Texas, we can offer this to our 3 million customers because that to me is the prize. I mean, that is the goal.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Let me just – I mean, this is the entire portfolio, not just coal and nuclear, which have been our traditional disclosures. But I guess in the spirit of providing more visibility and clarity to the sensitivity on commodities, I included the gas and oil portfolio as well in this sensitivity chart. So the way to think about my remarks of moving the value of the portfolio by $0.50, $0.5 billion is on an open basis. And this is based on economic generation that we can see today at current markets. So as you can appreciate that economic generation, as commodity prices move, that will increase and your sensitivity to the same $0.50 move will be greater. This sensitivity basically reflects the economic generation that is exposed at current market. So I don't know if that at least provides some clarity in terms of what this number is. Now, in terms of the GenOn, I would say that it's pretty sensitive to increases in natural gas. I'm not sure I...
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. No. That's fair. The only thing that I would say is, as you recall in particular on the GenOn complex, but this is in general to both portfolios for GenOn and EME, we already went through a pretty comprehensive asset optimization process where we converted some of these coal plants that were very sensitive to energy prices to natural gas, in effect pivoting the revenue driver from energy margins to capacity margins. So I would say that some of that is already captured in the GenOn complex. I don't know if that was part of your comment that, perhaps, the GenOn complex is not as sensitized to natural gas because of those fuel conversions, but $0.50 makes some difference. I mean, it is not – you will be, I guess, adding economic generation as prices increase. But from current levels where we are, clearly, it's not as significant as it would be in a different market scenario.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, I think for simplicity we have provided this as a linear sensitivity. So $0.50 move on gas, half a heat rate move on power, I mean, clearly, when gas prices increase, heat rates tend to be compressed because you want to keep (37:20) content. And the reverse happens when gas prices decrease. We have not provided that comprehensive correlation just – I guess, just for simplicity. Not that we don't have it, because that's the way we actually model our portfolio when we account internally for different changes in commodity prices. But for these type of disclosures we are trying to make it linear and something simple that people can just have a rule of thumb.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I am sorry, Steve. Are you saying environment – some sort of environmental CapEx or asset optimization? What...
Mauricio Gutierrez: All right. I mean, we have said in the past that in a rising natural gas price environment which theoretically will also increase in power prices, our retail business will contract in their margin. But that will be more than offset on the pickup that we will get on the generation side. So when we think about that integrated platform, we have actually smoothed some of the peaks and valleys by putting it together, particularly in Texas, which is important because of the market construct. The energy-only type of market construct that is the way I described it is feast or famine. I mean, it is almost a digital market. It is prices are very low or prices are very high. So we feel very comfortable with our value proposition. And we feel very comfortable that if gas prices rise the impact or the negative impact that has in retail is more than offset by a significant multiple on the generation side.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I don't think we – I mean, we've provided a band of our retail business in the past, but I don't believe we have provided a sensitivity to a percentage move in natural gas or power prices. But I mean that is something that we could potentially look at in the future. And I'm making a note of that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Look, I mean, I will give you two cents on it before I pass it on to Chris, but clearly the current commodity or power price environment is already a pretty good catalyst for starting that conversation. And we announced at the beginning of this year that we were going to – our intentions to retire one of our units because of the absolute lack of scarcity pricing and the failure of ORDC to provide the right price signal in what we consider the tightest market in the country. So I would say that you have different catalysts right now brewing. The first one is this very low power price environment in Texas. The second one is the regional case regulations and then the one-hour SO2 requirements. So when you put those three together, I think this is what we tried to show in this slide, which units are exposed to either one, two or all three. And I think that will inform the decision of asset owners in terms of the economic viability of their units. But Chris, I mean, do you have...
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes, Michael. I mean, I think all the traditional baseload generation is facing some challenges at $2 gas prices. I think from our perspective, and we don't provide specific information on a plant by plant basis, but what I will tell you is in Texas we actually have a higher threshold than if we were a standalone generator. And the reason why is of our integrated model. So we actually achieve significant amount of synergies and value by pointing generation to retail. We avoid collateral charges. We avoid friction costs. So we have this higher threshold when it comes to evaluating the economic viability of the plant. But again, I don't think we can make a decision of retiring a plant based on one month or three months of very low commodity prices which, to be fair, we have very effectively mitigated with our hedging philosophy and strategy. What we need to do is we need to look at it in the context of all the dynamics in that market. What are the prospects for each of those plants, and what exactly is what that plant provides to the system that eventually will be captured in the prices? So that's I guess where I see that. What I will tell you is that we have an absolute commitment to operate plants that are economic. We have, I think, a pretty good track record in terms of retiring plants where the system doesn't need them in the past, for over the last 10 years. And even since the beginning of this year we have retired close to a gigawatt of generation in western New York and Texas because the market just doesn't support it and because we felt that the economic prospects in those particular markets were not going to support it. But I think investors should rest assured that we will make the right economic decision. But we need to make sure that we go beyond the next month and we look at the prospects going forward.
Mauricio Gutierrez: And Julien, I mean, I think what you should be looking at on the home solar business is we're actually looking at the last six months of operation. We don't have any grand aspirations in terms of the total sales and installations that we want to have for the year. We're calibrating that to the historical levels. I feel very strongly that our plan needed to be a plan that it was achievable. I'm not going to provide you specific numbers, but what I will tell you is that I feel very comfortable hitting those targets. And I think with the agreements that we have with our partners we're going to be able to effectively implement this new business model. So I think that's what I'm comfortable disclosing to you, Julien, today.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. What I'm comfortable is on the financial numbers that I provided. I don't want to go into specific systems that we're going to be deploying. What I said is that this business is going to be at least break even by 2017, and that in 2016 the negative EBITDA that I have disclosed is mostly coming from this first six months of operation while we were running this business. I mean, going forward I think that turns into a breakeven value proposition. But I don't want to provide right now specifics in terms of megawatts deployed or systems installed. I feel that the financial disclosures that we're providing will be sufficient going forward.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right, Jonathan. No. I mean, what I said in the past is that I think it's not a fair comparison to put us against some of our generator peers because they don't have the scale of our retail platform and our retail business. So I mean, I think on our generation platform, I will put it vis-à-vis anybody in our space, but you need to take into consideration that we have a retail platform that I don't believe anybody else on our sector has. What we have done today and what I tried to articulate today is really to give you a comprehensive look at the entire cost structure that we have, one that you can actually reconcile with our financials and that you can hold us accountable going forward. We have identified and either executed or are in execution close to $400 million of cost reductions that I feel we all feel very comfortable that are very achievable. And we're making significant progress. I think there are more opportunities as we integrate some of the businesses, specifically residential solar into the platform, but I expect that we will be looking at other areas. We now have a comprehensive continuous improvement program that over the years have been very effective under FORNRG umbrella, and we are extending that, expanding that to the entire organization. So we are reinvigorating that initiative. It is now company-wide, and I expect that we will come with additional savings under that framework going forward, and as we start identifying them I will provide that additional detail. But I'm just excited about where we are in terms of our cost reduction program. We have made significant progress and I think we run a very – we're going to be running a very efficient organization here. That is my goal, and again, I mean I think when it comes to comparisons you need to make sure that you compare apples to apples.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. I think it would be in 2016. I mean, we are in the process right now. I mean, I announced today the reintegration of residential solar. We have identified, as I said, significant cost savings. I think as it fully integrates with retail I am sure that there will be more. And we're looking across other areas in the organization. So I mean this is an area of focus and to be candid, I mean, it is a reflection and it has to be an – it is an imperative in this commodity cycle. So we are looking across not just overhead but also operations, O&M, and that is an area of focus as we're seeing changes in dispatch profiles and changes in terms of how our units get compensated specifically moving from energy-driven margins to capacity-driven margins. So I mean, everything is on the table. And I think, as I said, I mean, it is an imperative in this current commodity market environment.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think that's a TBD. Right now the partners were focused in the three Northeast markets. And I can't comment right now in Texas, but I think it's a TBD.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think what I will say is that's where we're focusing right now, and our partners will support us on those three markets.
Chris Moser: No. I think that's true. I think that's a factor of some of the heat rate moves we've seen on the expansion and how you calculate gas sales when you translate them into heat rate. Sometimes you get a bit of a funny move like that. As you can see the average equivalent natural gas price is decent right there at $3.52, so I think it's an artifact of some moving around on the heat rate side.
Chris Moser: Well, yeah. I don't know that I have a lot to add to that. I mean, I think as you're sitting there and you're thinking, God, I have to put new scrubbers on Big Brown and Monticello. And then, oh, we still haven't seen exactly what the damage is from those in terms of we haven't yet seen the final one-hour SO2 impact. I think that combination has got to be daunting.
Chris Moser: Well, regional haze is going to be later 2019, 2020 and the one-hour SO2 I don't have a good answer for you on because I think it's still being baked.
Chris Moser: Yeah. I mean, back on page 22 we discussed it a little bit. I mean, we've seen some pretty decent numbers out of capacity markets in general across the board there at $7 NE Pool (54:43). We like – obviously the last BRA in the 200s for areas where we have a lot of generation were fantastic results. And then the New York May spot market has been – was a great trend there in the face of a lowered load forecast. We see a lower load forecast for the CP auction as well. So it's probably down year-on-year. So that's why we threw the analyst expectations on. I'm not going to throw a number, our own internal number out there, but look, I think it's reasonable to think it's going to be down some or moderate a little bit from the numbers we saw last time just because of the changes in load forecast. And then you're right to point out, I think there are some pretty big wildcards out there in terms of, hey, what does FirstEnergy do? What does AEP do? And what kind of impact is the RICE NESHAP going to have on those? And those are a bit of wildcards out there that could swing that one. Well, I think that those swing it directionally upwards compared to where it otherwise would be if you start pulling out some of the DR based on auto DR. And then also if you look at FirstEnergy and AEP decide they're going to retire those units and don't want capacity obligations because they're concerned about whether or not this end run, this most recent end run they're trying around FERC works or not. I think there that 6,000 megawatts of stuff that's up in the air, which arguably could have a bullish piece on it. Will that be enough to offset the load change that they've had in the load forecast? That remains to be seen.
Chris Moser: Well, I think on the demand response side this is kind of the last hurrah for a base – for the base capacity product. So we'll see what happens on that side, but I – yeah. I don't think there's big swings either way on those two points.
