Todd Pedersen: This is Todd Pedersen speaking. Thanks for the compliment, by the way, on the quarter, we were super happy with it. So it is - it’s a result of our direct-to-home program being put on pause, which was about mid-March. Obviously, like anyone else, we’re trying to be respectful around the states being shut down. And here’s the update on that. We have re-launched that program. We are - by this weekend, we feel like we’ll be about 70% of what we normally would be from a sales rep perspective. There are still states that are not open to do business on the door-to-door program. We kind of - we’re making some adjustments on where they might change as far as markets go. So that - so the number of subscribers is a result of that. The thing I would say, though, is the places that we have deployed. And it’s early, still, but the receptivity and the per-rep average, if we look at it on a daily basis on a per-rep basis is very strong. So we’re trying to - we’re optimistic because we are having great interactions with consumers. We’ve adjusted the process on how we sell in the neighborhoods and not going in people’s homes if they don’t feel comfortable with that. And trying to kind of practice social distancing, but we’re optimistic by trying to make sure that we’re conservative on the projection side.
Todd Pedersen: It’s actually just - I want to be clear on this. They’ve - it’s been amazing how welcoming people are. Again, we’re wearing masks, gloves, keeping our distance. They can actually e-sign to a cell phone or a tablet, so not to interact directly with the customer, not to go into their homes, but the productivity per rep is really good. So the receptivity from consumers and the demands for our product and services at this time is quite amazing, so...
Todd Pedersen: I want to add something to that. This is - it’s super important to cite this. We’ve been reporting publicly for about seven years now. And if people go back a few years back - and again, without public shareholders, we had debt holders. Our service costs several years back was north of $18 per subscriber per month, which, by the way, the business still worked at that level. But the - our decision to build out and own a proprietary technology stack, the operating system, the firmware, the hardware, the hardware development, again, like Scott mentioned, the diagnostic tools, this is an incredible and important moat we’ve created and the capability that we have as a company to continue to enhance and tweak these - all of these functions of business to continue to improve the service cost. But really, really important is the delivery of the products and the service to customers. So customer satisfaction is way up. This is not we reduce cost and our service levels are worse, this is our service levels are as good as they’ve ever been. So we’re incredibly pleased with these results. Scott is being a bit modest.
Todd Pedersen: Look, there is the reality. We have - we’re now starting to get the benefit of all the investments we’ve made in the technology stack, and we’re getting operational efficiencies there. But even from a corporate side, because of the tools and technologies and our ability to deliver, and we’re able to bring back some of those costs and get operational efficiencies from a corporate perspective also. So we’re super pleased with all of this. And this is all - this process, and you all noticed, we started this before COVID hit, so this is just a continuation of what we’re already focused on.
Todd Pedersen: Yeah. So there’s - it’s multiple fronts. Obviously, the net subscriber acquisition cost is something that we focused on. You’ve seen a gain there. You’re going to see continued improvement there. We’ve - I think we show a reduction in RICs from last year to this year of about 50%. You’re going to see that improve. In fact, it’s going to be one of the biggest gains that you’ll see from the company. So really important. We’re trying to make sure that we’re financing these product sales off-balance sheet. We - and again, mentioned that we’re now not onboarding new customers from the direct-to-home side in Canada, which we - we have never found a partner to provide the consumer financing. So those subscribers were all again on-boarded on balance sheet. They were great subscribers, great credit scores, but there was a large amount of cash usage. We are still servicing the customer base up there, and they are our customers, but the exchange rate and the lack of consumer financing available there, we’ve chosen to halt that. Now we are still onboarding customers that call in and/or are referred into the company, so we have full capability of installation and service up there. And then just a plan of production in expenses and cost and reducing some budgets and eliminating projects here and there. So we’re just really fine-tuning the way we operate this business. We intend, just so everyone knows, to take some of those savings, cash savings, and start to focus on growing and building the brand, telling the story. We have an incredible story to tell. We have an incredible technology and service that we can deliver to consumers, which is in very high demand right now, especially in this period of time. And just the quality of product and the design and the delivery of the services has now come to a point where like, okay, it’s time to really focus on growing this business as we take advantage of this large market that we’re part of.
Todd Pedersen: And again, I think this was asked earlier, but we have given projections of getting cash flow neutral in 18 to 24 months. We are incredibly focused on trying to accomplish cash flow neutrality this year. There are factors that still remain with can we roll out our entire program? Will it last? Do states get shut back down? But what I would say is, it’s our primary factor. I think just through some of the numbers Dale’s thrown out now, we’re doing substantially better than last year and are pleased with where we’re sitting right now, and I think we’ll do a good job towards getting near that level this year.
Todd Pedersen: Sure. Thanks for the questions. I’m going to answer the first part of that. So knowing that unemployment rates are continuing to rise, we do understand that there’s risk to some of our subscribers losing their jobs, not having the ability to pay as of yet. And I think we’re kind of in the middle of it, but not at the end of it. We have not - if you’re hearing our numbers here, we are not - we have not yet been affected by that. In fact, we’ve seen slight improvements on all of the metrics in our business. And this is a product and service that provides safety and peace of mind. And with - and this is really important. With the differentiation, with the platform that we’ve developed with camera technology and the software we have around our doorbell camera and packaged theft-detection deterrents, our outdoor cameras with the lurker alerts, just enhancing what we deliver, the demand is higher, whether it be someone who doesn’t have anything at this point or that does have our services. And so it doesn’t mean that we’re completely protected from a continued downside scenario from a macroeconomic perspective, but we’re in a very good position compared to most companies and most industries. We’re deemed an essential service from states for a reason. It’s essential to customers. And really, depending on what their circumstances are with family or be it pets or children or elderly parents that need to be cared and provided for and watched over. So we were - in fact, we’re very proud of the fact that we deliver such incredible services, especially nowadays. But from a company perspective, here’s what I would say, we’ve taken a lot of time and been very surgical about looking at additional potential downsides and continued economic downturn, how we manage the business, how we manage costs in the field and otherwise, how we spend, budgets, prioritization of projects that we have. There are things that we can pull back on more. There’s obviously overhead that can be either reallocated or readjusted to adjust to the current economic environment. So I would say we - this management team has a very organized and detailed and structured plan in the event that the economic downturn worsens and starts to affect us. And that will either be through attrition or lack of demand from the consumers, which we’re not seeing any - either of those at this point. It doesn’t mean that we can’t or won’t, but at this point we have not seen that. Again, Scott mentioned a slight increase in the deferment program - or deferral program, but that’s back in line. It was slight and momentary. So we’re - again, we’re watching on a daily basis every important metric that there is that you can watch in that regard, so...
Todd Pedersen: Yeah. So on the first part of the question - this is Todd. We don’t break out the numbers to the specific channels, but this is what I would tell you. From an inside sales perspective, demand has been up over kind of our expected run rate in that channel. We - obviously, we mentioned we’ve put on pause the direct-to-home program. Not all of the states - as you all know, not all of the states are open for any type of business, let alone someone going into neighborhoods and into homes. We’ve made - well, what I can say is this. In the markets that we’re in, in the states that are opened up, productivity per sales rep is up, which again speaks to the demand and the interest that people have in the services that we deliver - we do deliver. And from a social distancing perspective, we’ve adjusted - from an engagement perspective, social distancing perspective. And then also tools perspective, we’ve changed how we interact and engage with the consumer if needs be. In fact, some customers, we will not engage them directly. We will keep our social distance, and they will ask why won’t we enter their home? But we are not entering homes unless people ask us to. And we obviously have done the physical checks on our sales force and our installation force every morning, making sure they have no signs of the virus, and then also asking the appropriate question to the family or home owner that we’re entering into. But even with the change in environment and how we engage with consumers, which also includes the ability to do video - we’ve all learned this. The ability to do a sales call over video, we have that capability, too, now like anyone else does in this situation. We’ve adjusted, and the performance is very good. Now the question would be, and this is the - we pulled back on our gross subscriber adds because we did pause the direct-to-home program and there are states that still are not open yet. So that would be the difference in the number. But as far as productivity goes and engagement goes - and if this is the new norm, we’re okay with that because we can accomplish what we need to accomplish with - just keep - continue to have social distancing and that type of thing. So we feel very confident in that regard. On the credit side, Dale is going to talk about that.
Todd Pedersen: And look, anyone that’s in the financial world that’s lending money, whether it be a corporation or an individual or consumer, they’re going to lend into a space or an industry where they’re going to get a consistent return. And if you look at our - the financials and the numbers and you think about the forbearance on our customers, as it stands right now, numbers are trending really well as expected or slightly better than that. And so we believe that as long as our customer base is paying their bill and the demand is there so they can onboard more financing under on to the platform, we’re in good position. Again, like Dale said, we’re in communication with Citizens constantly, and they’ve been a great partner. And by the way, they partner up with some other really large-scale companies that also depend on that financing. So as it stands today, we feel great. Now if that changed and the - Citizens went away, we do have a secondary financing partner. There are others out there we are not engaged with physically. But from a conversation perspective, there are others we’re having conversations with. If it all went away, and that may be the question you’re asking, we would have - we’d slow down growth. But as it stands today in this current - and cut back costs, and there are other measures that we would take as a business. But as it stands right now, we feel like we’re in a good position, so...
Todd Pedersen: So this is very, very important. You mentioned the word precipitous. It’s actually - this is actually a good thing. We’ve talked about our objective to get to cash flow neutrality. This is one of those levers. Our old model - and if you look at some of the other models in consumer finance - or consumer-facing businesses, our old model was, we got all $75, but we had to finance that entire SAC on our balance sheet. Now we’re having the consumer finance more of the hardware upfront. We’re getting that cash upfront. And it’s one of the drivers that’s getting us towards cash flow neutrality. So it’s - we’re very, very pleased with the results. And I think everyone on this phone call will feel the same when we kind of finish up the year and we see the results of that. And so there’s no reduction in demand for services. In fact, it’s the opposite. There’s an increasing demand for the hardware and services. We’re just using finance as a lever to not have to go back to the debt work. So we’re very pleased with this result.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So I mean, look, we are interested - we know that the services we deliver are very differentiated and special, and people that have them are raving fans. And it’s getting better and better with technology advancements, and there are innovation centers developing enhancements in the software and the firmware and the deployment. We’re just getting better at it. So we are laying out plans to begin to brand and market the business and services. Because frankly, a lot of people just don’t even know who Vivint is, and we’ve got 1.5 million subscribers. And so we intend to tell that story. Now we are not going to do that until we’re confident that we have ex [ph] beyond - I’d say, we’re not going to do that until we’re cash flow positive. We’re not going to spend our debt to start a big marketing and demand-gen program. You’re not going to see that. But we are feeling confident enough about the plans that we have laid out in the upcoming months. And we need to prep for that, think about that, think about how to tell the story, integrate that into our kind of ongoing financials and investment. So we hope to do it, intend to do it, but we will not do it until we have excess cash beyond neutrality.
Todd Pedersen: We appreciate everyone getting on the call. I know some people had a bit of a difficult time getting on. Thanks for the patience with that. Again, management is incredibly pleased with Q1 performance. Although it’s been a bit of a hectic last few months for us and other companies and individuals across the world, we felt like we’ve responded quickly and decisively. And we look forward to a very good 2020 year. And you can expect us to deliver on the numbers. Thank you.
Scott Hardy: Yeah, Rod. This is Scott. As we’ve shared, we continue to see impressive gains on service costs, and that’s a function of the vertically integrated business model that Todd talked about, having the integrated software platform, the hardware, the diagnostic tools, controlling the installation process, that’s really helped us drive some significant improvements, both on the cost side and, importantly, on the customer satisfaction side. That said, historically, our service costs have been seasonally lower in Q1. Our service costs tend to be highest in the early months of a customer’s life cycle. So given the seasonality of how we generally put new customers on, particularly in the summer, we tend to see service costs increase in the back half of the year. So while we’re really encouraged by the current trends on service costs and the Q1 results, we wouldn’t anticipate a sustained full year results at that level.
Scott Hardy: Thanks, Edward. This is Scott. I’ll tackle the attrition question and then turn it over to Dale to address the question about the revolver draw. On attrition, certainly given the economic impact of the COVID virus, this is something that we’re paying very close attention to. We’re monitoring consumer credit and unemployment trends and candidly feel fortunate that we have a majority of our customer base that consists of homeowners that have a credit score of over 700. So as Dale shared, our Q1 attrition was in line with expectations, slightly better than what we’ve planned. It reflects really the value that we think consumers see in the services we’re providing, particularly in times of uncertainty like this. Q1 was up over Q4 by about 20 basis points. That’s a function of, as we’ve shared in the past, cohort level attrition and then the percent of customers that are coming out of term. That percent has been going up. But overall, we’re actually performing slightly better than we would have expected in Q1. Todd shared, and I think Dale did as well, we have a history of strength and resiliency during economic downturns. We saw that in 2008 and 2009, and through April and even the first week of May. And we’re seeing indicators in terms of notices of cancellation in terms of number of customers that are going into our collection process that are tracking normal and in line with our expectations, which suggests an ongoing resiliency of the business model. We’ve always had a forbearance program for customers that are in some form of financial distress, and that’s where we will defer payment for a period of months and then extend their contract by a meaningful amount. We did see during the last six weeks, a modest and temporary increase in the number of customers that we are proactively calling in and asking for payment forbearance. That peaked really in late March and early April. But as of last week, the number of customers asking for forbearance was coming back into line with our historical run rates. And overall, during that period, it’s well under 1% of our customer base that has done that. So we’re feeling, at this point, that there’s no real change to how we’re seeing attrition for 2020.
Scott Hardy: Yeah, from an e-commerce perspective, Shweta, certainly our two primary go-to-market channels are direct-to-home and inside sales, and we are testing and constantly piloting other forms of channel distribution to get to market. E-commerce is one of those. I think, certainly, we’ll see a continued trend accelerated by the COVID virus towards the e-commerce. And so that’s an area we continue to test into, to evaluate. It’s not really built into our forecast at this point, and so it’s all upside for us as we’re able to find the right bit and drive acquisition through those types of channels.
Dale Gerard: So this is Dale. So it’s going to be some service costs for sure, Rod. And then I think as we said in the prepared remarks, we’ve done a lot of going through our cost structure, we had taking out costs, so we feel really good about - we’ll see that in the back half of the year. We did a lot of that in the first quarter, some of that early April. And so that $30 million we talked about, we’ll see - on an annualized basis, we’ll see some of that throughout the next nine months or eight months of 2020. So it’s really kind of holding the - seeing the revenue come in, in terms of the subscribers and then servicing costs and then taking that out of cost. And it’s not only on the G&A and the service side, but we also took out overhead costs. And I think you saw that in the fact that our net subscriber cost was $960. Some of that is upfront, but we’re also attacking expense overhead within the sales process.
Dale Gerard: Yeah. So we’ll kind of break those down. The $20 million really relates around the changes in personnel and cost reductions that we did at the beginning of March. So we kind of - we’d actually talked about on the fourth quarter call from 2019 and put out, and so that’s really what is included in that restructuring charge there. It’s - some of it’s severance and most of - half of it or so is related to stock-based comp, which was - as we - those people left and their equity - kind of their treatment of their equity changed. And then the other cost, as Todd said, we really focused on cost, whether it’s in servicing. And again, really focusing on overhead and making sure that we have the right infrastructure, the right cost structure and that we’re spending money in the areas that really provide either servicing customers or they’re providing growth. And so as we think about service, how do we think about our leadership, our structure there, level - kind of tiers, leaders in the field, people that are in the corporate, on the servicing side. And then on the G&A - and innovation, the same thing. It’s like, hey, there’s a lots of products and lots of different things we can go do, but let’s focus in on what we really think the customers want that can drive that kind of next-gen of products. And so it’s really across all areas of the company. It’s not just one area. And we’ve actually - I would say for 2020, we’ve actually taken actions that are greater than the $30 million, but some of those will - that will come back most likely in 2021, such as - not - we’ve discontinued any type of merit increases for ‘20. We’ve actually stopped matching the 401(k). So we’ve taken some actions. Again, we want to be ahead of it. We think that - and we’ve done a lot of these in early April to make sure that we’re in a good position to weather any kind of storm that comes at us here. But some of those will come back next year. But the $30 million is what we think of permanently is not coming back in the budgets and different things that we’ve been doing.
Dale Gerard: Thanks, Scott. And then in terms of the revolver. So the revolving credit facility, we get the - amended that in mid-February when we did some refinancing efforts. So the revolver has a total capacity of $350 million. Less LCs, there’s about $334 million that’s outstanding that we’ve drawn. And we have $305 million in cash as of April 30. And thankfully, today, we’re still sitting on about $305 million of cash. So we really brought that revolver down. I mean, I was around, when last time there was these kind of disruptions in the market, so we brought that down as really - in case there was some disruption in the financial markets. And we could - we’re able - and we didn’t need it to draw it. We weren’t able to, so we - in the abundance of consciousness, we drew down on that revolver, again, as sitting in cash on our balance sheet. And like I said, we drew down - total revolver outstanding drawdowns is $334 million and we’re sitting on $300 million in cash, which you’ll see when the Q comes out that we used about $30 million in operating cash flow for the first quarter.
Dale Gerard: Yeah. Just one more. So I think, again, we don’t give out guidance in terms of by channel, but I think what you could take Todd’s - what Todd’s saying is on the direct-to-home, whatever you have in your model for the full year, assume that we don’t have very much for April because that channel was paused. That was pause kind of mid-March. So you could kind of say from mid-March until right now we’re just starting to ramp back up. And as Todd said, we’re probably about 70% of where we would normally be at this point in terms of reps out on the doors. So if you can kind of think through that as you remodel that. In terms of financing, again, we stay in very, very close contact with our two consumer financing partners. We have a primary and a secondary financing partner. We’ve not seen anything at this point. It’s something - it’s one of those metrics, I guess, as Todd said, we watch every day and every morning. Early in the morning I get the report and I look at those to see what was the - what declines were we seeing yesterday, what were the reasons for declines on financing, what approval rates were, all the different things by channel. And so again, we’re in contact with these partners. They’re very committed to the program. They still are open for business and looking to put on new business. And so we’re watching this, but we think that we have really good partners to partner with us here. And our customers - as Todd said, a lot of these customers - the demand for the products there and customers, their FICO score and their financial situation is still allowing them to continue to purchase this and get finance more of the product.
Dale Gerard: Yeah. Again, this goes back to how we’ve talked about the pricing model and Flex Pay model, where ARPU - and a little bit - Todd talked about this a little bit in the fourth quarter call. We’re actually looking - as we continue to drive cash - to cash flow neutral goal here, we’re pushing - we’re starting to leverage pricing upfront on some of the products and some of the sales at the point of sale. And what you’re seeing, a little bit of that is that we’re giving - our ARPU is coming down a little bit. Our service ARPU is coming in a little bit as the customers are paying more for the equipment and financing more. When you look at it out of pocket for a customer, it’s still in that mid $70 a month range. $72 to $75 a month, the customer is paying. It’s just that that bill now is split a little bit differently and a little bit more going to the finance partners, which, by the way, we get all that cash upfront. So the economics on that customer and the return on that capital is much better for us. And so that’s what you’re seeing, and you’re seeing that kind of flow through.
Dale Gerard: Yeah, I think the cash uses, I mean, if you looked at - we’re still putting out about $1,000 on a sub. So if you say we’re going to do less than 50,000 subs despite close to the $50 million of cash saving, $50 million to $60 million. But I think you’re exactly right. That is a large cash savings if we’re not able to do that. And then to the brand question, I think, Todd will give you what - whether we reinvest that money into brand.
Dale Gerard: Yes, no. It’s - we rolled out the - Fortiva as our second financing partner, rolled those out in April of 2019. That is still the same as it’s always been. They’re kind of taking a look at anything that doesn’t kind of get financed by Citizens, and rightly closes down to them. So really no change in that process at all.
