David Crane: Thank you, Chris. And before I give those closing remarks, I just want to mention about Chris' departure, which obviously we announced in the second press release this morning. I'm very sorry to see Chris go, as I think he did much during his comparatively short time with the company to streamline some of our critical processes and simplify our balance sheet, so that we would be in a better position to optimize the allocation of the company's capital. So on behalf of myself and everyone at NRG, I wish him well in his new endeavor. With respect to a new CFO, we have just commenced consideration of potential successors for Chris. And while it is early days yet, I want you to know that I have every expectation that we will be able to consider our alternatives and fill the position in a much shorter period of time than last time around.  The second and final thing I would tell you at this early stage in our CFO's search is that we have a very, very capable finance and accounting teams with deeply experienced management. And they will continue to pursue the company's various financing and capital allocation initiatives no matter how short or how long the CFO interim [ph] period turns out to be.  So now turning to the concluding slide on Page 20. Sometimes the NRG story, by which I mean our investment proposition, can seem rather complicated. But I think at this juncture and at this share price, it boils down to 3 things that you may wish to consider as drivers for further investment in NRG: First, our unique wholesale asset retail business mix that has its core strength in Texas, the best and strongest growing regional market in the United States with the reserve margin that has proven itself in the past few days to be surprisingly tight; second, our robustly growing green energy portfolio of projects and businesses, led by our industry-leading multifaceted solar program; and third, our willingness and our significant ability to return excess capital through our capital allocation program in a manner that creates value for our shareholders. This is a business model, which we had been pursuing relentlessly in the past and will continue to do so in the future. And with that, Kiara, we will be happy to take questions from people on the phone.
David Crane: We have increased some of our marketing activity. The other thing that we've done is we've entered into some new channel arrangements to meet customers in more places from an acquisition standpoint. We've made significant improvements in our conversion performance within our channel. In fact, our conversion on a close rate is higher than it's been in our historical performance. The third thing that we've done on a retention standpoint in retaining customers is we've gotten a lot better in terms of our overall retention performance as well, so it's a factor of new channels, our acquisition performance, our conversion rates and just performing a lot better on a retention level, which is enhanced by our customer service and the types of product offerings that we're giving customers, that we believe continue to differentiate us in the market and what we're doing around our e-Sense product program.
David Crane: Well, Greg, let me take -- the way we look at it is that Chris comes in at what's an increasingly long line of CFOs of this company, all of whom have told me that they think that the ongoing cash needs of the company in order to operate our business is in the $700 million range. And so we start by setting that aside. The second thing I think that you will -- you can count on us doing is that we will look at the equity capital when we get to the first quarter next year. We'll look at the equity capital that we expect to invest in the solar projects and the conventional projects that are well on their way. One of the things about -- another one of the things that I like about solar development is that the hit rate on solar development seems to be significantly higher than the hit rate on conventional power generation. And so if it looks like we have projects in the pipeline that are going to require equity capital in a foreseeable period of time, for example, calendar year 2012, we will take that into account. And then we look at having deducted those 2 things and obviously, the main is environmental CapEx, and the other things we do every year, then that's the number. And right now, we projected that number will be in the several hundred million dollar range. And so I know -- and I did sort of avoid the previous question in terms of ranking these various uses of capital. And to some degree, I don't think that we have to rank these uses of capital because we have so much capital that if we have very strong investments, I think we can do more than one thing. But I think we will look where we stand at that time in the Spring of 2012. And this is important, and then we will consult with our Board of Directors because they will have a very strong point of view on this. And then, we will look at the options in terms of return of capital to all the stakeholders, the shareholders certainly but even whether there should be more debt repayment.
David Crane: So outside of Texas, it's still early days for us. We're a little 2 terawatt hours in our C&I business. Our residential business, we're only in 3 states. We've not begun to fully turn up our marketing activity as of yet, so we really think that we'll see more of our growth come from out of region the back half of this year and certainly into 2012. But we do intend over the next couple of years that it will represent meaningful growth for us in terms of our overall retail EBITDA performance, as well as customers and volume.
David Crane: That is correct. I mean, we've taken advantage of short-term rallies in the gas market, particularly pre-summer. And we executed some gas hedges in our baseload portfolio. And as you know -- as we get closer to the delivery year, we'll convert that into power.
David Crane: 60 in Texas. And what we're particularly concerned about is when the retail margin would erode under obviously price competition from other retailers and for the reasons that we already described, Reliant had been able to withstand that attack. But what we may be facing over the next 3 years is that if ERCOT, which does not have a lot of generations supply coming through the construction pipeline, gets very tight on generation side, Jason's wholesale costs may rise and compressed retail margins in that regard. And so, will Jason be able to do $600 million or $700 million a year every year going forward, not in that sort of rising wholesale pricing environment. But of course, the good thing for an NRG shareholder is what Jason sees in terms of compression is what our generation side will see as greater margin. In Texas, we're still roughly 2/3 generation and 1/3 retail. So ultimately, the company overall will benefit in that situation even if Reliant has difficulty posting that same type of number year on, year out -- year in, year out.
David Crane: And operator, I think that's a great note for us -- that last effort to extol the beauty of the wholesale, retail model that is unique to NRG is a good way to end the discussion. So thank you all very much for participating in this call, and we look forward to speaking with you in the months to come and on the next quarter call at the beginning of November. Thank you very much.
Christian Schade: Yes. No, Brandon, it's 49% of the equity in the 880 megawatts of utility scale. To give you size, there is -- before ITC, it's about $1.8 billion total equity. So afterwards, after the ITC grant, it's about approximately $1 billion. So 49% of that would leave us with approximately $500 million of equity. And as I said on the call, the benefits to us here are threefold. Obviously, we're looking to attract new investors into this to continue to bring them in and other investments that we have in the future. And clearly, we're going to optimize the tax benefit created by these projects. So those are the 2 certain goals as we move this forward. And we are -- certainly still expect to have this done before year end.
Christian Schade: And that's not included in any of the liquidity slides that you have in the deck in the slide presentation.
Christian Schade: Weather clearly had an impact on our overall volumes. But I would tell you in terms of our performance for the quarter, it's a combination of not only weather driving higher volume, we had benefited from a lower supply cost than budget, as well as a strong improvement in our bad debt, which I think is consistent, which is the overall economic environment that you see here in Texas; and then fourth, the strong customer count growth. So it's a combination of all 4 of those things that's really driving the performance.
Christian Schade: Well, Ted, I mean, obviously, we are intentionally being vague about what we expect to do in 2012 because we don't want to create an expectation amongst people like yourselves that we would have to fulfill 6 months from now under completely different circumstances. Obviously, with where the company share prices now, seriously undervalued from our perspective, we see investment in the company's stock is to be about the best thing that the company can do with its money. We obviously have no idea what the company share price will be in the first quarter next year. Obviously, we hope that it moved in a particular direction from where it is right now. So I don't want to give you a particular number in that regard. But I would tell you that as we think through what will happen once we are out from underneath the -- out from underneath this restricted payment basket is that, I think, one thing that we'll be trying to change people's mindset on is the idea that there is a specific amount of buyback that we'll do every year on a recurring basis. That was something that we put in place about 5 years ago because looking forward with the RP basket is part of our life. We sort of saw that we'd have that ability to do that. I think what you'll see in the first quarter next year is that the way we're going to look at it is that, we want to right size our balance sheet from the point of view of how much liquidity we've maintained and go back to the way most people do buybacks, which is not something they do the same number every year. But if they have excess cash, they do it, and if they don't have excess cash, they don't do it. So I think that's the way we'll be looking at whatever decision we make in the first quarter of the year is -- how much excess cash do we have and what should we do of it, so that the balance sheet isn't constantly carrying this big -- it's a high quality problem, but this burden of too much high cost capital.
Christian Schade: Yes. I don't think the timeline has changed at all. I think we've been very opportunistic about the refinancings to date. And that really has taken advantage of a firm high yield bond market, so we continue to track that. We continue to understand where a potential refinancing with price vis-a-vis where we would redeem these bonds. Obviously, there's a May call period which is available now, which declines from -- based on treasury, it's about 107.5 or so now. It declines to the call price, which is about 103 and 3/8 or so in January. So we'll just continue to track it through that time period and then see what our refinancing alternatives are.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Paul, this is Mauricio. I mean, right now, there is no market liquidity for allowances, and we haven't seen any indication on pricing outside of what the EPA provided. So as we said, we have an integrated compliance strategy. I think, purchasing allowance is one of the options. And as we gain clarity on pricing, then we will decide whether we buy more [indiscernible], how much more we're going to increase our scrubber removal efficiency on Limestone and Parish, but that's yet to be determined based on prices.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Paul, I mean, that's -- it's very difficult to establish at this point. I mean, we're looking at the spread between low sulfur and high sulfur PRB or lower sulfur and low sulfur PRB. That will provide us some indication capital investment or low capital investment to comply. So I mean, at this point, it's very difficult to pin a pricing expectation.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. I mean, well, as you know, we filed a complaint with FERC. We believe that the MISO did not exert the buyer [ph] side mitigation rules in the Astoria ACS plant. That was the main driver of the decrease in capacity prices from June to July. We think that -- we're awaiting the ruling from FERC. We think that there is a good precedent, given how they sided on the [indiscernible] rule in PJM, and we will update you when we know more about it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think specifically for Big Cajun, we'll be evaluating SNCRs relative to the cost of allowances and potentially the use of lower sulfur PRB. That's what we're contemplating right now. But as you can appreciate, without having some price visibility, we haven't made up our mind on what route to take.
Jason Few: Paul, this is Jason. We don't give margins at a segment level between our mass business and our C&I business. But what I can tell you is that if you look at our performance against both those segments, in the mass segment, we have seen a slight erosion of margins in that business, but that's consistent with competitive market, but yet we're still delivering very strong margins against the portfolio. In the C&I business, we continue to see increased margin pressure in that business. However, we're taking a very disciplined approach against the types of business that we're going after to make sure that we can earn the proper type of return against the capital we're putting at risk against the C&I business.
Jason Few: Well against both segments, rather C&I or mass segment, we see lower margins in the Northeast than we do in the Texas market, just given the market structures that exist across PJM. But relative to our plan and what we thought we would be able to achieve in those markets, again, early days. We're fairly consistent with the types of margins we thought we would be able to generate in the Northeast.
Jason Few: Our expectation is that the margins are going to be what they are. And that's going to -- our growth and the speed of which we grow is really more about getting certified in each of the states and then us actively marketing in those states. But we think that over time and we certainly believe that market conditions may change, and that you might get to a more open competitive market like you see in Texas over time and PJM, we think that will create some margin expansion opportunity in those markets if that actually happens.
Jason Few: Angie, this is Jason. No, I think if you look at our margins in 2011, again, they're being helped today also by lower supply cost. We're seeing improvement in our bad debt. It's not all just kind of the market dynamic that's driving that. I think when you look at our position in the market, our ability to capture a premium from a pricing standpoint, we feel fairly confident that we'll continue to be able to hold the kind of margins that we're delivering today. Now whether or not you continue to see the volume inflation that whether it's one of those contributing factors, that's something that we'll see if that repeats itself in 2012. But I don't think that you would look at our margins today and say that they're being inflated by the way in which ERCOT operates the market.
