David Crane: I think in terms of -- first of all, there are not a lot of hidden commitments. I mean, if the partners -- and Dan, one thing I want to emphasize here, and I apologize to all our shareholders because I may not have spoken as accurately as I should have about the way this works, when we talk about like shutting down the project, this project like every other jointly developed product I've ever been in my life, one party does not have the right to shut down the project. One party only has the right to reduce or stop their spend in the project. The other party always has the right to unilaterally go forward. So when I talk about our decision-making in terms of actually shutting down a project, let's assume we have a joint decision of Toshiba and NRG to shut down the project. I think our overall sense is that while it will take a few months to wind down spending and money spent on demobilization and the like, there are not like enormous commitments that have not been disclosed before. I think the overall commitment of the Company would be in the $500 million range, but that $500 million includes the money that Toshiba's put to date. So that's more of an earnings number. You'd have to deduct the $150 million from Toshiba to get the cash exposure of NRG.
David Crane: So the answer that question is no. There is no reimbursement agreement. We tried to depict on Page 9 and Lasan, this is a work in progress. But in terms of funding the work and -- again, I wouldn't say that -- I mean just make sure that we’re 100% accurate with the words. I'm not sure if Toshiba is accelerating the payment. They're just bearing more of the ongoing cost. The spend rate of the project is being reduced from about $30 million a month to about $20 million a month. And in terms of the part of that, the very significant part of that, that NRG is not going to be funding, what we're showing on the right-hand side of Page 9 is the various alternatives that Toshiba has to bear that cost. And it could be vendor financing or there is the TANE credit facility. Toshiba also has the option of doing it through equity in NINA, in which case there would be some dilution of NRG. But there's no sort of reimbursement agreement we've entered into to cause us to have to make up the cost that Toshiba is bearing in these months going forward.
David Crane: Well we could, I mean, that’s possible. But Lasan, what I would tell you is we’re announcing today that we've cut spending on the project by 95%. I mean, that is, from a point of view of removing the burden from the shoulders of NRG shareholders, I would say that that's a very significant step. If we decided and Toshiba agreed that the project really made no sense to go forward, would we cut from $1.5 million a month to zero? I don't think we would do that immediately because there's significant value in the project. I mean, first of all, we would probably keep the license going to conclusion, given how far we've come. And between some long lead time items that we've ordered, the intellectual property involved in the application process, the design, the Americanization of the Japanese ABWR design, I mean, we're talking about a set of the development assets that have significant value, and we would certainly not just throw those into the ocean. I think we would keep a team going to see if we could monetize that value.
David Crane: Well, Jay, it's a good question, and you surmised correctly that when you say that we plan on focusing on it a bit more over the next several months. I mean, I think one way to look at it simplistically is that really the STP development project has three work streams. The one that which I think when people started we would've talked the most about, which was the regulatory approval work stream at the NRC. We don't ever talk about that anymore because it's working perfectly. It's right on track. It's the other two work streams, one is how to get money for the project and then of course the commercial arrangements. And there's been a lot of focus on the getting money work stream because of the DOE loan guarantee process. But the third work stream is the offtake. The offtake is the uncertainty that has caused us to not push so hard on the offtake thus far is not really related to the money. It's more related to the fact that you have to have a solid EPC price in order to talk to offtakers about the power and what it's going to cost. And we're getting much closer to a conclusion there in terms of getting a final EPC price that we then can work into something more specific to take to the offtakers. And so we expect in the second half this year, maybe spilling into the first quarter, to be looking for binding commitments from the several people that we've been talking to about long-term offtake for the project.
David Crane: Well, TEPCO go investment is conditioned upon receipt of the DOE loan guarantee, so it hasn't happened yet. Having said that, TEPCO has been a technical adviser to the project from the beginning and since they fully expect the DOE loan guarantee to come through, I mean, we're working with them. But the trigger for the injection of the first fund from TEPCO has not occurred and will not occur until the DOE loan guarantee is received.
David Crane: Well, no. I mean, when you say Japanese financing, to me you're talking about the Japanese government co-financing on the debt side which TEPCO is working with us to get those funds or those guarantees from the Japanese government. No, I'm talking about the TEPCO equity investment which is not related to Japanese financing. It's actually related to DOE financing. Once the DOE award is granted and accepted by us then that will trigger their injection of capital into the, I think, $155 million. That would be the trigger for them to inject $155 million into the project.
David Crane: But your question was on the Wholesale side. I mean, I think we split out the extent to which it was Reliant and the guidance on Slide 22. But yes, on the Wholesale side, it was both Texas and the Northeast.
David Crane: Well thank you very much. And operator, thank you for your assistance and again thank everyone for tuning in on Monday and for your interest in NRG.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Ameet, this is Mauricio. Some of the revenue comes from ancillaries. We've been able to position our portfolio to take advantage of a higher or juicier ancillary prices. As you think about our portfolio, as our solid fuel portfolio ramped down during off-peak hours, we've become basically the least cost provider of ancillary services. And during on-peak hours, our GAAP portfolio can meet those obligations. So think of our portfolio as the least cost provider of ancillaries and as these ancillaries increase in price, we've been able to position ourselves to mitigate some of the lower gas prices that you mentioned and that we have experienced in the business. I mean that is one of the drivers.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean I think you already addressed the first reason. I mean we were hedged against the expected levels that we had back in October of 2009. As the gas prices have decreased, our expected generation has decreased with it. We have not pared down completely our hedges. We want to be consistent with our market view. And I think it's pretty simple to deduct that we were somewhat bearish in the front part of the gas market. And we didn’t see the need to change our hedge profile for the balance of 2010.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Neel, one of the benefits of our combining wholesale and retail is the stability that it provides to our generation portfolio in ancillary services but also shape products and an optionality that the Reliant business needs to manage the low variability. So this is just, I would consider, a perfection of hedging wholesale and retail after 14 months of ownership. With respect to the ancillary question, I think people try to get -- as you look into two years out, the market tends to pay off for insurance in the form of ancillaries. So we've been able to capitalize on that back in 2009 going into 2010. So I think the combination of combining wholesale and retail in providing these ancillary products, as well as the market being able to pay up for ancillaries I mean, I think that's the combination that has provided or that has mitigated some of the downside risk on gas prices for our Texas fleet.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I don't believe we have disclosed the absolute amount of the cost. What I will tell you is, most of the hedging that we did in 2011 was under the collar structure. So moving it from the low 70s to the mid-80%, it was incremental on the back of the collars that we executed.
Mauricio Gutierrez: The only thing that I would add or emphasize is the congestion aspect of it. We have firm transmission to the customer, the customer has firm transmission from our facilities. Anybody else who wants to serve that customer will have to have firm transmission, which could potentially require cost transmission operates or redirect our transmission cost. So that's puts us in a competitive advantage with respect to a generic combined cycle, economics in the region.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Two things. One, is the Texas fleet being able to serve or sell premium products to Reliant. And then the second is some upside on the Northeast markets. I mean we just saw very little fuel switching, particularly around March and April time frame. All the other months, we've been running pretty healthy on our solid fleet.
John Ragan: We had three of the four units come on in June, kind of spaced out on a one-week basis. So they were synchronized to the grid during June. Three of the four units.
John Ragan: Michael, right now, we finished all the work at Dunkirk and Huntley. We are currently putting controls in place on Indian River 4. As we'd mentioned earlier, this year we stopped work on Indian River 3 and completed a new structure with Delaware that allows us to continue to run that unit for a period of time and then shut down. So that's really where our CapEx is being spent right now. Regarding the lodge in assets, again, we see these being able to recover that CapEx and new contracts that we structure with the co-ops in Louisiana. So we do think that we can get recovery for that CapEx when those controls are put in place.
John Ragan: Well, again, right now we’re doing the engineering work to determine what we need to do. But again, until we get a better sense of the macro about acid gases, it's a little more difficult to determine exactly what we will do there. If, as we expect EPA to be pragmatic around how they go about facilitating the reductions, again, we don't see the worst case scenario where we have to control unit by unit. So until we have a better sense of that, it's a little hard to say how the CapEx will be spent in Texas.
