David Crane: Thank you Kirk. As Mauricio did, the sort of overall goals and objectives for the company, which we always do on this call, appear on Slide 22. You can see our priorities for the 12 months ahead and this will allow you to follow along and hold us accountable for our progress. As you see from the list, we don’t lack either ambition or in things to do, but I think one of the things I’m proudest of is that we’ve proven in the past that we can succeed at this company on multiple fronts simultaneously.  So with that, Grant, I think we will open the phone lines for some questions.
David Crane: Thanks Jon. Is there another question? Well, I don’t know if people on the phone are having communications issues, but we’re not hearing anything here.
David Crane: Stephen, everything we possibly could do to block you out did not work, so now it’s your chance to ask a question.
David Crane: Yeah. So what I would tell you, Stephen, is that I think it is sort of a—it’s a target rich environment, and right now while there are a lot of other people that are, as you know, talking about yield vehicles, there aren’t that many others out there that actually exist, and the ones that are, are much smaller and sort of single asset or single type of asset, so we like to think not at the same quality as NRG Yield. So there are a lot of targets. What I would tell you is that the two challenges that have to be overcome is, number one, the success of NRG Yield and what it means about NRG Yield’s cost of capital. The math can easily be done by the seller, and so my bigger concern rather than having a bunch of targets is making sure that the seller doesn’t think that all the benefit of NRG Yield’s cost of capital goes to them, because for it to work, we have to have some clearance on our cost of capital. So I think it’s raised price expectations amongst sellers of contracted assets. The second thing, and this is an interesting area, it’s just more complicated, is that particularly when you talk about renewable contracted assets, there are a lot of thinly capitalized companies that have a portfolio of operating assets but they also have a development portfolio, and what’s interesting to me and interesting to them, but complicated, is the idea of working out an arrangement going forward where they can feed their contracted assets into NRG Yield but also have some sort of understanding with respect to their development assets when they get them finished. That could very much be a win-win, but it’s complicated.
David Crane: Well I mean, I’m always very concerned about the precise nature of the question, Stephen. I mean, the Stirling engine, it has a few batteries in it but the beauty of the Stirling engine, which for other people on the call, we hope it to be our entrance into the distributed generation in terms of reliable distributed or non-intermittent distributed generation, is that while it does have a few batteries in it to sort of clean up the power from a voltage perspective, for us it’s a substitute for massive banks of batteries. The basic theory of it is that if you have a machine that ties to the natural gas system in the United States, you can link it up with solar on a distributed basis and you don’t need to have a basement full of batteries.  So what we’re trying to get to on Stirling, we’re in the field demonstration phase, Stephen. We expect to have 20 machines out in real-life applications by the end of the first half of this year, and that will lead to a decision to go to large-scale manufacturing in the second half of the year, and hopefully available for—you know, fully commercially available certainly by the second half of 2015. So I think you’ll be hearing a lot more about that over the next six to 12 months.
David Crane: Okay, thanks John. And you mentioned New York – I think it was announced recently about a refueling of Dunkirk in western New York to gas, which I think is very helpful. We have a permitted site in New York City at Astoria which we’d love to go forward. We’re just hoping basically for a long-term contract. So as I’ve said previously, I hope just in terms of intrinsic growth that over the next 12 to 18 months, we certainly can go forward with 1,000 to 2,000 megawatts in total of redevelopments of existing sites off the strength of long-term contracts so that they would be assets that over time would be – I don’t know if this is proper English – drop down-able into NRG Yield.
David Crane: Well, I think if you’re talking about growth opportunities in terms of financial growth in the near term, the type of term that most people on the phone are probably interested in, sort of the two to five-year term, by far I think that the greatest growth effort for us would be actually in the center column where traditional retail and residential solar come together. We are big believers in this view that various analysts, maybe some analysts on the phone, have also come to the conclusion that within the next 12 to 24 months in 24 states, roughly 20 to 24 states, residential solar will be cost competitive, and where we see our advantage is in combining that with actually supply of system power. So I would say in the medium term time frame, that is the highest growth area.
David Crane: So Angie, first of all, I should say the first draft of our comments, Chad wanted me to say about how we wouldn’t talk about year-to-date. He almost had a sentence in there saying, Angie won’t listen to our statement that we won’t talk about it.  So what I would say, we have Elizabeth and Jim here, but I would say that the cold weather that we have—I mean, there have been bouts of cold weather. It’s been coldish weather in Texas, but nothing of course like what we’ve seen in the northeast. But we’ve had good volume in Texas and so—and that by far is the biggest portion of our retail, so I’d say that they’re sort of on a positive track. With respect to the northeast and the extraordinary weather that we’ve got up here, as we’ve talked about, the various extreme weather events in the summer or the winter, we hedge our retail book against expected weather so when extraordinary weather comes there is a road bump, so I would say that the results in the northeast retail year-to-date were not positive. But the scale of it relative to the positive side on the wholesale, it’s sort of a rounding error.
David Crane: It’s a good question, Angie, and that’s why it’s a tough question. I’m going to ask Mauricio to answer it.
David Crane: Thank you, Angie. And Grant, I know we’re approaching if not passed the top of the house, and some of the people on the call will have another earnings call with NRG Yield in half an hour, and I know the management of that company gets really antagonized when we go over. But since we did have that disruption, I’d like to take two more calls and then anyone that we don’t get to, we apologize and please contact Chad and we’ll set up a call or try and answer your questions. So Grant, two more callers and then we’ll be done.
David Crane: Well, let me just say I’m sure Mauricio will have more to add to this. I think we’ve shown here, didn’t we, that—I mean, Texas was up 3.4% for the quarter, so why someone thinks Texas is going to suddenly stop—go down to 1, I mean, you tell me. We would be planning for more robust growth.
David Crane: Yeah, I’d actually like Elizabeth to comment on that because a big part—you know, an important sales channel for Reliant is actually people moving in, and as far as I know, I’ve heard of no abatement in terms of pace of people moving into Texas. And if we get 18 inches on Sunday, hell, I’m moving to Texas!
David Crane: Yeah, what I would say about that is that—I mean, both in terms of conventional, wholesale and retail system power, they are both core parts of our businesses, particularly in the geographic areas we’re in. We look at everything, so we look at everything and we get specific on nothing on a call like this. But no – we definitely actively look at everything, and I don’t know if I would say—you sort of said distressed, but I mean, we were a little bit surprised that we didn’t actually get more questions about buybacks, why aren’t you announcing buybacks. But Kirk said it near the very end of his comments, which it is a good time, I think, to be a buyer and so—because it does seem like there’s a lot of potential opportunities out there, and at a particular price we’re interested in a lot of things. I would say on the generation side, the times where we used to say to you, look, we really need a counterweight for our position in Texas and we’ve got this northeast but we need more in PJM, that was the one compelling strategic need we had on the generation side, and let’s face it – that was satisfied by the GenOn transaction. So I think it’s a more opportunistic approach on the wholesale side. On the retail side, clearly we have a fantastic market leading position in Texas. It could always be better. We’re interested in more retail in the northeast, but in the northeast it’s sort of market to market, and some markets are good, some are less good. So we look at everything and we’ll see what happens over the next six months.
David Crane: Okay, thank you Steven, and thank you all for hanging in there with us through whatever troubles there were with the phone and for an hour and 10 minutes, and we’ll try and be more succinct next time. So Grant, I think that’s it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey Jon, good morning. As you can see on our hedge table, for 2014 around our (indiscernible) portfolio, we’re pretty hedged. Where we have maintained the length has been around our gas portfolio and that, as you can appreciate for competitive reasons, we don’t disclose particularly as we go into the summer. But what I will tell you is we are evaluating the open position that we have relative to last year. From a fundamental standpoint, it was tighter last year. We’re seeing some plants coming online this year, and we’re taking that into consideration. Now keep in mind that we also have some positive developments. One is the increasing price (audio interference) to 7000 and then the second one is the implementation of ORDC, which would improve potential scarcity pricing. So you know, we’re balancing both the fundamental view that we have and some of the market changes, so of course it always influences our view but I would say—you know, that’s what I would give you in terms of color on how we’re approaching (indiscernible).
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning Angie. So look, year-over-year South Central was affected by lower spark spreads, and I don’t think you can—as we go into MISO, and that integration just happened at the end of the year, we’re still waiting to see how that market will develop and some of the initial pricing has been somewhat positive. But just looking at 2013, you saw in our compression of spark spreads, we didn’t have sustained weather so that affected the profitability of the business. That’s pretty much it.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No, I think—Neil, our view is that we’ve seen over the past three years low growth, weather-normalized close to 2%. We have seen the revised new load forecasting methodology coming out of Ercot, and I think it has it around 1.3%. We disagree with that assessment. I have not seen the new CDR since I’ve been sitting I’ve been sitting here, but what I would tell you is we’re going to look at some of the other assumptions that they have embedded in their 1.3% load forecast and the variables on the CDR, particularly around energy efficiency to make sure that there is no double counting. You know, we’ll go through that in the next couple of hours, but what I will tell you is we continue to see very robust demand not only Ercot as a whole but speaking with Elizabeth and her team at retail. We don’t see the economy as slowing at all.
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Jon. Well first of all, as you’ll read later as we file our 10-K, there are a number of distribution tests within the GenOn (indiscernible), most notably there are three. There’s one at GenOn which is exactly what you’re used to seeing in our unsecured notes, which is the distribution test at 5.75 times corporate debt to corporate EBITDA, and then both GenOn and REMA have fixed charge coverage ratios. GenOn’s ratio is a trailing ratio. We were kind of right on top of that, slightly over it as of the end of the year. GENMA and REMA are slightly below their fixed charge coverage ratio test, and importantly those tests are both backward looking on a 12-month basis and forward looking. So currently, the cash that I went through on the liquidity slide is subjected to those various tests, but given that we reserve a certain amount of cash for liquidity needs within the complex and there is an ample amount of cash within that, we’re comfortable in the current environment; and while certainly one could prognosticate about what the future impact might hold in terms of where the commodity price environment is, et cetera, from my perspective you look no further than the unusual events especially that occurred in the northeast, where a lot of those plants are located, and how some of the upside can change the fortunes especially from a cash and liquidity standpoint. So currently we’re quite comfortable with the liquidity levels across the complex, and there are various means at our disposal to manage around that, most notably as I indicated in my remarks, we’ve got that inter-company credit facility between NRG and GenOn to help support the liquidity needs moving forward. But as I said, there is ample liquidity currently there today.
Kirk Andrews: Angie, it’s Kirk. First of all, in terms of the value linkage, the only thing I would say is prescriptively in terms of our long term goals is my remarks about the dividend. In terms of the specific proceeds from NRG Yield drop-downs, we look at that as just capital replenishment, and we would deploy that capital towards the opportunities as we see them across the three categories as we typically describe them. I made a couple of remarks about the impact on drop-downs on our credit ratios, which of course we take that into consideration as to what, if any, portion of those proceeds would go towards maintaining those target ratios, and then we approach the remaining capital, which would be the substantial portion of that from any drop-down as we would any capital allocation decision between NRG and NRG Yield.  But certainly we’re mindful of the fact that the cash proceeds are easier for the market to grasp in value than is our stake in NRG Yield, but our focus is certainly in driving the success of that moving forward in part to help resonate the fact that NRG Yield as we expected to do, most notably because of some of the opportunities that John Chillemi mentioned. That is really an enabling factor to allow us to drive our success and be more competitive in realizing the benefits of the opportunities that present to us in our markets for redevelopment, which is largely going to be on a contracted basis.
Kirk Andrews: Sure. On a consolidated basis, that’s true; however, in terms of our credit ratios, especially under our indentures there’s a very important corporate debt to corporate EBITDA ratios, the debt which is all non-recourse at those excluded project subsidiaries that make up all of the assets, both in NRG Yield as well as the assets in ROFO pipeline, that doesn’t count towards that particular ratio, i.e. the numerator of that ratio. However, as I indicated in my remarks, the one thing we do benefit from in those excluded project subs in terms of the denominator, that is the corporate EBITDA, is the distributions that we get from those subsidiaries. So when we move an asset into NRG Yield, it does not affect our corporate debt, i.e. the numerator; it does reduce the corporate EBITDA by the amount of those distributions, the denominator.
