Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you Kirk, and to close on slide 16, you have our 2016 score card. And we have made significant progress across all the goals that we set for the organization. We have delivered on our operation and financial objectives, we have significantly reduced our debt profile, we have taken steps to reinvigorate capital replenishment through our strategic partnership with NRG Yield, and we continue to look for ways to streamline our organization.  As I look at this score card, I want to commend the entire team for their efforts in strengthening our business. On our next call, I will outline my 2017 objectives, but for now, I will like to quickly touch upon a very important priority, GenOn. Both NRG and GenOn continued to be focused on a comprehensive strategy that maximizes value for all stakeholders. As we are at the initial stages of evaluating available options, it’s too early to provide any more specificity. But please know that we will update the market as appropriate.  With that, operator, we’re ready to open the lines for questions. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: As you mentioned, we’re evaluating all options. I think what I will try to do in this call since our capital allocation plan will be provided to all of you in our next earnings call is our current thinking and we’re evaluating all options, just like I did at the beginning of this year in terms of our priorities and how we see the market and the economics of our portfolio.  You know we’re going to do the same, so we’re evaluating not only share buybacks, the dividend policy and I think the special dividends, but at this point what I will tell you is, as I think about it, I am comfortable with the dividend policy that we are - where we are today in terms of the cyclicality nature of our industry. And when I look at the share buybacks and the free cash flow particularly at these current prices, I’ll have to take that in to account.  So Greg in the next couple of months we’re going continue accessing the market, we’re going to see our current stock price, we’re going to see our leverage ratios which as Kirk indicated is right on target with our guidance that we have provided and that we feel comfortable. And we’ll finalize it in a couple of months. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: i think that’s a good observation, because as I have said in the past, we have been very successful in diversifying our business and the way I characterize it is, two-thirds of our gross margin comes from stable sources, whether that is contracted assets, retail or capacity payments or our interest in yield. Absolutely we factor that in in terms of our approach on returning capital to shareholders, whether it is a dividend or whether it is in the form of share buyback.  So, rest assured that that is not lost on me, and as we’re thinking about the capital allocation plan for 2017, we take that in to account. But I also have to access as well the current state of our stock price and take that in to consideration as a barometer for all other investments that we have in the company.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Steve we have said it in the past and it’s our belief that that would be the case. So at this point I don’t any reason to provide any other indication to all of you. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: So Julien, let me just start with the returns that we’re seeing, and I gave some indication on the slide. We’re looking at current operational assets particularly the utility scale mid-teens kind of yield, that’s what we’re targeting. Clearly on the [DG] side, those reclaims are in a slightly higher yield spend nature of the markets.  With respect to the capital allocation, one thing that is important to recognize is that these capital allocation has a high velocity of replenishment. That’s why it’s so important and so strategic the partnership and strengthening in our yield, because all these renewable assets that are on their long term contracts are yield eligible for drop downs, which allows us to replenish the capital very quickly and at the same time achieve very attractive returns.  Kirk, is there anymore specificity in terms 2017? I think Julien wanted to get - Julien if I am not mistaken, do you wanted to get even more specificity than that? Because I think it’s important to - I mean the key characteristic here is a rapid replenishment of capital. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: But Julien if I can just - because I get this question almost every year, the stability of retail margins. And I think this is the seventh year of ownership and we have delivered consistently. And not only delivered the retail margins but growing it. So I’m hopeful that we have earned your trust that this is a stable business and that we have the formula to continue having these margins for the foreseeable future. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah, I think that’s a fair representation Angie. If you look at just the commodity prices in 2017 and the dynamics in terms of capacity revenues and energy margins and where natural gas is today and the roll up of hedges, I believe 2017 to be the low point. 
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, I’ll let Craig take on that. Craig the pipeline the 1.2, just some general characterization of that.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you. And appreciate very much your interest in NRG and with that we conclude the earnings call. Thank you. 
Kirkland Andrews: Just to clarify Steve, it’s Kirk. That is correct but the only place that that would really manifest itself in guidance is within that NRG level free cash flow, because obviously that’s eliminated in consolidation otherwise. 
Kirkland Andrews: Julien, this is Kirk. Couple of things to know about, obviously we’ve layered in or added the capital allocated in 2016 relative to the SunEd acquisition that we announced. And this true of SunEd and not when you have SunEd, but a lot of the other projects that we look and evaluate all the time in the pipeline.  Certainly the long term contracted nature of this project lends itself to significant levels of their capacity. In some cases the existing project level debt, like was the case in fact with CVSR which is what helped facilitate the capital return through sort of a two-pronged effect that was optimizing the leverage on the one hand and increasing that which gave proceeds back to NRG, and ultimately dropping that asset down the yield.  We’re basically able to mirror that same approach by taking advantage of the significant debt capacity first which certainly reduces the amount of equity capital and that’s really what we refer to when we talk about capital allocated to renewables.  As Mauricio says, because that’s relatively low capital intensity given the high degree of leverage capacity, so fine with the fact that we’re going to have line of sight of a healthy and robust [CASD] yield, it gives us good line of sight that we can continue our relationship with NRG yield, we compensated for taken up development and construction risk and still provide yield and opportunity for an acquisition, providing us that premium income to compensate us for the risk and still delivering accretion to yields. So that’s really overall how we think about the ongoing model. Not only is it a high velocity return, it is relatively low capital intensity because NRG’s capital allocated is simply to the equity side of that equation. 
Kirkland Andrews: Angie, we came in to - this as much a year-over-year impact if anything else. We came in to 2016 with a significant surplus of coal inventory. It gave us the opportunity to right-size that coal and as you know as we burn what was on that pile a little bit more disproportionately than in years past because of that high level of inventory. And as we move in to 2017 that’s just a little bit of the natural rebuilding or recalibrating towards that.  I would say that I can’t give you the number off the top of my head, but I think that’s probably a little bit of a high watermark. I wouldn’t say we return to just double-digit usage of working capital, but certainly over 200 million is a little bit of a high watermark in terms of the outlook, right. We’re recalibrating the inventories there and some of that coal burn it’s a (inaudible). We had at least one plan or a couple plans in our portfolio where we were in the process of transitioning from coal to gas and burning through that. So a lot of that is why that is exacerbated in sort of the year-over-year change in working capital. 
Kirkland Andrews: Yeah, but that’s not as such the deactivation charge in the context of working capital. What I’m saying is, in 2016 a lot of the positive benefits from working capital is just that we literally took the coal powers down at those plants we are converting to gas, basically down to zero during that period of time.  So that really speaks to the year-over-year variance, not specifically to the working capital we use that you see in 2017. That’s the only distinction I was drawing there. 
Elizabeth Killinger: Sure, thanks for the question. I would say our retail has extraordinarily strong momentum that’s really underpinned by our scalable platform and the strength that we have in supply and risk management. And we’ve demonstrated year-over-year the ability to grow in both customer account and earnings. We are talking about 20,000 to 30,000 to over a 100,000 customers a year organically in addition to some of the acquisitions that we’ve done over the years.  We also have a distinct approach in the market. We have a more diversified business than many of the competitors. We have multiple, very strong brands that focus on a particular customer segment. We have a variety of products, so customers can buy more than one recurring product or service from us and we also have strength both in Texas and the east. So overall with that momentum and ability to focus on the customer, have strong renewals and strong acquisition performance, I feel like we’re well positioned to compete in the market place as we have done so successfully for a number of years.
Elizabeth Killinger: Yeah, the only thing I would add is, we have continuous improvement mindset in retail as we do with all of our for NRG efforts across the company, and so some of the improvements that we experienced this year are in cost efficiencies and we definitely carry those forward. And so that combined with our expertise in managing margins and growing customer account any will best have confidence that will continue to be able to deliver at that high level of EBITDA and cash flow performance. 
Elizabeth Killinger: No, it’s both. I mean so far year-to-date we’ve grown a net of 40,000 customers with over 70,000 of those being in Texas, and we are striving to always balance EBITDA and customer account. But when we see that kind of growth year-over-year that does contribute to our earnings as well.
