David Whipple Crane: Thank you, Kirk. And if we turn to our closing slide, which is slide 20, we end by quantifying a point previously made, which is that NRG's financial results in 2016 are not nearly as exposed to fluctuating gas prices as the market seems to be suggesting. We have successfully mitigated the downward exposure of falling natural gas prices through our hedging program and through our asset diversification. In the ultra-low commodity price environment that currently grips our market, this strategy is what has enabled us today to guide to a healthy adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow level for 2016, and which, together with the substantially increased capital flexibility arising out of the steps listed on the right side of this page, should enable us to implement a substantial capital allocation program over the months ahead. Our goal in all this is to make NRG a simpler, less leveraged company over the duration of the Reset program. NRG is not just an IPP. As we have demonstrated on this call, NRG's unique advantage is that our balanced wholesale-retail business mitigates the financial impact of low energy commodity prices, which enables us to profitably serve our retail customers with a growing mix of products and services. This is essential during the current low commodity price cycle, when the value pendulum in the sector clearly has swung to serving the end-use energy customer. As I said, this wholesale-retail balance is NRG's unique advantage, and all of us at NRG are excited about the opportunities we have in front of us to maximize the value of this advantage for the benefit of NRG shareholders. And with that, Liz, we are happy to take people's questions.
David Whipple Crane: Well, let me start by answering the last part of that question, and then Chris Moser's going to answer your coal question, and Elizabeth, as soon as Chris finishes, you answer the question about competitive dynamics in retail. But I would say, Stephen, given the market's reception to us getting into distributor – so I don't think that's going to encourage other IPPs to get into that area. But, so – but in terms of the other IPPs getting into retail, which is something that I've sort of been expecting for a long time, maybe Elizabeth can talk about that in terms of the context of competitive dynamics. But – but Chris, why don't you start with talking about the coal dynamics, and Elizabeth, you take over from Chris.
David Whipple Crane: Well, Steve, I just, I guess my reaction on your people going into solar, response a little flippant about IPPs; what I think – and look, no one can predict the future, but I think the period ahead in home solar is going to be focused on consolidation around what I think is going to emerge as the four main players, the Solar Cities, the Vivints, the Sunruns, and ourselves. I don't expect another IPP to come into that space anytime soon, but I would actually be surprised, since – and, I'm – I subscribe to the view that home solar is a mortal threat to the utility business model. I would be surprised if, within the next 18 to 24 months, some big utility doesn't try and buy their way into this space, but that's just my speculation.
David Whipple Crane: Well, no – well, I didn't say it in my prepared remarks, just for accuracy's sake. I would not say that that's the main body of – I mean, if you – I guess Jonathan, what I would say in simpler terms, if you divided the people that are interested – or if you categorized the people interested in GreenCo into financial partners and strategic partners, there are significantly more financial partners than there are potential strategic partners.
David Whipple Crane: I think what you should take away is that, through the preliminary phase, we got a significant amount of encouragement on that, but I think what you should really take away is the point that was made in the prepared remarks, that first and foremost it's value that we're looking for so. So, again, it's – I'm just commenting, I mean, people have not put numbers down on a piece of paper. So there's a significant amount of flexibility that remains around the GreenCo process, and we won't – I don't want to give any sort of final answer until we see numbers on paper, and then we might modify accordingly, but definitely in the non-quantified stage, there is a lot of encouragement around that structure.
David Whipple Crane: Well, I mean, I don't remember if we said it in our prepared remarks on September 17, but I think we did, which was that, we thought the whole process would be concluded within six months to nine months, and I continue to be highly confident in that timeframe. I mean, I know that some questions have happened, would be able to give people sort of more of an update by the end of the year. And I just can't make a call on that, because usually right when you're in the middle – I mean, we will clearly know more by the end of the year, but whether we share with you – usually you don't talk about things when you're in the middle of an active discussion. So I can't really help you, other than say, Jonathan, we're confident that it'll all be done within the original six month to nine month timeframe.
David Whipple Crane: Liz, I'm sorry, and I'm sorry for the people who want to continue to get in the queue, but we – since we have an NRG Yield call in a relatively few minutes, we're going to take one more question, and then for the others in the queue, again, I'm sorry, and please call in and we'll answer any questions that you have.
David Whipple Crane: Neel, it's a good question. I'm glad you asked it, because I mean, I would say within the prioritization of time, within the, all the various initiatives that make up the Reset, our immediate focus, and something that's taken an enormous amount of time of management team and across the organization, has been cost-cutting. And that's precisely so that we could give you the answer I'm about to give you, which is we're – we're working so hard so quickly, because we want full year 2016 effect, both with respect to the G&A cost program, which internally goes under the name DOP, for doing our part, and then on the O&M cost saving portion. And Mauricio, do you have anything to add to that or...
David Whipple Crane: I don't think so. Yes. Anyway, Neel, did you have any follow-up question, and then we'll call it a day, Liz.
David Whipple Crane: And I just want to thank everyone for participating, and we'll keep you updated in the weeks and months to come. Thank you.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Sure, Dan. It's Kirk. I'll take that in reverse order. The $1.6 billion is really a consolidated look at uplift in capital for allocation. As you know, in particular, $500 million of that is what is part of the NRG Reset in asset sales, and depending on the mix of those asset sales – some of which we expect to be at the GenOn level, because we're focused on the Northeast – that, more than anything else, would govern the proportion of the allocation of capital toward debt reduction at GenOn versus NRG. As to the targeted metric, we continue to target, as I'd said, 4.25 times corporate debt to corporate EBITDA. We also focused on FFO to debt, keeping that number below the – at or below the high-teens level. And I'd say that the tertiary component of that is, we look to stay around 50% debt-to-capital, though that is a book ratio. Certainly something that we focused on, the rating agencies focused on, but I think it's probably certainly tertiary to those first two. And so – and part of the reason why we focused on that 4.25 is, as I said, it comports with what, based on our ongoing conversations with the rating agencies, support those BB credit metrics. It also gives us a significant cushion against the thresholds in our credit facility, above which we're no longer permitted to pay dividends or buy back stock. So we've got a significant cushion there, and obviously even further cushioned below the default ratio. So those are the reasons that go into those target metrics.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Well, to answer the first part of that question, in terms of committed growth capital, as I think we've laid out, as we move into 2016, what we're seeing in terms of the growth capital on a consolidated basis is primarily the completion of the GenOn repowerings, as well as the – and beyond 2017, the beginning of the capital allocated to our Carlsbad and Mandalay projects, and the balance of that capital in 2016 and a little bit further into 2017 is just, A, the remainder of the Carbon 360 project, which has about $150 million of capital left to go in about equal parts between 2016 and 2017, and the eVgo California settlement, which in both 2016 and 2017 is at or about $20 million in each year. That is really the bulk; that is all of the remaining growth capital that we have or expect to allocate at this point. As to the allocation of capital toward the balance sheet and your comment about share repurchases, what I would say is, as I'd mentioned, we're continuing to focus on finding opportunities to return capital to shareholders. Certainly our dividend is something we're committed to, and certainly we look to supplement that with share repurchases, but at the present time we are going to focus in swinging the pendulum towards the debt side of the balance sheet. In particular to leave no doubt, and to ensure not only that ratio is improved in 2016, but we are confident in our ability to maintain that ratio through 2017. I think that more than anything else will determine our focus in the near term on debt reduction, and ultimately arriving at that ratio through that debt reduction will govern the proportion of our capital allocation which would later go to share repurchases.
Kirkland B. Andrews: I think the way you've categorized that, Greg, is right, although certainly we – as I've said, we're focused near-term in allocating that capital towards debt reduction. So I'd be hesitant to say prescriptively all of it, but for right now that's certainly where we are definitely focused. And the way you describe that in terms of the geography, yes, $100 million of that CapEx savings all resides at GenOn. The $250 million in the non-recourse financing we expect to be at the NRG level, offsetting what would otherwise be NRG capital allocation or CapEx towards the completion of that environmental spend at Midwest Gen. And then the asset sales, depending on the outcome, will be a blend in terms of proceeds between NRG and GenOn. So the way you summarized that is accurate, yes.
Kirkland B. Andrews: Which is – and as I said, that does not include, at least in that calculation, any anticipated proceeds from the GreenCo process or further NRG Yield drop downs, which would obviously supplement that $350 million.
Kirkland B. Andrews: That's right. You'd add back that roughly $200 million to get to that sort of asset-level performance as you said, correct.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Hey, good morning, Julien. So, I mean, the first one is the operating expenses. And I would – I mean, I listed some of the main drivers of that, but I will say the first gives you the impact of the decisions, the asset optimization decisions that we made at Portland, the suspension of Portland and the retirement of Huntley. The second one is, we've gone through a line-by-line review of every single asset, particularly those that are in more challenging market conditions, and we have right-sized the cost structure to comport with those market dynamics. And then the third one is, as we have a portfolio of close to 50,000 megawatts, allow us to optimize the management of forced outage risk, and what I call the contingency money that we know we're going to have to spend, we just don't know where. So if you have a single asset you have to budget for the forced outage, the probability of forced outage. But when you have 50,000 megawatts, then you can optimize across the entire portfolio. So that is the step one. Step two is the FORNRG portfolio, and this is a target. You're familiar with the FORNRG, because we show the fourth iteration of this. We are looking at, company-wide, how can we do the things are we're doing today, better in a more cost effective way. So think of this as contract renegotiations, rail renegotiations, property tax renegotiations. So, I mean it is the host of things that we can do, that is very difficult to pinpoint today, but we've been very effective and we've been very successful in achieving, in the past, these cost savings, which they will flow directly to the bottom line.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I will take the first one, David. So, I think you are alluding to – I don't know what particular asset you are saying, but what I can tell you, Julien is I think we've demonstrated financial discipline when we have an asset that, number one, is in negative free cash flow; number two, the prospects of a recovery in that market are such that we cannot justify the continuing operation of that plant; and then number three, which I think is significantly important in Texas, is the prospect in terms of additional environmental CapEx to comply with upcoming rules. We will evaluate, and if needed retire, just like we did in Huntley. What I can tell you is that we're not in such conditions right now in Texas. I have said in the past that our coal portfolio is a low cost, environmentally controlled portfolio, and I would expect that coal plants that actually have a much dire forecast in terms of environmental CapEx, we'll have to make that decision before – so I'll just leave it at that, but make no mistake, I mean, we will continue with the financial discipline that we have shown over the years.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yeah, Neel. So, I mean I think the statistics that we're providing on the third quarter were pretty representative of the – how competitive those two assets are. I mean, we increased our generation in Texas for our baseload fleet, that includes nuclear and coal. As we go into the shorter months, we always see a reduction in capacity factors, but that's just normal seasonality. I can't tell you that we're seeing an increasing coal to gas switching that we haven't seen in previous months, so.
