Dale Gerard: Yes, Paul, thanks for joining the call. I think we're actually monitoring the markets to capital markets, and we wanted to get the quarter results now. We think they're strong. We think they're helpful in terms of whatever we decide to do. But we're actually monitoring, and when we're ready, we'll come out to the markets.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So again, Paul, I think -- and we talked about this a couple of -- over the last couple of calls. We purposely are bringing it down kind of the average subscription monthly, right, because we're charging more upfront. When you look at the overall out-of-pocket to our customer, it's actually increased year-over-year in terms of the total dollars related to the amount they pay for the financing piece, which goes to the financing partner into what they're paying us. And so what we've done is shifted a little bit of what they were paying us in terms of that subscription amount each month to pay the financing partner. But we're able to actually bring more cash in upfront, which is why we're producing the level of cash we are in terms of cash from operations. So that's really the driver behind that.
Dale Gerard: And then we're booked on the service cost fall. Again, we're cautious. We think that there's still calls in terms of truck rolls, and calls coming our call centers are still down somewhat compared to what we think would be a normal trend. And so we do expect, at some point those, calls will come back. But we think there's a big part of this, is where our new hardware, our software is performing better, and thus, that's also a big driver in terms of this. But we're very excited about where that service cost is on a subscriber basis and working very hard to keep it low as possible but -- and still maintain a very, very high-quality customer experience.
Dale Gerard: Yes. I think, again, we're raising the subscriber targets based upon the fact that attrition is running much better than we had in our forecast. So our revenue guidance, the ranges, are we feeling comfortable?  One, the number of subscribers increasing doesn't impact -- I mean because we've got a pretty good-sized range there and we're given in terms of $1 billion range. We're within that range even if the subscribers are 20,000 or 30,000 or 40,000 more subscribers. So we feel very comfortable.  I mean if you go back, our revenue because this is the recurring revenue, we know going in, even starting to go into next year, we have a really good line of sight into what the revenue number will be. It's a little bit of moving around subscribers in terms of [indiscernible]. I think the other thing is we feel more comfortable today where we sit here in the first week of November than we did before in terms of the subscriber number, knowing how the metrics are working, how attrition has performed into a quarter plus or a quarter or so into the fourth quarter. So that's the reason why we made that guidance change.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So I think we believe that, again, we've been very focused on this. If you go back 24 months when servicing cost was, call it, high $18 range, $17 range, and this is the benefit of having this fully-integrated model where we own the software, we own the product, we own the hardware, we do the sales, we do the installation, all of that feedback loop that we have, the cost of feedback loop that we have allows us to know, hey, what are the issues. And as we said, one of the big issues and one of the big products that people want in their homes is video, it's cameras. Whether it's indoor camera, outdoor cameras, doorbell cameras, as Todd said earlier, there's lots of uses for the video.  And we knew that with some of the connectivity issues were a big part of that, which were driving up calls into our call centers, which were driving calls in related to driving us to have to roll trucks up to people's homes. Those are expensive, and you have to actually roll -- go out to people's homes and fix those issues. So we believe by rolling out some of the new products -- we rolled out some new camera products, new doorbell camera.  We've rolled out a new hub. We've upgraded the firmware and software associated with that, those products that service, and we've done a lot of work around the technology that we have from our tools when we're installing stuff around, hey, what's the Wi-Fi connectivity in this part of the house or this part of being outside on the start corner of the home and making sure that where we're installing equipment and hardware in those homes that it works and that there is Wi-Fi connectivity, and then we make sure it all works together before we're leaving. And so what I think you're seeing is there's a structural move but the lower -- and in terms of servicing cost will be lower. I'm not -- I can't tell you on the call today how much of that is, but we believe that there's definitely that movement because we're seeing less calls coming in.  And then we do know, too, because, again, the feedback loop we have, because we have to own this whole thing, is that we do know the type of calls are coming in, what those -- what are those issues. And we can go actually go work on those issues, whether they're, again, updates to the firmware, software, things of how we're installing the product in folks' home. So we think that's a big part of it.  Again, there's some part of it that's COVID-related. But fundamentally, we believe that we have this product and our services that we really are starting to fine-tune in terms of the cost to service those related to, again, calls coming in related to issues with the products. And again, a lot of that was around video, which we spent a lot of time and efforts to correct. Because ultimately -- and I think this also steps to the attrition that we talked about on an earlier question. If you get on your phone or you pull it up on your computer, however you're accessing the payment system and the cameras aren't on online or they're going offline, you're not going to be happy with the system versus today, you get on and the system works, the cameras are out there. You can go quickly to look at the events or you can pull it. It comes up and says someone's at your front door delivering a package. It works very well. It's seamless, your experience, that's going to drive customers to stay longer onto the platform.
Dale Gerard: Sure. And I'll start here and then, Todd, you can jump in if I don't cover anything. I think I'm going to start in reverse order. I'm going to take your second question first, and then that drives into the first question. I think in terms of the pricing model that we have -- and we're always looking at this pricing model, by the way, and I think you'll see us make tweaks to it as we roll into '21. We're always -- as Todd said, we test a lot of things. So we tweak things, and we keep tweaking until we find the optimal. But I think in terms of the acceptance from customers, I mean we grew subscriber 14% in the third quarter. Year-over-year, we continue to add new subscribers.  And I think one of the things I'd say is inside sales is where you're getting leads coming from the Internet. So customers are going out on the Internet, for example, maybe they're searching for smart home, smart security, security. And they're going to see other people's offers out there, by the way, as they're doing that. And that channel is growing. I think it grew 32% in the quarter.  So we think customers understand it. They like the transparency of it, by the way. They like to know, hey, this is what I'm paying for the equipment that's going home. I can -- this is the equipment that I want to buy. It's not that, hey, you're getting stuck with the package of things that you don't really want in your home, whether it's sensors or whatever. They're picking exactly what they want, as Todd mentioned earlier. They're taking more equipment today than they've taken in past, and they're taking smart home equipment. It's not just a sensor here and a door or a window, it's outdoor cameras, it's the doorbell cameras, it's door locks, it's response servers. It's really those things that help them have better management of their home, and so that's -- we think it's been received very well in terms of the customers taking that from both of our channels.  In terms of the drop in net SAC, and we've kind of hinted to this on the last quarterly call, there's a couple of things going on here. One, we've reduced RICs substantially. If you go back to last year in the third, I think it's down 89% year-over-year in the quarter. And so if you recall, RICs are customers that we were basically financing and putting on our balance sheet, so we got no money upfront from those customers. Versus today, basically, 99% of the customers that we put on today, we're collecting money upfront either. They're -- it's coming from them financing through one of our financing partners, or they're just paying for it out of their own bank account. So that's fundamentally changing the amount of money that we're collecting upfront in terms of those customers.  And what you're seeing is, again, this is an LTM calculation. So what you had when we dropped from 9 -- I think it was about 950 in the first quarter to 630 in the second quarter. Now we're down to in the 208, 209 range this quarter because we're having those quarters that have higher RIC percentages that are falling off as we recalculate this out. So it's fundamentally changed the business. It's really driving the cash production is coming into this. We think it was something that we needed to do, and it's really changed, and frankly, allowing us to do some of this investment Todd's talking about in terms of brand and marketing and some of the other things we want to go do here.  In terms of how that looks, again, we'll tweak things. But I think, again, you'll have another quarter in the fourth quarter that as we kind of report out here in the next -- when we report fourth quarter, they have, call it, 8% to 12% RICs in that quarter, and those will fall off. And if you can kind of go do your math there, but if we have 1% RICs again, that number is probably going to continue on coming...
Dale Gerard: And I just want to make sure in terms of the question -- I mean we think attrition, again, we've seen really, really positive signs of attrition in terms of the number of folks that were canceling that were at their initial in the term. That's been much lower than we had forecasted.  Our payment indicators in terms of payments coming in from customers performed really well. So we're seeing really good performance of the portfolio. I think as we look to the rest of this year -- and again, there is COVID. There's cases spike in all across the country, and we can't -- we don't know how that's going to actually impact or if it will impact our customer base.  I think if we looked at this year where I'm comfortable saying it is we're somewhere probably in the a 12.5% to 13% is where we'll end attrition for this year, so kind of in the range we are right now. That's where I think we'll end this full year. And then once we get a better indication of how things look going into next year, will give us an indication of what we think for 2021.  But I think we believe that our -- that the big fundamental change in how our service is performing, how we're delivering that service and the products that we're providing to the customers and the fact that even though they're home, Todd mentioned this earlier, there's just that reconnection that remodeling of their home, upgrading their home, adding the service to their home is something that they're doing and they want that in their home, and so we believe those customers will stay on the Vivint platform for a longer period of time.
Dale Gerard: Yes. No, I don't -- we don't believe -- again, I'll just kind of give you the range, I think, for the end of this year. We don't -- and we'll give you next year. But we don't believe that 14.5% to 15% is it's -- you could take that off the table, I guess, is the best way to say it. We think we're somewhere again in this 12.5% to 13% range this year. And then we'll see what happens next year. Again, if things continue to perform as they are today, it's been -- we're going to be in that 13-ish range. But we don't think that we're going to see this spike back up to kind of that 14% -- north of 14- ish, 15% range.
Todd Pedersen: And to add to that, this is Todd, Paul, the $209 subscriber acquisition costs is a direct result of that. So this -- we couldn't be happier about that. But it does -- if you don't understand it, we appreciate the question, but it does look like revenue per subs is coming down, but it's actually not. We're selling more hardware than we've ever sold at a high-margin upfront. And so the business is working very, very well.
Todd Pedersen: So we are -- so we are still very pleased with the way insurance is going. Again, we're not announcing numbers yet. We're being very patient about how quickly we launched that product, how we partner, how we position ourselves to our consumers. But I can say this, we believe we've got an incredible advantage because of the view we have into the data that is delivered through our smart home platform that is proprietary to pivot.  And I say this with everything. This is going to be a huge advantage for our customers because they have a Vivint product and they believe in our services, not just smart home technologies, but services that we have and are going to be delivering. They're going to be the recipients of the benefit of that. So we're really excited.  And again, maybe at some point next year, we start talking about the numbers and the relevance to the future of the business, but committed to it and continue to test and expand that product and service.
Todd Pedersen: So this is -- attrition is an interesting thing. There's no one like silver bullet in attrition. It's a lot of little points of interaction with customers that determines their life cycle with us [indiscernible].  We've continued to improve. And again, this is really, really important. This is the differentiator with Vivint than everyone else. We create our own customers from a sales perspective. We professionally install the hardware that our engineers have designed and have written the software and the firmware for. We own our platform. It's this incredible cycle that -- and it's this feedback move that no one else has at this point. Others are trying to recreate our partnership to recreate that. But it's all -- it's lots of little points of contact and knowledge that we have to improve reliability of the product. It's how we answer calls, it's how we do installs, installation protocol, service protocols. And then this is just maybe not obvious, but it's obvious to us because we've been through a few downturns.  Our product and services, when I'm talking about smart security generally, has done very, very well through every downturn, at least I've run the company through. So the last downturn, we shared very well. And I think in general, if you think about the burglar alarm security industry, they've done well also as far as attrition goes. I mean I think people historically, when those things happen, they want to protect their largest investment, which is typically their home, their families, the assets inside of those. We provide that.  And then with this current environment of COVID, and people working from home, there's this incredible reconnection with the home, investment and kind of thought process around how people live and operate in their home, how they engage with -- and they're engaging with food delivery, grocery delivery, package delivery, increased demand for all of those services and how we integrate with that for consumer, making them safe and comfortable and giving them the knowledge that they wouldn't have without our services. There's all kinds of things that are benefiting our company today, and we're happy to do that because this environment is a little scary sometimes for people, and this provides nice peace of mind with smart security.  And here -- the great thing is, well, one, I hope things calm down on all fronts for everyone worldwide and our country. The -- I think that the engagement with our product and services and app on an individual consumer basis, has been incredible, and it's going to be remembered by our consumers.  And then again, I think you layer on with that, the fact that we are now starting at branding and advertising campaign really describing who we are, what we do, how we're differentiated and the value proposition that we deliver, we think we've got some good wind behind our backs.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So we haven't tested the type of branding and advertising that we're going to do. But as you all know, we do -- we have an inside sales group that's about half of our -- half of the consumer adds on our customer base annually.  So we do spend money on branding and advertising. It's more lead-gen type advertising. So this is going to be slightly different. We're branding style. So we have not yet done it, and that's why we're not going in full force. We're going to test in but on a national basis. And from a dollar spent on branding, it's much more expensive to be -- to go into a city or region than on a national basis on a spend. So that's what we're going nationally, not just on a local basis.
Todd Pedersen: So the answer is it's sustainable. So I think we've kind of danced around this for a few quarters. Our business model is working the way it's working. We've said it was going to come down from 1,000. And we've not pinned a number, but we are very close to cash flow breakeven upfront when we create a customer. I'll just say it. We don't have to dance around or think about in the future. Anyone on the call, it's now public. So which is an incredible dynamic for our business compared to anyone on the call that listen to us, to our earnings call back when we were a consumer of debt. It was $2,200 -- our gross acquisition cost was -- gross and net was $2,200 subscriber acquisition costs.  So this is an incredible turnaround, and you're seeing the cash dynamics for the business, which also is because of the reduction in service costs, which is also because of the reduction in overhead. If you look at our overhead numbers compared to the past years, we've been incredibly focused on being a very lean company spending where we need to reinvest in what we think we're going to get growth, better technologies, better software, better firm work, better service delivery. So we've been busy in the last couple of years, and we're finally seeing those results. And again, back to the -- how do we grow the business more, continue to enhance products and service -- products and services to consumers wanting demand and then really go tell our story.  Someone's going to probably ask, I'm surprised no has, who's your competition. Our competition right now is a lack of awareness of business. We did -- we have an incredible business, north of $1 billion of revenue, incredible margins, great service delivery, and nobody knows who we are. Not nobody, but it's -- I mean it's single-digit consumer awareness of our brand.  When people really do understand how incredible it is, what we can do inside of their home and interact and engage with the way they're now living their lives and the value prop that we deliver, we're going to -- we believe we're going to catch some wind from that perspective. And so we're -- and again, it's going to take time. It's not going to be overnight, but we're obviously patient and committed. So we have -- we're excited about what's ahead of us.
Todd Pedersen: Well, I'm going to talk first about the competition just because I said something and you asked the question anyway. We're always paying attention to what other people are doing out there. There's no question about it, we'd be crazy not to.  But this is a tough business. I mean -- and I'm not talking about the single point solution stuff like a doorbell camera or an Arlo camera on the exterior of the house. These are fully-integrated smart home systems on a very intelligent platform, 14 devices installed in a home. And so to do that, you've got to have a very capable installation network, which we happen to own our own, our employees. And then the ability to -- and we've talked about this quite a bit today. Kind of own that whole interaction with customer from the sale process to the installation, the ongoing support, either technical support over the phone or if needs be driving a truck out there if that has to happen to deliver what we say we're going to deliver. So we have not yet seen someone else step up to the level that we're doing this.  People have parts of what we have by way of nice camera design or a nice doorbell or nice thermostat. But we've got an incredible moat because of -- and this is 20 years in the making, incredible moat. To recreate what we've done is not easy. I'm not saying it can't be done, but very difficult to do.  And speaking to Google, I mean they did invest in ADT. And I think the partnership, which we're super happy. It kind of validates -- we believe it's not just sort of it really validates their beliefs and the need for this infrastructure to be in people's homes, beyond the phone, answer calls, install professionally these new technologies that are coming. But you did -- if you've noticed anything, Google also did in their Google Nest security product. So it's even for a Google expense, I think they spend a lot of money. I don't know the number, but it's a lot. I see their ads all the time. It's not easy. People don't just buy this off-the-shelf and just understand how to install it themselves. It's not that easy.  And then there is the DIY component of this industry, which we have that capability. We're testing that. We just happen to like to have really high margins, which we do; and a very long customer relationship, which we do. And as we've tested DIY, which we are, and we're capable of it. I mean that's the great thing, we have incredible flexibility in the services offering, pricing perspective. It's our hardware, our platform. We're not yet convinced that we want to heavily pursue DIY even if consumers demand it because we want to make sure when we get on this call, we say, hey, we had high margins and we have a long customer life and a huge profit pool ahead of us. We want to grow. We are growing at a very nice pace. We intend to grow -- we believe that there's a lot more growth in this space than what we show at this point. But we've got to invest in that and be focused on that, which we are. But we're not growing to grow just to add subs if it doesn't add margin, profit pool and customer longevity. We're not going to just chase that.  And again, we are -- it's a good question. We are absolutely paying attention, and we watch what other people do. But I would say this, we've got 20 years doing this business. And we believe we're the clear leader in the smart home as a service space, a clear leader and a lot of experience. And we're just really excited about the way that consumers are engaging with our platform, the number of interactions per day, the different use cases that they're starting to discover as they -- again, this is me also.  I'm so much more engaged with my home and my family because of the environment that none of us chose, it is what it is, and it's been unfortunate in some ways. But in other ways, we've had to learn how to do that. Enjoy the home is kind of our staycation, I think people are calling it. And it's our work environment for most of us a lot of the time. So we are perfectly positioned as a company that can deliver really interesting services and offerings into consumers' home right now. So we feel like we're a [indiscernible].
Todd Pedersen: Oh, so mix of buyers, not much change quarter-over-quarter. I mean not really actually. Sorry, I missed the last part.
Todd Pedersen: Thanks for the questions. So to the net SAC, that's absolutely at this point a choice. And Dale said, this is kind of interesting. Before we had consumer financing, and the hardware was kind of part of the overall package, it was a little bit confusing. It's so beautiful now because customers really can just pick and choose either to pay upfront with no contract, by the way, no commitment, it's month-to-month from that point or user financing, 0% financing going forward. And the majority choose the 60-month financing. But it's an interesting thing because we now have kind of levers we can pull on where we want to be.  Now at this point, and again, things can change. I'm not -- we're not going to say nothing can ever change in the business environment or financing environment. But as it stands today, we are and can continue to operate at a minimum of breakeven upfront on the subscriber acquisition, which is absolutely amazing.  By the way, I don't -- when we really set out to do this internally as a group 18 months ago, I don't even know if we believe that we could do it, but the same goes true for the sub-$10 servicing cost. We had a goal by -- just so everyone knows on the phone to get down to $10 a month servicing cost about 3.5 years ago. So the fact that it's happened -- and some of it's in the environment that we're in, but others are my choice and investment, we're really excited about that.  So the answer is yes for now. Speaking to some date in the future where the economic environment changes and we are reliant on consumer financing group citizens, which has been amazing, in Fortiva, they've also been amazing, we can continue to do that. We think it's the right way to do this.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So from a COVID perspective, and I think maybe we have had -- we obviously had to put our direct-on-sales organization on pause. We also -- and I didn't mention this earlier. I want to make sure I do again. We eliminated about 40,000 subscribers we would have put on in the past in the form of RICs. So when you really look at our sales performance, customer adds and revenue, it's not good, it's outstanding.  And so again, we have benefited from people being home, being more engaged with their home. Our performance on a per reps or sales per or sales per sales rep per day and revenue per customer, it is up substantially. It's up really nicely, I guess, I would say that right saying. I think we are going to see that trend, at least where we are, maintained because I think there is a lot more awareness in markets about who Vivint is. And as we layer on the branding and marketing campaign that we're doing, that we hope to perfectly describe how elegantly we deliver services to consumers, the quality of product, the design of the product, the value prop that we're going to keep those gains going forward. I'm actually fairly confident of that.
Todd Pedersen: Yes. So we just want to thank everyone for getting on the call. We are excited about the quarter that we've had and the year that we've had to this point. Hopefully, we've lived up and beat expectations, at least that we've told you in the market.  I want to make sure you all know this, we're incredibly focused on the current quarter, all of the dynamics of the business. We've got a pulse on everything, where we feel very confident in what we've stated and what we've promised for the year. But as an organization, and I think you'll learn this over time, it's not just the next quarter. We are investing currently in making sure that we make improvements and strides towards better service delivery and everything for the future of the business. We hope to continue to outperform expectations in the future. So thank you.
