Todd Pedersen: Yes, sure. As we had talked about – and by the way thanks for joining Paul, as we had talked about last year, if we had a clear insight into the fact that we'd be cash flow positive, we were going to start testing some branding exercises. I think we've said this before. We have less than 5% brand awareness in the United States and we're a company with 1.7 million subscribers and literally no brand awareness. So there is massive upside for our company to put ourselves out there in the market with the special operating we have with the fully-integrated professionally installed and serviced smart home offering. So we're really excited about it. We actually started doing that in Q3. Our actual – we're not going to talk about the exact specifics. We spent less than 10 million on brand in Q4 last year and this year it's going to be somewhat less than 30 million in brand spend. We have a positive enough result, even better than we have expected. From a response perspective, all of these things do take years-and-years to mature and gain momentum but very excited about that. And then the second part of that question is, we're a company that we own our own platform. I think everyone here knows that. And so we developed our platform out, our operating system out, somewhat like it was like eight years ago. So we think that doubling down and enhancing and improving that and kind of revamping that is important with some of the IT and technical tools for on-boarding customers and underwriting. So there's some investment happening on that side of the company. And then we're going to further explore some of the initiatives we have around insurance that we've talked about and then some additional investments in aging in place and the potential that's coming without question for our company, because of our position in the home, the number of devices the amount of data. And kind of figuring out how to approach that market to massive margin, it requires physically installed piece of hardware to collect the right pieces of micro data in a home, which we have in our house. So we have multiple initiatives like that and so there is some spend happening in those areas. And we're really making sure that as a company we're being thoughtful around the future of the company, how we're positioned, taking best advantage of the fact that we've got with this proprietary operating platform with lots of customers growing long life cycle of the customer. So we're actually really excited about it.
Todd Pedersen: It's not imminent, but we're prepared – the markets we’re in, there's a need for the company to do that, then we can take advantage, so it's more preparation. As far as refinancing the debt, paying down some debt and those are still in consideration. I mean, obviously the debt markets are strong. I think we're now well-positioned from the financial perspective operationally and otherwise to go and execute on that. And so that's coming.
Todd Pedersen: Yes, I mean, I can't speak for the major shareholders. I mean, there were some lockup periods that part of the agreement were six and 12 and some are 24 months based on some of the shareholders that they came in through back. So I can't really speak to whether…
Todd Pedersen: One thing I'll say, and may be this is for the future, this is not going to be 2021 impact, but there's going to be a cost factor there in investment. We see some more opportunities and we're constantly doing this because we own the hardware stack, the platform, the installation capability. We're always making improvements to the software and firmware. And then we see gains on connectivity and usability, and reliability of our system and our offering. We were going to be investing even more because of the AI and machine learning into more self-healing capabilities, more awareness around what's happening down to the unit basis on the hardware that we've installed inside of the home. And so we believe there's improvements and better economics to come. Just Dale made the point that its two quarters were kind of abnormally low, even though if you look at kind of on a trend basis over the past four years, when we came to – we came down from the mid-$18 per month level, down into what somewhere in the $11’s is kind of a normalized number. So we're very confident that that trend can continue over time. Now, there are things that need to be done and we're making investments in those. And part of it is, when we come out with a new hub or a new camera or new doorbell camera or the devices, they get better and better about staying connected and being reliable, which reduces inbound calls, technical support, truck rolls and such. So this is something we're constantly focused on.
Todd Pedersen: So I think this, that I haven't heard that question. You're towards a great question. We had to transition, one thing we learned about the organization is we have the ability with great speed and efficiency to change on a dime. I mean, we like other companies we went from working in the office to work from home and had to change the whole dynamic of how we operate and took care of our customers, which by the way that's the most important thing. It's quality of service delivery or we are customer’s hand. And we as an organization made that happen very, very quickly with very little disruption and making sure that our employees were safe and protected same as consumers. Now the one thing and you saw – I mean, if anyone's noticed this, but our cash flow turnaround from 2020 to 2021 – from 2019 to 2020 staggering. In part of that was just deficiencies and spend, less travel, less general spend with some budgetary items that we went through and said, hey, look this isn't driving revenue per se. We thought it might and it's not, let's get rid of that. So we had become more efficient in the dollars that we're spending. And I think as a group – as a leadership group we've got a great cadence in making sure that those don't creep back in. So just making sure that we're improving with the dollars that are coming through and making sure that they're redeployed in a way that actually adds benefit and grows value to the business or delivers better service to the consumer or develops new product or services they're going to want. So look, I can say this organization, I'm so proud of what happened, how we responded to the year in every way form and fashion. And the most important is we didn't let our customers down and then the demand grew and intensified. And those are the ways you win in a consumer facing space as you deliver on what you say, you're going to deliver on, when you're going to – when you say you're going to deliver on that, because that the word spreads, we haven't had brand awareness. So it's consumer awareness to build relationships. So that's what I would say.
Todd Pedersen: Those are great – both of those are great questions. Here's what I would say on the direct-to-home program. We're still in the middle of this pandemic. We are being cautious about over hiring, I don't, if you remember that last year, we had a lot more people hired than we actually deployed. Put on pause, there were people that were concerned about going into the neighborhoods, in homes, or even on people's front porches to do consultative sales. The ones that did, we did it with all the safety concerns in mind and protocols. And we did all the proper measures to make sure that they were healthy, but – and we had a lot of success, but we're still, if we over hire and something, another disruption that happens, it's just very expensive. So we're trying to be not cautious, but just be balanced in our approach with the direct-to-home. And then from an inside sales perspective, it's still growing scam. We are wanting to prove out to ourselves and we think we have somewhat that it's just been a quarter, that the brand spend that we're doing in the specific areas, we're doing really are going to produce the results that all of our shareholders are going to appreciate. And that's – really what that means is it's going to lead to subscriber growth. We feel that's the case. We actually believe it or we’re in, and we’d say it’s good enough, it probably warrants spending more than 30 million this year, but we're going to reserve the right to do that if we choose throughout the year, if we continue to improve. But for now, we're kind of saying somewhat less than 30 million is a modest amount to spend. But I would suspect you'd see over time, if they continue to show the results are showing that that will increase over the next few years.
Todd Pedersen: And these things are all things that have to work in constantly, let’s take this is what we know the product and services in the way we deliver them and how magical it is. It's going to gain momentum. We're perfectly suited for this environment. This new environment of working from home, some people back at the office, some that's kind of back and forth, even though with food delivery, DoorDash had more packaged delivery. We're like – we're perfectly suited for this new home environment. And we can take care of consumers in a very special way. So we're excited about the future. We have that opportunity to have a position to do that.
Todd Pedersen: Well, again, this is right back to the same thing. A 100% of our installs are done by our employees. They use our technical tools to do the installation. We have these health metrics with our, we call it the tech teams, our proprietary platform for installation, service and sale, all combined up into our call center and customer service center and ultra – that's all the data we can track on a real-time basis. I don't know of anyone else that can do that in this space. I'm confident they can't. And so it's – we just have these huge advantages in the market they're going to continue to prove themselves out more and more as we go on and the space gets more robust and deeper into the home with products and services, which is happening that's we all know that’s happening. And so it's – this is many, many years in the making. We didn't just decide to do this recently, or because someone else is doing it, this is a decision – we've made decisions over 20 years to invest in ensuring that the quality of service and the reliability and the magical experience is there. And it has to happen at the point of install. We walk away and things don't work well, that's a bad experience, and it's a cost center, and both of those are bad. And so we're getting better and better, better at those. Not that it's almost impossible to be perfect with technology and lots of devices that are connected wirelessly, but we're pretty darn good at it and getting better and I can assure you that over the next year and years. We have plans to continue to burn down those issues, eliminate them and make them our strong suits. So we're just getting started.
Todd Pedersen: Not I'm aware of that. I'm glad that I can take a look. I don't have all that bottoming air, but glad to catch up offline we can walk you through that. We'll be final it in day or two. So all of our financials will be out there within the next day or so.
Todd Pedersen: No, I mean, look, I will here's what I'd say. There's no – there are no company that's done branding enters in and can tell the entire story with their first entrance into the space. That's just not possible. So we just wanted to say, hey, here we are. This is Vivint. We actually have something that's cool. That's professionally installed. You don't need to worry about it. But I can assure you that, we will continue to tell our story over time and that's going to be something that evolves. We want to make sure it resonates with customers and it doesn't overwhelm them also. A lot of people don't realize that they can get 15, 20, 30, 50 devices installed their home profession at a very, very reasonable price. And to just put that out there, like I say might just have someone tune out a little bit because they would think, well, that's, even though we're saying it, let's say on an advertising campaign, they may not believe it like that, that can't be affordable. So it's just – here we are, this is simple. Just give us a try little doorbell, put that on there. And then we're pretty good at sales and upsells, and so we can upsell them into a full system. And so you'll see it evolve all the time. We're just the response and how simplistic and it was on purpose. The initial entrance was we had a tremendous response.
Todd Pedersen: So we appreciate everyone being on the call and via webcast. Again, we want to make sure everyone knows that we're super focused on just making sure that we deliver on what we say we're going to. We think the future is super bright. There's a bit everyone on the phone knows this. It's a big industry, lot of opportunity, and we are best suited to take advantage of that because of this, the ecosystem we've built out technologically our 12,000 employees that are taking care of our customers and expanding our reach throughout North America. So again, we appreciate you all paying attention to us and to invest in this panel. So and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Dale Gerard: Yes, well, hey, this is Dale. Welcome to the bar. I think just to maybe state why we did the shell or what we did here, in connection with the Mosaic transaction that we completed last January, obviously January 2020, certain number of our shareholders or stockholders were granted registration rights, requiring the company to put up shell for registration that would cover those shares. Due to the fact that we were a stack or a shell company or a blank check, however you want to think about, probably emerging with it, we were not eligible S-3 eligible, so just recently and had to fulfill those registration requirements by filing an S-1 shell. As soon as we become or became S-3 eligible we decided to file universal shell on form S-3 to cover those existing shares, registration rights, as well as registration of some additional securities for potential offering directly in the future. At this time we have no present attention to immediately conduct any offering, so to that shell, the purpose itself was to provide flexibility. So that's kind of what we're thinking and unfortunately that's probably the best I can give you at this at this point.
Dale Gerard: And look Paul, I can say this, I mean from a liquidity perspective, we wouldn't – we're open to that if they would like to sell down at some point, because we need more to put into stock. We all know that, so that wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing. They haven't run to the markets to do a big block trade or anything like that, we all know this. But there is a point in time, in an appropriate sell-down over time would be beneficial to the overall company and the share price and allow more people get into this name. So we're kind of relaxed about that a little bit and they're going to make the decision as they go about, I happened to be a major shareholder and I'm not one of those.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So let me tell you the thing that we're – and I've mentioned this in some of the investments that we're making into the company, the platform, the technical tools that we use to onboard customers in the field over the phone, serve our service platform. Again, it's all proprietary to both. We invest in those because this is what we know. The demand is high, even with all of the things that we changed last year. I mean, remember we eliminated new business in Canada. We eliminated RICs, kind of April timeframe stopped onboarding RICs other than an occasional RIC with system outages. So we're anticipating RICs would be 1% of our business this year. And then we put the direct-to-home program on pause for six straight weeks and then did a slow roll out. And so even with that, we get the numbers we did, there's demand for our products and services. And the more we get our name out and tell our story that we're going to start seeing better and improved top line revenue growth and sub-growth we're confident in that. So part of that invest into the platform to make sure that we can do that and handle that growth and deliver in a way that's kind of magical to consumer. So we're kind of doing some things in preparation of seeing some positive results on the branding side of the exercise of that. Some of the new – we have some new initiatives that we're doing around just testing out new ways to enter into the market or get into a home and expand in the home. So we have a lot of things, we are really excited that we're doing, we feel positive about and we figured out a lead to know better macro numbers. And then obviously we're always focused on what are the key things in the business like attrition and net service margin and all of those things, which kind of hard to improve, too much on all those very kind of knock those out of the park. But we're thinking about the whole thing all the time, Paul.
Dale Gerard: Yes, I mean, – Hey RK, thanks for joining the call. Hope you and Rod are doing great. What I would say is, what we see normally on pay-in-full, a lot of times those are customers again that maybe don't qualify for financing, for example. So they still want to get on the platform. They still want to get the services that we offer, but maybe they're not able to take three cameras and two door locks and so they're taking a smaller system. So you're looking on average those are going to probably $1,000 or -ish upfront versus somebody that takes the complete system, 15, 16 devices, six or seven, what I would call smart devices, so those are outdoor cameras, doorbell cameras, cross-over views, door locks access those types of packages. Those are going to be in the $2,500 to $2,600 upfront, so that's kind of how to think about the difference there. And again, the consumer financing that's free for any financing fees, right, so, we do pay financing fees with [indiscernible] do pay those over time or we pay those upfront as their loans grow. So on average, you're seeing that call it $2,500 ish range on a super finance pay-in-full call it $1,000 or something.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So I'd say, we've said this all along. We had a couple of quarters, if you think about Q2, Q3, where and we called this out on all these calls saying, hey, we had a lot – we had fewer service tickets into the home, which is a big part of that service costs. As COVID was really taking hold, a lot of people didn't want people coming into their homes and so we were trying to take care of that most of them at phone. And so we've said, those service costs in those quarters were probably abnormally lower than what they would have been. I think we see service costs, what I would say in the margin range. We've said that probably in the 73% to 75% margin rate, service margin is kind of where we think were normalized service levels in terms of the service we're providing the customers and then the service requirements are what we're pulling in from customers in terms, either calls coming into our call centers or requiring us to actually go roll a truck out to their home, to fix up that we couldn't fix. By the way we fix 85% to 90% of those, those issues that come in from a customer we're able to do over the phone, because of our technology platform that we have. But that's kind of so long and short of the answer is probably that mid-70% range in terms of service margins.
Dale Gerard: Yes. Good question. So, again as Todd said, there was brand spending in the fourth quarter, which we didn't have year-over-year. I think the other thing is, we extended – we were able to extend our direct-to-home program out into the early part of the fourth quarter, which we've never done before, so we have costs associated with that, that we wouldn't have had frankly in the past. So those are kind of the two big drivers of it. And then you did start seeing, again this is really part of the normal process of our service costs as we kind of – as we normally we'd put in accounts in Q2 Q3, and you'd start seeing a lot of Q3 going into Q4 and see service costs kind of come up because you have, that first 90 days after sales come in, you have some more calls come in, some of it is education, some of it's of helping people get the system set the way they want it set. Sometimes it requires truck rolls back up to the homes. And we started seeing some of that in the fourth quarter. Again, that's normal. We expected that in our numbers, but that's kind of how w3e see it. Thinking about – just to be kind of, as you think about 2021, it's going to be there'll be some odd kind of work year-over-year comparisons. Because again Q2 of 2020, we didn't start – really didn't even start direct-to-home April first part of May, we were shutdown really. So you didn't have any costs associated with that and it's popped up. We then coming out of April, we didn't know what the pandemic looked like, we didn't know how it is going to impact the business. So we scaled back and kind of cost. And our employees luckily allowed us to do something that we had to be stopped 401(k) paybacks for example. We didn't get merit for a period of time. We were able as the business went along and got into the fourth quarter, we actually reinstated merits. We actually did some study, reinstated 401(k) and some stuff around that. So we see all of those cost come back in the fourth quarter. That would've normally been there until Q2 and run rate out. But we're excited we put out the numbers that we put out in terms of our guidance. We're excited about, again as Todd said, really staying focused on those key metrics and really evaluating how do we spend our dollars. Travel was one, for example, not to pick on the travel, the travel is one it's like, do we need to travel as much to go see, partners separately, can we do that over Zoom, I mean, it's worked, it worked for nine months and we've done and the results are saying. So there's some of that we'll bring back in, but I think some of this Zoom and some of the other types of way to connect with our partners and our teams, we'll continue to do going forward for a period of time. Maybe broader, I mean, it's kind of part of the new branding.
Dale Gerard: Yes. So let me tell you, what's interesting. Thanks for pointing that out. I don't want to, there's no nothing to be alarmed about with this, but we actually think it could be better. We're trying to be a bit cautious because the supply chain, like everyone else that manufactures products overseas there's concern around supply chain, we're good with the plan we have and we're showing you right here. But the demand for our products and services, cameras, doorbell cameras, they're not – we have homed 16 cameras in the map, that five years ago they didn't even want camera. And the way we are just connected and how they deploy and how people interact with them and the amount of interaction, I mean on this call, 124,000 live video views are going to happen in our customer base during this call. So the demand is so high, we believe it could have been better. We're working on trying to speed things up from a supply chain perspective. We don't think it's going to disrupt our plan at all, because we've planned quite a bit in advance to make sure we can hit this, but we think there's even. And we would have said few years ago, there wasn't much upside for that to increase. Now we're seeing the opposite. The demand for additional and more hardware professionally installed is increasing substantially. So we're excited about that. We're feeling like that, that's conservative because of the supply chain issue, not demand.
Dale Gerard: I'd say this – I’d add one additional point this describes is that, for attrition we finished 12.4% in 2020. Again, we're putting some caution into those numbers and maybe attrition is – maybe it's in the high-12% maybe even low-13%, but again, we're – there's a lot of unknowns out there, like still how are the economy is going to evolve, how they can impact the actual consumers. I mean, if there's more government stimulus checks put into the market, how does that impact our customers it seems like it was very good, our customers were in terms of how they performed in 2020. But again, so we're just kind of being taken what we know today in terms of what we see out there. Again, as Todd said around the sales side and then in terms of customer portfolio performance and trying to put out a number that we thing is reasonable.
Dale Gerard: Cash from operating activities was, I mean, we just and we knew we were going to, by the way, we knew we were going to deal on all things, but we've had tremendous improvements operationally, financially, and that it was on purpose. None of it happened on accident and we're hyper focused on how we operate this business. We want to be known as great operators, not just from a financial metric perspective, but toward consumers, because that's going to be, that is one of the key differentiators. We have professional installed fully on proprietary smart home platform. And that's going to lead to the future of our business, which is what a true smart home is going to be, which is the entrance into the home to what we're doing is going to provide lots of outlets into services and technologies that we're going to be able to provide for consumers. We've got to be great at the first part, just as maintaining these hardware devices having them be stable, reliable, elegant, great experience, low issues, and then we're doing that.
