David Crane: Thank you, Chris. And before we open the floor to questions. Just one summary remark. We've been asked many times over the past few weeks whether we plan any new strategic initiatives to take the place of nuclear development. And the short and simple answer to that question is no. Our strategy was and still is a multi-pronged growth strategy incorporating many initiatives, which are designed to capitalize on what we see as being very attractive opportunities opened to the 21st century power companies. We think if we successfully execute on these initiatives, we will substantially enhance the shareholder value in the years to come. The dimmed prospect for the nuclear renaissance in the United States either have not affected our other initiatives or in some cases, they've actually enhanced the attractiveness of these other opportunities.  So our plan, quite simply, is to redeploy the time, energy and resources we were putting into new nuclear developments into a near -- people at NRG know that I'm a big fan of alliteration into the 4 Rs of renewables, repowerings, retail and repurchases. So with that, Laura, we'd be happy to answer any questions that people have.
David Crane: Well, Brandon, just -- I mean, we have -- the main thing in the renewables front is we don't have any new initiatives in terms of onshore wind. We have NRG Bluewater that's pursuing offshore, but that's a long process still I think. It's overwhelmingly when you focused on solar, and we have this pipeline that we think will go into construction, we'll use the benefits of the cash ITC program that's available through the remainder of this year. As I mentioned, that's close to 1,000 megawatts. Beyond that, we have a development pipeline. It's earlier stage and so things can come and go, but that can be another couple thousand megawatts over the next few years. So we're going to have a lot of focus on that area. To date, that has been out in the southwest United States. We are looking to get more involved in solar further East, I mean, certainly in Texas but also actually in the East. But that's still a work in progress.  On the conventional side, one of the things that we think is going to come about obviously is that we've had sort of a reversal in terms of solid fuel baseload. While clearly, the prospects for a nuclear development in the country outside of the deep South have dimmed substantially. And now that we have much greater clarity about coal-fired generation because of the promulgation of the EPA rules, we at least have a sense of what's going to happen in that market and you can actually price opportunities and you can price gas as an alternative. We have a lot of great sites around the company in the Northeast and Texas and the West Coast. The transmission system depends upon power from a lot of our sites. So we have mainly a brownfield development, redevelopment effort at many different sites around the country, and I think we're going to be re-evaluating that and see if we can get more plants permitted. But I think with where our market prices are, we are currently operating on the assumption that anything we do is going to benefit one way or another from a long-term offtake arrangement. And we'll try to be more specific on the second quarter call because there are live projects that we think will have greater certainty by that time.
David Crane: Angie, can I just add though because you make a very good point which I think is one of the most interesting areas in the country in terms of the future of power generation mix is the Northeast. Because if you look at it, I mean, we actually performed pretty well. I mean, in terms -- the fact that our EBITDA result in the Northeast went from $77 million last year to $10 million is not because of a weak performance of our units. It's because that's what we got out of the marketplace in the quarter. And the Northeast fleet is older than the rest of the country's fleet and I think there's just a lot of question about what going to be the power generation in the future. But if someone like us with several thousand megawatts manages to extract $10 million in EBITDA, it's not a sustainable situation long-term.
David Crane: Well, Greg, I mean, I may be misunderstanding your question but I mean there's nothing that I know of in the covenant package that's really and unduly restrictive in terms of reinvesting in the business. It's all -- because I feel that in the scheme of things, we've been very disciplined in that approach. The company has accumulated this large cash balance and as a high cost of capital company, it's clearly inefficient for us to be holding that amount of cash on our balance sheet. So really the only constraint that we're trying to relieve right now is our ability to return that capital to shareholders at this share price, through our share buyback. But if we were at a more reasonable share price, there are other ways of returning capital to shareholders. Chris, if you will.
David Crane: Well, the call premium is 103 in 5 days [ph] roughly on the 2016. So on $2.4 billion, that would be the call premium there which is roughly $85 million of call premium that we would pay. The 2017s are yet callable. There was a make-up [ph] call which is depending on the day you choose treasuries of about 110 versus the call that comes due in January of 2012, about 103 in 5 days. So there's a significant difference between getting at the 2017s now and waiting for the call period in 9 months from now, which we expect to do. So that would be -- and that issue in 2017 is at $1.1 billion.
David Crane: Well, let me just answer that by saying I don't even know a specific dollar impact to that event and so if I don't know, we're not going to tell you what exactly it is. But in the scheme of the quarter, I don't think it was a significant number. But it's always better on any given day to make more money than you lose. So we're pleased with the outcome on that day. But we don't have a specific number from the ISO event itself that we can give you.
David Crane: Well, Julien, there's no shift yet. I mean, the important thing as you say is on 2 of the 3 sites and that the most active -- I mean, like most good developments, Ivanpah was being built in a staggered approach. Ivanpah 1 first and then 2 and 3. And most of the activity, not all of the activity but most of the activity is around Ivanpah 1 which was not affected by the BLM action. And we believe and hope that, that action is just going to have a short-term impact on the day to day schedule. And at this point, there's no reason to think that the overall schedule is going to change at all.
David Crane: But it's very hard for us to predict specifically the way it's all going to pan out, but the burn rate in terms of the development of that project is quite low relative to other things that we are doing and have done in the past. So we're very pleased with where we sit. And Ameet, as I think we've said many times, to the extent that there are weaknesses in our portfolio, we would like to have more based intermediate load generation in PJM, particularly in Eastern PJM. So it was an attractive opportunity for us.
David Crane: So operator, with that, I think we will call it a day. We appreciate everyone taking the time to participate in this call. We look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call if not before. Thank you very much.
Christian Schade: Brandon, it's a process we just recently started and kicked off, so there's really no update. It's ongoing. The responses we've received from the initial potential investors we've seen has been very positive. But we expect it's going to go on through the rest of this quarter into the early part of the third quarter and we'll update it then.
Christian Schade: That's correct. And until we relieve the restrictions into the outstanding indentures governing the 2016 and '17 maturities, we're going to be prohibited from returning much more than the $180 million that we've currently announced for this year, perhaps maybe more in the margin. But the relief that we're going to get in the new maturities, which will mirror the indentures that we have and the other outstanding and new early issued bonds, is quite significant and allow us to look quite holistically at capital allocation across the...
Christian Schade: We said that Green Mountain would contribute $70 million to $80 million of EBITDA for the full year and their performance during the first quarter was good, and there's no reason to think that we will not be within that range at the end of the year.
Christian Schade: About $50 million. So we completed the $130 million, we said $180 million. So we have the $50 million remaining which we'll get to in short order.
Christian Schade: No, I think we're certainly looking to putting some cash towards the refinancing. I think to accomplish 2 things. One perhaps just to reduce overall leverage in maintaining our good balance sheet targets. And second, to relive any potential sort of reaching [ph] costs on refinancing lumpy tranches to try to remove some of the market risk that might exist around some very largely-sized tranches in any given maturity.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Angie, this is Mauricio. As you know, Huntley and Dunkirk and Indian River, they have been under constant degree [ph]. We have already made significant investments on those facilities. We believe that the back-end controls that we have installed in Huntley and Dunkirk or that we're installing in Indian River will be sufficient to comply with those rules. When we say 30 and 40 gigawatts, we really think that Eastern coal generators will have to install either significant environmental control equipment or retire. So whether we see that happening Midwest, Southeast and Mid-Atlantic, we think that, that's where the majority of the impact is going to be felt. So I think on our environmental CapEx, we really are focusing on controlling mercury to ACIs and for vacation [ph] needs of fabric filters to control mercury and SO2. And we think that with that, we will be able to comply with the rules.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. I mean, what is left is Indian River 4 and that is less than 5% of the total coal that we consume now in our fleet.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, Angie, I mean, 2 things. One, we had a warmer than normal February and March that really impacted the generation of power coal fleet in West New York. We're constantly evaluating the profitability of our plants. We think that the market is starting to rebound. We're going to go into the second quarter and third quarter where higher capacity prices and going into the summer will increase the profitability of our plants.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean, I think we've been quite public about the excellent performance of our fleet during those days and the price spikes that happened, which basically demonstrates how competitive markets work.  On the retail side, the convention is that during these events, retail providers tend to be heard. In our case, through the hedge profile that we have provided to Reliant, they were no longer insulated on February 2 but to some extent benefited by the sudden decrease of our power prices following these events, with higher loads that were maintained because of our coal [ph] prices. So I think exactly on the days that happened, our Generation portfolio was ready to be deployed and in the aftermath where power prices decrease significantly, the Retail portfolio out-performed [ph]. But keep in mind that the result of our presenting, yes, I mean, the February 2 events held but this is in prior quarter results.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean, I would say that I think it's too early to tell and in general, we like organized markets where there is clear transparency on transmission and dispatch and clearly NRG moving to MISO you say it's a positive development for our portfolio. And you already mentioned on the capacity markets, I mean, I think show the characteristics of a proven organized market are going to be positive for our South Central region.
