Mauricio Gutierrez: Thank you, Alberto. Turning to Slide 13, I want to provide a few closing thoughts on today's presentation.  During the quarter, we made significant progress on our priorities: integrating Direct Energy, perfecting and growing our platform and executing disciplined capital allocation. NRG has never been stronger. We have the stability and financial flexibility to thrive and take advantage of opportunities through all market cycles. At our Investor Day, we outlined for you the tremendous opportunity to deliver value for shareholders, and I have never been more excited about the future of this company. I look forward to updating you on our progress along the way.  So with that, Ray, we'll open the line for questions.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, I mean the -- so first, let me just say that in terms of regional or market-specific, out-of-market subsidies, whether it's for nuclear or any other technology, we'd rather see competitive incentives in our respective markets. Now having said that, if there is a national PTC, obviously, that changes our perspective. We will look at participating that through our South Texas project facility down in Texas. And obviously, that has a positive impact on our -- on that particular asset.  So that's how I would think about the national PTC, but I need to highlight the national aspect of it. I mean I think if it's just regional, it creates a lot of dynamics, intra markets that are not necessarily in the best interest of competitive markets.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Julien. I mean as I tried to highlight in the past, our integrated platform really has reduced exposure to the underlying commodity prices. Whether it is increasing in natural gas, which we have seen or increasing in power prices, this tends to affect all market participants, all retail providers. So to some extent, all these increasing commodity prices can be passed through to customers. It's not that it's just affecting us or affecting somebody else.  I will say that given the addition of the natural gas business with the acquisition of Direct Energy, that actually has been very complementary, and it highlights the strength of the diversified portfolio. I mean in the East, if you look at it, it's actually even more noticeable. If gas prices are increasing, perhaps that has some impact on -- in the near term on our power business, but it has actually a benefit on our natural gas business, which is incredibly sizable. So that's why I think investors need to think about our business is somewhat insulated from increases in commodity prices.  Now I don't know, Chris, if you have any comments around just the direction of the price move and what to expect as I think I already addressed the impact on our portfolio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Okay. Got it. So I mean we are very confident on that. And actually, we have already started a number of initiatives both on power services and home services. But as I said, I mean our #1 priority right now, and I want to be unequivocal about it, is integrating Direct Energy and achieving the $300 million of synergies. That's the least path resistance to value, and we're focused on that. Then we're going to look at the low-hanging fruit opportunities like optimizing our dual-fuel customers. We have good visibility on them. We want our power customers to buy natural gas, and we want our natural gas customers to buy power. So the cost of acquisition is actually pretty compelling.  And then -- and I think that would be the focus for the rest of 2021 and in 2022. You need to think about those opportunities on power and home services as we are testing and learning right now. And if we think that the opportunity is very attractive, then we will accelerate the scale up. If it's not, then we will kill it quickly.  But I expect that most of that investment will happen in the second half of our planning period towards, let's say, '23 and beyond. But we're very, very excited. We actually have a pilot program right now on home solar, which is very exciting, and we're learning a lot about what customers want. So we are waiting -- we're not waiting. We're starting these initiatives. We're very small, deploying very little capital, and -- but we're learning a whole lot.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. So as Alberto mentioned, buckets moved a little. On a gross basis, it moved by $85 million. I mean the majority of it is just resettlements. And I would say 70%, 30% between resettlements and then 30% bad debt. So we feel very confident with the -- now with the clarity that we have around securitization that we're going to be able to offset that.  So net-net, there is no change in the impact of the -- of Winter Storm Uri. Although, as I've mentioned before, I mean things are going to move a little bit up and down. It just happened also in this quarter, but we have the upcoming 180-day settlement and -- just in a couple of weeks, and we're monitoring that. But I actually think that that's going to be very small. But nonetheless, I mean I expect things to move just a little bit, whether it's up or down. But now that we have this visibility on the securitization, it just gives me a lot of comfort to maintain the range that we have.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean just to take a little bit of a step back because I think it's -- context is important here. So when you look at the PJM fleet, you're really talking about the Midwest generation fleet. I mean that's the lion's share of it. And as we have quantified for you in the past, I mean that's about 5% of our earnings. So it's important just to put the context and the magnitude of that.  I think everybody has seen the auction results. They were very disappointing. That basically resulted in the announcement of 50% of our coal fleet, the retirement -- the announced retirements of 50% of our coal fleet. I think given the changes in capacity prices in PJM, it's just prudent that we do a deep dive review of the rest of the portfolio. It's ongoing at this point, and we're looking at everything in terms of reliability, if they're needed for reliability, what are the development prospects. I mean we're looking at just about everything for that -- on that strategic review. And I'll -- as we progress, I'll keep you all updated, but that's where we are.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Right. Well, Michael, and let me just be clear here. NRG doesn't have a short position. When I talk about running an integrated model, every megawatt that we are selling to our customers, we're back to backing, whether it is with own generation or whether it is contracting generation in the market or just buying on the open wholesale market. So I want to be clear, Michael, because I think that is a misconception of NRG. We are not short electricity. We're not short of products that we're selling to our customers. We back-to-back them all. So that will be the first point.  The second point is, we don't have to own every single megawatt that we have. I mean that is -- we can actually achieve the same attributes of owning generation by contracting them. We have a number of renewable PPAs that we have. We contract with other counterparties. And whether it is a tolling deal or some physical transaction, we can actually bind the open market in the forwards. So I mean there is a number of things.  I would say that the biggest lesson coming from Winter Storm Uri is the diversification of our supply. If I own 1 big power plant, and you will basically say, "Okay. Well, now they're not short." That big -- that 1 power plant will be a single point of failure. That's what we're trying to avoid. That was the big lesson from Winter Storm Uri.  So I actually feel a lot more comfortable that we have a best-in-class commercial team that is looking at sourcing those megawatts from our power plants, from other people's power plants and from the open market. That is the best strategy that we have. And if we can do it in a capital-light way that frees off our cash and maintains the strong free cash flow to EBITDA ratio that we have, the better.  So that's how I think about it, Michael. But this notion that you're describing that somehow, the biggest risk is the short position of NRG, I just don't share that same view.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I mean every -- we do. That's what this balancing -- running a balanced portfolio is -- now I expect the commercial team when we go into the shorter term to position the -- our -- to adjust our position based on their -- sometimes based on their commodity, based on weather, based on prices. But you're talking about optimization around the edge, not necessarily a position going forward.  So I mean if you're asking me, do we have enough megawatts? I would say yes. On a nameplate capacity, our portfolio is sufficient to cover just as much of the network that we sell. But that's not what we're trying to do. What we're trying to do is optimize our supply to make sure that we put the position -- we have the company positioned in the best possible way given where we think the market is.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. Keith, I think -- I mean I'll -- well, first of all, we allocate capital when we actually have the cash available to us. So while we have created some financial flexibility given the changes that we did on the glide path to achieve our investment-grade credit metrics, they are still underpinned by when we're going to receive the money from the Uri mitigation plan; and then secondly, from the sale of our Eastern California asset.  So those are the 2 big triggers. As soon as we have that excess cash, I am going to apply our capital allocation principles. I expect to provide all of you another update on the third quarter call, and I expect these money to start coming in towards the fourth quarter.  So as we have always done in the past, and I don't think this should be a surprise to anybody, we allocate that excess cash when we actually have the cash. And that's how I -- that's how you should think about just in terms of timing, Keith.
Mauricio Gutierrez: I think margins have been relatively stable. As we -- even though the winter storm was pretty impactful, particularly on the regulated side, but also on the unregulated. Many of the retail providers have either credit sleeves or back-to-back. So we saw just a handful of people being exposed to the open market, and I think they fell through the process. But they were the minimum number of participants. I wouldn't say that there was a big number of participants that were under tremendous stress on the retail side. So margins have been relatively stable. The competition is still out there, similar to what we have seen in the past.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Most of it will -- is still to come. I mean as you know, the securitization process is still ongoing while they pass the law. What we expect is in August to -- we're going to have a hearing. And then in October, we need to have an order that is going to define how they're going to allocate those -- that money. So I expect that by October, we'll have even more line of sight in terms of the allocation methodology. And so that will be on the securitization.  And then on the other two, the bad debt is a continuous process. And then I think everybody knows that in the heat recall option that we had, I mean that's going to take a little bit more time given the legal route that we're taking.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Yes. No. That's an excellent point, Jonathan. And as I said to you before, we're going to be increasing our disclosures. We're actually working on it right now given the strategic update that we provided to all of you just a month ago.  So I think what you should expect to see is transparency and visibility in terms of how we go from the margin that we have today to the margin that we want to have in 2025, the steps that we're taking. We're going to have conversations around the different initiatives to deploy the $2 billion of capital. We're in the test-and-learn period right now. But as we start scaling up in any of these initiatives, we will have a conversation with all of you ahead of time in terms of what the opportunity -- quantifying the opportunity, what is the capital that is required and what is the EBITDA associated to it.  So there is a lot more disclosures to come both in terms of the $2 billion of capital deployment that we expect and the opportunity that, that represents, but also the makeup of our portfolio around customers, what we're seeing around the longevity of these customers in our portfolio.
Mauricio Gutierrez: No. My goal, we'll make it part of the quarterly updates. And I think that, in earnest, will come probably towards the end of the year and start the new year with fresh financials. We're already working on it now. And I think you should expect a -- more disclosures as we go into 2022.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Sure, Angie. So I mean I think you need to make the distinction between customers that are on their fixed price. And the customers that are on their fixed price, we back-to-back that. So the minute we sign a customer under fixed price, we have the supply, we lock in the margin. And that is very simple. I mean we price every customer based on the forward curve. So I don't think that doesn't create any exposure.  Perhaps you're talking about the variable rates, the month-to-month, and whether or not we can buy that. But keep in mind, I mean a variable rate is exactly that. You have the ability to change the price if the underlying commodity price in the market changes. So that's why I was saying, we have the ability to pass through some of these costs.  And we're not the only ones exposed to it. Every single retail energy provider, electric provider, each is exposed to these changes in power prices. So it's not like this puts us in a disadvantage. I mean it impacts the supply cost of all retail electric providers. So you would expect a similar -- a move to offset that increase. That's why I'd say, I still don't understand this concept around why some investors or some of you think that we're short power.  I mean having a variable price customer allows us to change prices. Whether it's up or down, if prices are coming down, perhaps we can move the customers' pricing down. But if prices rise, we can do the same. So in the medium term -- when you're talking about the medium term, I'm assuming you're talking about 12 to 18 months. I mean that's plenty of time to take price actions. And that's what we have done in the past. We consistently see that. So that's how I think about the exposure.  And on the fixed price, it's -- we always do it back-to-back. So I'm not concerned about fixed price customers that go multiyear, particularly for C&I customers.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Well, I mean I think what we said is, we have adjusted our life path to the 2.5 to 2.75. We haven't changed our targets of investment-grade credit metrics. We changed just the trajectory on how to get there. And that was informed by our conversations with rating agencies in the aftermath of Winter Storm Uri.  So it's very consistent with the conversations that we have with rating agencies. I don't control the credit rating timing. That's not on us. That's on the rating agencies. We believe that 3x is a strong -- a very strong balance sheet, but we still are targeting 2.5 to 2.75. But given this change in glide path, it has provided some financial flexibility to -- if we have excess cash, which we anticipate to have by the end of the year, then we will allocate that through the guidance and principles that are very transparent and that we have communicated to all of you.  So that's how I expect to start allocating this excess cash, which includes share buybacks towards the end of the year when we start having some excess cash, but I mean that's going to be contingent on when do we close the asset sale and when do we start seeing the money from the Uri mitigants.
Mauricio Gutierrez: Great. Thank you. Well, thank you for your interest in NRG and look forward to continue updating you in this exciting new opportunity and phase for NRG. Thank you, everyone.
