Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. We successfully managed through the challenge of adverse weather conditions in many large markets to realize 17% EPS growth year-to-date and 11% EPS growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis, factoring in a $0.03 EPS difference for the stronger U.S. dollar.  Looking at sales, our domestic blue business sales were up 5.6% year-to-date, including an increase of just 2.5% in the quarter. Part of the lower second quarter sales growth was related to the acceleration of early byshipments into the first quarter but a bigger impact was from record rainfall caused by delayed remodeling replacements and new construction activity in the South Central part of the country including Texas and adjacent states as well as delayed pool openings in the Midwest and Northeast markets. For those that ask about the drought in California our blue business sales were up 6.3% year-to-date in California as we work to educate the market on the net water efficiency of pools especially as related to their economic contribution relative to most other alternatives. On the other hand, our blue business sales in Texas were down 0.6% as record rainfall and saturated ground reduced our customer’s effective work days. Building materials again led the way with 11.9% sales growth year-to-date and 9.4% in the quarter despite Texas and adjacent markets being down. We continue to gain share with building materials as well as expand the market working in conjunction with our customers and suppliers. Equipment sales increased 8.1% year-to-date and 4.9% in the quarter reflecting both the gradual recovery of replacement activity and an improved mix with higher priced more energy efficient products. Commercial product sales were up 8.8% year-to-date and 5.6% in the quarter as we continue to capture share in this product category. Retail product sales increased 3.1% year-to-date and were down 0.1% in the quarter reflecting our acceleration of early byshipments in the first quarter, the adverse impact of delayed pool openings in Midwest Northeast markets and recent year’s negligible growth of the pool install base. Especially noteworthy within retail is that in chemicals by far the largest product category sold in the retail channels our sales were up 5% year-to-date which is in sharp contrast to the industry decline as we together with our customers continue to gain market share. Our chemical sales were up 3% in the quarter despite the delayed pool openings in northern markets. Staying within the blue business, our international sales in local currencies were up 8.2% year-to-date and 6.3% in the quarter although in U.S. dollars they were down 9.4% year-to-date and down 10.8% in the quarter. While exchange also helped to mitigate the adverse exchange impact the net impact was $0.03 in EPS in both the quarter and year-to-date. Turning to our green business. Our sales were down 3% year-to-date and 7.4% in the quarter. Here the results are due to our elimination of certain unprofitable equipment lines and the retro green fall in Texas pushing out new installations. Our gross margins were essentially flat versus prior year as expected. Expenses were lower than last year in both the quarter and year-to-date primarily due to the stronger U.S. dollar and lower performance based compensation. Otherwise, expenses are being responsibly managed in the normal course. Our base business operating margins increased by 80 bps to 11.3% year-to-date and by 84 bps to 15.3% in the quarter. Given the limited sales leverage this year, this improvement demonstrates how we are managing the business. In the second half we expect to see sales growth more like the year-to-date results on a constant currency basis. Together with comparable gross margins and disciplined expense controls, we should have another year of solid operating profit and EPS growth. Factoring everything in we decided to tighten our annual EPS guidance to 272 to 282 per diluted share. Our results and our success are founded on the commitment of our people it is their dedication, their engagement and their use of the tools and resources uniquely available to them that enable us to provide exceptional value. In a year where the industry is not growing year-to-date we are, in a year where our sales growth is below expectations our earnings meet expectations on a constant currency basis. Our people are the ones making it happen. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: They have come back in the sense that they are back to normal activity rates but they haven’t -- there has been no recovery per se because they stayed pretty busy during the course of the third quarter.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: When you look at the markets let’s take Florida up through the southeast they were largely unaffected, the West Coast was fine, California I mentioned that in my comments was solid on to the Pacific northwest. So, basically the adverse weather the real adverse weather was obviously Texas we saw a lot on the news back in May and June and tremendous levels of precipitation. And then going up through the central part of the country into Missouri, Kansas and then further East affecting markets like Indiana and then on to the northeast. So really but if you take the slot let’s say from Maryland, South was fine and West the Texas was basically fine as well.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Great question David, we have not seen that yet, that would be something we probably be more likely to happen as we exit the season. Although these are year around markets so the risk there is less than if it were a more seasonal market.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, let me just go through my notes a second here. For the quarter, I did not say, they were -- but I have the notes here. They were up more modestly in the quarter they were up to a very strong start in the first quarter and had a little bit of cooler weather in the April-May time period so they were down -- California was just modestly up in the quarter.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Modestly up in the quarter and that was, they got off to a strong start and then we hit with a little cool weather but year-to-date still solid and in fact typically we get a lot of questions from investors about the drought and certainly that's taking up some of our management time in the west as well as here in Covington working to educate the local water boards. And so far we’ve been pretty effective in just educating them on the fact that pools are relatively efficient and when you factor in the economic activity to provided by the pool industry it dwarfs most industries including technology or agriculture. So, you’re going to from an economic development standpoint the last thing you want to do is tamper with water efficient industries.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Pool construction right now is profits are up modestly year-on-year I mean if I look at markets like California is up, Florida is up and Texas is also up in terms of permits. Now in terms of the actual pools getting finished, California Florida are fine but Texas obviously is really backed up. So when I look at the three big states overall I would say that they should be flat to modestly up year-on-year. In terms of the rest of the country, I would say flat to modestly up year-on-year. So whereas last year we’ve finished the year the industry with just about 60,000 pools built and for the point of reference that’s down over 70% from where it was 10 years ago. This year probably will be modestly up overall but not much more maybe a couple 1,000 up year-on-year.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: From a gross margins standpoint, they were not too different from our normal business. But the resources required both in terms of personnel as well as facilities really and when you look at the inventory investment there was we were really realizing negligible to no return on investment. So, these are sectors that are not what I’ll call core irrigation these were in adjacent markets primarily related to golf courses and higher bigger turf equipment. So therefore the thought process was what let’s just prune back and focus on our core where we can get a higher return on invested capital.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay, in terms of -- there is a couple of sales centers that we were looking to have opened earlier in the year but unfortunately we’ve encountered various permit delays on the part of local authorities. So we have not been able to get those open in fact just three of those that kind of like our delayed anywhere from three to six months from the targeted open date. So, hopefully those will get open later this year although they’re not going to help us at all in the year we’ll certainly get them opened and be ready for the ’16 season. Beyond that, we’ll go through that process really in the next two months or so and lay out what we’re going to be opening for the ’16 season. But over and above those three locations I would expect another handful but that's still to be defined but a handful is a planning number at this juncture.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. You would expect the SG&A to be basically flattish on a dollar basis, it would be up a little bit in constant currency. But on a U.S. dollar basis, it would be about flat.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The impact on gross margins is negligible from percentage standpoint because there is nothing unique to stand out. What does happen though is because of delayed openings some of the typical maintenance type expenses whether it’d be chemicals or accessories, whatever, those are impacted, so those are lost. And in fact I am still getting information about in certain markets people are still opening pools as recently as this week which is about in some cases two months later than normal. So that’s just gives you an indication of some of the delays that have transpired now that’s at the outside end of the spectrum but still it’s a lost sale because the pools are open less time and therefore there is less consumables.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you all for listening. Our next earnings call is scheduled for Thursday, October 22nd when we’ll discuss our third quarter results. Have a great day.
