Mark Joslin: Thank you, Melanie. I'll start my comments today with some perspective on our second quarter financial results. For each of the last two quarters, I've alluded to our results looking like the work of some sort of modern day Renaissance master. In hindsight, I think I should have saved my superlatives for this Q2 results, which are the real work of the master. At the peak of the season, when demand is greatest, our customers' needs our most urgent and our supply chain is the most stressed. Delivering the kind of results we achieve this quarter is the embodiment of a team effort that is truly exceptional and demonstrates an incredibly high level of execution. Our second quarter was a combination of a frenetic year in the pool industry that really showcased the talent of our team as well as the value of our business model. Looking back over the last year, our trailing 12 months of financial highlights included 40% revenue growth and cumulative sales of $4.8 billion, 84 basis points of gross margin expansion, and 350 basis points of operating margin expansion, while delivering a return on invested capital of 50%. All remarkable results. In addition, we had a balanced deployment of capital over this 12-month period, with $125 million in capital used to acquire five companies and nearly $200 million returned to shareholders evenly split between dividends and share repurchases. And we invested $26 million in PP&E, primarily to support investments in technology and new locations. We also invested just over $200 million in working capital in 2021 ahead of our seasonal business peak to be in the best position possible to serve our customers throughout our supply constrained environment. As a matter of notes, our sales growth over the last year of $1.4 billion was just a bit more than our total sales when I joined the company back in 2004. Clearly, our marketplace has evolved at a rapid pace over the course of the last year and has our performance and our outlook for the future, which continues to be very positive. At this point, I'll share some insights into the factors included in our guidance range. Using the midpoint of our new guidance range as a measuring stick and comparing the new range to the old, you can see that we raised our expectations by 15% for the year. This is a result of three factors; better overall Q2 performance than expected with higher sales growth and bigger gross margin gains than we had factored into our previous range; expectations for somewhat higher sales growth and better gross margin performance for the remainder of the year; and lastly, the $7.7 million or $0.19 share benefit from our ASU tax gain in second quarter that was not in our previous range. Our previous range had anticipated sales growth for the year in excess of 20%. Our new range which of course has Q2 baked into it anticipate sales growth in excess of 25% for the year with greater growth in Q3 than in Q4 as path become increasingly difficult. As a reminder, our Q3 2020 sales growth was 27%, while Q4 2020 sales growth was 44%, which was aided by a very favorable weather conditions and include acquisitions which will be lapped this year. While we assume normal weather for the rest of the year in our guidance range, favorable fourth quarter whether this year could see us reach a milestone of $5 billion in revenue for the full year. As I noted, our gross margin expectations for the remainder of the year have also improved with year-over-year gross margin gains now anticipated in both the third and fourth quarters, though much less improvement in the fourth quarter given the 70 basis points of margin pickup we recorded in Q4 of 2020. Despite inflationary pressures on our operating costs and growth in certain discretionary business expenses that have been pared back during the pandemic, we expect to continue to manage expense as well, and could achieve as much as 250 to 300 basis points operating margin improvement in 2021 over 2020 with the majority of addition gains, excuse me -- the majority of additional gains for the back half of the year coming in Q3. With that I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Mark Joslin: I'll take that Dave. I guess, structural versus transitory, that's interesting way I guess the phrasing it. I think, first of all, when you look at the margin gains in the second quarter, as Melanie kind of went through them, we got some benefit from last year. A little bit of margin pressure from the bigger tickets, lower margin sales that we had -- that we didn't have in the second quarter this year and frankly, we don't expect going forward. So, that's really not transitory. The one benefit we mentioned customer mix are that relates to internet sales. So, we do sell to internet retailers and store-based retailers and given the lower margin on internet and supply outages, we didn't have as much growth there as we have in our store-based retail. Is that going to come back in the future? It's possible, but I see that being longer term, perhaps not necessarily over the next year or more given the higher pace of revenue growth in the industry, and the need to continue to prioritize store-based sales for us. We have those kind of supply chain initiatives that we discussed, which also involve the inflation that we've seen. And as Pete mentioned in his comments, we expect continued inflation as we move through the rest of this year and into next year. So, that may not -- well certainly won't be a long-term issue. I don't see that being an issue over the next 12 to 18 months. And then vendor incentives, Melanie mentioned as well, and that's something that we'll be working through with our vendors in terms of what that looks like going forward. And I don't want to try to predict that at this point. So, I think there's a combination there. But I feel pretty positive about the margin gains, certainly continuing through the rest of this year and into next year. And then we'll see what happens after that. So, long answer to your question. Good question and hopefully, gave you a little bit of insight.
Mark Joslin: You want to send me your model, and I can just fill it out for you. You know, I would say maybe a little bit better then what you're thinking certainly in the third quarter, fourth quarter a little bit tougher. But we see more benefits and as I said, expect some of that to continue in the next year or so. I feel good about the gross margin opportunity for us, as we exit the second quarter and/or the third.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I think there's three factors, right? So inventory dollars are up. But when you look at it in terms of days of inventory, we're actually down. We -- this is where in this environment is where a company like Pool Corp really excels, because we use the strength of the balance sheet to kind of lean in to make sure that we have product available for our builders. So part of it is that, there's still periodic shortages of product and every -- but that's a widely known fact. But what happens is, it could be one product, right? So if I look at the inventory balance in total, it could be a couple of products that are missing for to ship a job complete. So when that comes in, it will go. But by and large, it's a couple of factors. One, business is up. So our days of inventory are re down because of the shortages. We're buying ahead, certainly to make sure that we have as much product as we can. And then we're still dealing with intermittent shortages of specific items that may be holding up the shipment of a complete job.
Mark Joslin: Sure. If you look at over time, our -- we have consistently gained share over time. So I think our -- we have a tremendous focus on the customer experience. And we -- every time we get a new customer, we treat that as a golden opportunity to make sure that we maintain that. And if you look back historically, on our market share, it's been -- we've been consistently growing that now. In the last year, we certainly have grown faster, given the circumstances that are -- that have played out. But if you look back over time, those tend to be very sticky relationships with a customer. So it's not like they come to us, they jump back. Over time, we've been able to demonstrate that as people come to us, we engage them, we work with them, we cover that business, take care of their service as best we can and focus on execution, that business generally stays with us.
Mark Joslin: I mean, it's -- as you know, it's been a focus area for us for the last several years. It's one of my personal focus areas, and I think it's paid great dividends going forward. I think you -- it -- there are various parts of it, right? There is capacity creation within the facility, within our truck fleet and within labor productivity. I think we've gotten better. We are still not as consistent across the network as I would like. Meaning that there is still opportunity in this area, we see POOL360 for instance, in our BlueStreak application. We see those continuing to grow and add value for not only us, but for our customers as well. So I think it's a very, very important area for us and has paid great dividends and I don't think we are anywhere close to the end of what we can extract out of that focus.
Mark Joslin: Yes. That's a great question. And I was talking to several of our field folks over the last couple of weeks about that. And I'm encouraged by I heard several times from our folks that they -- our customers are adding labor and expanding their crews in many cases, which I think is going to expand capacity for the industry. And as you know labor has been the single biggest limiting factor on the industry growth over time. But I think given the how desirable this space is outdoor living and pools and patios and such, I think builders are growing more comfortable and more confident in the opportunity, and they're starting to add labor to their teams. Now, there hasn't been a step function increase in that yet. But I can tell you having been here for almost five years, that's not been a common thread that we see crews expanding. But I think what we've seen year-to-date this year are some very positive signs in that area.
Mark Joslin: Sure. Certainly, freight is an area of freight, fuel, as a component of that, typically that from an inbound freight perspective is captured in our cost of product line. From an outbound perspective, we actually have an advantage in this area and again, it's part of our capacity creation, and that most of our freight happens on our own fleet. So, by working on the things that we have done over the last couple of years, with truck utilization, smarter routing, better loading and such, we have been able to minimize some of the effects that have happened in the industry. Other areas, real estate is an issue that we all face and that the demand for warehouse space is going up. So every time we renew a lease, that's an area that is we're seeing inflation in as well. And there's always been or there has been of late some inflation on labor as well.
Mark Joslin: I'd be happy to. First of all, I think we'll be giving an update in September. We'll have investors -- and shareholders and we'll kind of go through our longer-term expectations and initiatives that we see. As Pete mentioned in his comment, one of the earlier questions, there's definitely been a step up in industry volume and activity. And as we look forward, I think there's more growth opportunity over the next several years from an industry perspective, then perhaps we've seen certainly, you look at pool construction and the acceleration there. And then the aging, the installed base and some of the factors, Pete mentioned about the long-term activities that should continue to drive demand in the pool industries. So I see us being fairly optimistic about the growth opportunity and our model will reflect that, not significantly, but some modest uptick there.
Mark Joslin: Well, I think that, that sounds like the question I addressed earlier. But certainly, in the short term, it's picked up. We've done a good job over time with maintaining stability. Some of what we see in the short term, may not continue long-term. But I think there's some opportunity to bring the margin level up from what it has been over the last couple of years. So that certainly will be an effort that will be focused on.
Mark Joslin: Yes, it's a little early to tell you exactly what I think the number is going to be next year, because this is the time of year when our manufacturers are trying to read the tea leaves as to what their inflation is and what they're going to pass along. I think by deconstruct what you said for a moment on the chemical side, I don't think the chemical situation will return to normal in my opinion until probably the third quarter, end of third quarter, fourth quarter of next year, because our information when the plan come back online, puts it out into the end of second quarter for a startup. So, by the time it has a meaningful impact on the industry, it will be later in the year. So from a chemical perspective, I don't see a whole lot of change in that area. From an equipment perspective, again, it's a little bit early, but if you ask me to call it right now, I would say that it's going to be above the normal, which for us, remember has been in the 1% range. And I'm pretty comfortable that it's going to be above that number for next year. But again, as the year goes on, as we normally do, we'll give you a much better read on that in future calls.
Mark Joslin: Yes. We actually have -- I think we have better visibility now than we ever have. And it's a result of a couple of things. Obviously, we have always had access to permit data, just like you all do. So it's one of the things that we tracked. But given the tightness of supply of the major components in pool construction, whereas in the past, there was plenty of inventory in the pipeline and builders didn't put a lot of orders in advance saying, hey, I'm going to need this product on this day. So, we have in order to make sure that we can accommodate their needs and that we have the equipment set on the day that they needed in the future or that we have the plaster there to deliver on the day that they're going to deliver, builders are sharing more information with us now about hey, these are the jobs I have in the pipeline. So, oftentimes when they go sell a job and get a contract, they're coming into us saying, okay, here's the job, that I sold, I'm going to need equipment, I'm going to need the plumbing kit here, the steel kit here and I'm going to need the equipment and finished kit on this date. So, one of the benefits of the situation that we're in is we do have better visibility to what the backlog is in the industry.
Mark Joslin: I think you got to consider like what could cause that. I mean, the builders have significant backlog in place, as we mentioned. And from a macro trend, people moving to the south, the work from home, those things are going to continue. Millennials entering the housing market, a strong housing market in terms of value, and frankly, people valuing having the backyard escape. So, frankly, I don't -- but for a major economic issue, I don't think that there is anything in the near term that would say, well, the 110,000, there's going to drop back down to 95,000. That's really not how we read the tea leaves today.
Mark Joslin: Well, yes, a little bit, I guess -- your question or your comment about gross and SG&A coming down, you're referring to SG&A as a percent of sales. SG&A is obviously --
Mark Joslin: …is growing businesses ground -- that people and the support added locations, facilities, vehicles and so our S&GA and obviously got up, it's come down as a percent of sales last couple of years. In part, I think I've mentioned this before, at some point, you know, leverage is easier when sales growth is higher. So we've had, obviously a great sales growth over the last year and this year. And that makes getting that SG&A leverage a little bit easier. But at the same time, you know, we've talked a lot about capacity creation initiatives, and those are things that we do throughout the organization to focus on getting more out of existing investments. And that is a big part of our operational initiatives. And we've made good progress there. We have more to come. We also paired back expenses during the pandemic initially. We talked about that last year. We're seeing some growth in those costs in gross and other costs areas, as Pete mentioned, things like leases and labor. Insurance is another area. And then, incentives, we talked about incentive costs were up substantially last year, we thought they'd be down this year, year-over-year. We talked about that earlier in the year, and in fact there is going be up. So those are a big component of the cost structure and should be coming down next year. Most likely, it'll be a tailwind for us. So a lot of different components there, I think that, if I look at our long-term model, I feel good about the opportunity to continue to provide operating leverage. And that is going to continue to be a big focus for us, which is in that kind of mid-teens plus area in terms of operating leverage we expect. So, I don't know if that covered both parts of your question, but that's kind of how we -- 
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question Dave. I think when you try and deconstruct the growth, we commented on the chemical volume, you're you zeroed in on a couple of things, the new construction going from 96,000. So, last year, new construction was up 26%. So, this year, we think the new number is going to be 110,000. So, when you have new pool construction that you're bringing into play a lot of different product groups, right. So, you're bringing in building materials, which from a year-over-year comp perspective, remember, the second quarter of last year, we had essentially little to no construction in many markets across the country because of restrictions due to COVID. So, that has certainly rebounded. So, we see that building materials or construction materials, product sales driving growth, and that's a function it's going into two places, right? It's going into remodel, which by far is the bigger portion of the market. I mean, a lot of folks, zero in on the new construction is new construction got to be 110,000, 112,000, 115,000 whatever. To me, that is -- it's all good, but the lion's share of the market and where we're seeing a lot of activity as well is in remodel. So, when I looked at the growth -- and one of the major drivers of our growth is A, the pools are being used more, right. So, just general maintenance equipment is a piece of that as technology, we're seeing more homeowners adopt or opt for technology or more high-tech products, smarter products, which is again driving the value of the ticket for us. And then when you do a remodel project, those can go from a few thousand dollars for a new piece of equipment two all the way up to resurfacing the pool and adding decks and patios around it, changing tiles, and changing structural features in the pool, all of which are very good. And again, the opportunity for that given the age of the install base is very good.
Peter Arvan: Yes. We're -- as I said, in the end -- towards the end of my comments, when I was sitting back, reflecting upon what is driving the numbers, and whether it is a short-term thing, or a longer-term trend when I started listing those out, which is why I purposely did it, there are several factors, as you mentioned, that change the outlook for our industry, and give us great confidence that the growth will continue that it wasn't just a COVID driven bubble.
Peter Arvan: Buildable days, particularly in the shoulder to the season that allows a more construction days, builder days.
Peter Arvan: And we said that there was a lot of repair that was done in the in the first quarter. And then due to equipment shortages, I think it's still going on. I think it's going to go on between now and year end, although at a much smaller pace than what we saw in the first quarter. So I think it's something that we'll see continued tailwinds on, albeit at a much smaller level than we saw in the first quarter.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think you got to break down the inflation and where it and how it impacts the business. So in terms of maintenance and repair, if you need a filter, you need a filter. And if you need a pump, you need a pump. And if it costs 5% more than it did last year, a, that's not typically for a pool owner an insurmountable amount. So it's nothing need say, well, I'm not going to change the filter, because it costs 5% more, I have to do it in order to keep the pool operating. So in terms of maintenance and repair, we see very little impact. Your question on inflation as it relates to construction is a little bit -- is a little bit different, because depending on the type of Pool construction. It can have a -- excuse me, a bigger impact on the total project. But one of the things that we have, you have to consider when you think that through is that most of the cost of a backyard project, whether it's a renovation or whether it's a new construction project. Most of that cost in most cases is labor, right? So in terms of, a material cost increase, and if there is inflation next year -- is again, what we think above normal. I don't think it will have a material impact on demand and somebody deciding that I am going to do the project, or I'm not given how the cost lays into the project.
Peter Arvan: So, as we've mentioned before, the way the way the rule is written, it says that, they can't make the pumps anymore, right? So they've now had to switch to only variable speed pumps, but the product that is in the pipeline can be sold. I guess, fortunately, for us, in this case, there isn't a lot of inventory left in the pipeline. So we think that, we'll start to see the benefits this year, and then we should essentially see the full benefit next year in terms of what the opportunity is. So it's a gift given the shortages in this case, it basically -- it pulls that in. But you also have to consider the seasonality too. And the impact on us is earlier in the year, right? So, during the peak season -- so most of the effect that you would see, I wouldn't look for a meaningful bump in 2021, I think you're going to see it in 2022.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Our goal on stock outs is to be at less than 5%, right, that's been the goal that we've been chasing -- excuse me -- for many years. And we in terms of our attention to it, and weighting of it as a business, we actually put much more emphasis on it during the peak season than we do on the shoulders of the season. So we do kind of a weighted average in our measurement. So, the goal is 5%. On some products, it is higher than that. And I would say, overall, obviously, because of the shortage is the number has come up. And it really varies by location. And it varies by product.
Peter Arvan: Meaningful, so it is -- we take -- we treat every one of those knockout situations as a really bad situation. So to us, they're all very meaningful. Because anytime that occur -- and says, hey, do you have something? And I have to say no. But now you know, we look at the system. And we can tell the customer hey, here's what it is. Here's what it is scheduled to arrive, so that we can coordinate with the customer on what and provide an expectation. In some areas that's been very challenging on the chemical side, because we certainly don't have the same visibility as we do on the equipment side. So it is elevated. And I would tell you, in some cases, it could be some crazy products that can be approaching 10%. And but by and large, I would say the increase is slightly above the 5% target that we have established.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So we have taken share, as I mentioned, we think we've taken in three to four points of share this year. And that's based on the fact that, in a particular market we have in most markets. We have multiple locations. So if I don't have it in one location, I may have it in another. I mean, the irony of the situation that we're in now is that, we use that to benefit our customers, but it is creating a lot more work for our teams. I mean, I can't express how hard our teams are working to do what we do in a tight, constrained environment. Because they are having to move product from one location to another, and to coordinate deliveries and really look very specifically at what days people need things, so that we get product to them. This is where we separate ourselves though, because in most markets we're the only ones that have multiple locations, and nobody has as many locations as we do. Nobody has the buying power to place the orders as big as we do in the beginning anyway. So we're doing that, we're working very hard to make sure that we can take care of the customers, and certainly, it's creating a benefit for us, and I think it benefit for the customers as well.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. Before we disconnect, I would just like to take a moment to thank Mark for his 17 years of dedicated service to Pool Corp. His leadership, technical knowledge and passion for the business have contributed greatly to our success over the years. Since I joined the company five years ago, Mark has been a valued partner, and I've often benefited from his experience and advice. He also has done well to trends to ensure a smooth transition for Melanie as she has seamlessly prepared to step into the CFO role for Pool Corp. We wish Mark well as he transitions into his next phase of life. He will certainly be missed here at Pool Corp. Finally, as a reminder, we look forward to sharing our third quarter results on October 21, of 2021. So please mark your calendars. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
