Mark Joslin: Ryan, I must have missed my calling in sales. I think I’ve oversold the reduction in SG&A expenses. I’m not sure – if you take The Street’s numbers and baked them into our results, we would have actually had to have a decline, which was certainly not the expectation. But the main focus was a shift in our bonus expense throughout the year, where we added expense earlier in the year and lowered it later in the year. And that resulted in a reduction in the fourth quarter of around $2.5 million. But otherwise, expenses came in right in line with our expectations. And so with the softer sales still, I think the contribution that we got from expenses was very good, 3% growth in base business operating expenses. So that, for us, is a very good result, and there’s really nothing of significance. Yes, there’s a few things up here and there, but nothing pretty significant that was missed.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I think the 100 basis points is a reasonable expectation. Similar to the fourth quarter, it might be a little bit better than that with the shift in early buy. We’re going to have to wait and see how that plays out. But in that range, we won’t be far off.
Mark Joslin: Really, nothing on the guidance in terms of baked-in conservatism. We’re really pretty much in line with our long-term guidance. The range that we have is kind of lower teens on the bottom and mid – upper teens on the top, with the midpoint right around mid-teens, which is right in line with our long-term guidance range in our investor presentation, so no – nothing, in particular, different in 2019. Pete, I don’t know if you have additional.
Mark Joslin: Yes. No, Dave, thanks for bringing that up. That’s very true. As you say, the expenses don’t go away. Many of our costs are fixed. Obviously, we have some variables, but there’s a – the majority of them are fixed. So when you lose a billing day, the – you’re paying – still paying salaries, you’re paying warehouse leases and vehicle depreciation, all those things, but the sales do go away. So one day out of a quarter – and it depends on when that day is. Early in the fourth quarter – October is our biggest month of the quarter. And so when you lose a day there, that’s roughly 1.5% of the sales for the quarter. And that’s similar to this first quarter, which we lose March, the biggest month of the first quarter. And then that comes back in September, which is the lowest month of the third quarter. So thank you for mentioning that. That’s a very good comment.
Mark Joslin: Yes. So you mentioned consensus, talking about The Street numbers. But I would say our expectation for 2019 – first of all, 2018 came in a little bit below our expectation from the sales results due to a shortened season. So the expectation for 2019 starts with normal weather year. So we gain a little bit from that, and then we also have inflation, which, as Pete said, 2% incremental over normal inflation. So that gets us to sales expectations a couple of percent higher than what we had for 2018.
Mark Joslin: I’m trying not to choke on the last part of that. We haven’t gotten there in terms of our thinking, the tax on capital deployment. But yes, to your first point about 2019 being a higher share – I’m sorry, a higher cash-generation year because of the purchases we did last year, that’s certainly the case. But it doesn’t change our capital deployment in any way, which is long term in nature and starts with investing everything we can in the business, including acquisitions; and then dividends. We will continue to grow our dividends over time with earnings growth. And then we’re keeping leverage in a comfortable – very comfortable range of that 1.5x to 2x, which gives us investment grade. Then we’re buying back shares. So that’s the basic capital deployment model. No changes there. CapEx is a part of that as well. And no big changes in our CapEx from 2018 to 2019, so roughly 1% – 1.25%, 1.5% of sales, something in that range, $40 million, $50 million. So no big changes expected next year.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Just in terms of dollar estimate, I think we – the impact was in the $8 million to $10 million range, our estimate of weather impact on Q4 results.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, 2018, we’re still kind of going through the specifics on that, but we continue to make progress on private label. As you may recall, we have private label products in a number of different segments of the business, so chemicals, there are some cleaners. There are various white goods or parts that we sell private label. There’s a pool – packaged pool brands, above-ground pool. So there’s a whole host of different things that we do private label products in, and those generally have higher margins when you look at the margin contribution of those products. And just private label and exclusive products, we also have a number of exclusive areas where we have relationships with vendors that believe that we do a great job of getting their products to market. And so those things have progressed in different levels of progression for different product categories. So I’m not prepared to give specifics on that here, but it continues to do well. And we expect that to be a contributor going forward.
Mark Joslin: Anthony, I had that in my call comments, and I took it out. I said, well, too much detail. I have so many other things to cover. If you’re desperate for the number, we can give that to you – get back to you afterwards.
Mark Joslin: Yes. So the preliminary numbers for new pool construction for the year is – we think it’s going to come in at about 80,000 pools, up from roughly 75,000 from a year earlier. And again, with the constraints on weather, the backlog continued to build as the remodel work got pushed back. So most of the builders that I’ve spoken to, and I’ve spoken to many in the last several months, say that the same factors still are at play. Labor for them, trying to get the subs is extremely difficult with unemployment levels being what it is. Every day that they can’t work simply pushes back the backlog. So with the wet weather that we had in Texas in the fourth quarter, there is a fairly large backlog. And the permit count in those areas is actually very good. So from that perspective, everybody is optimistic with what the year is going to look like, again, assuming that the weather doesn’t crash things. But for the most part, everybody is very optimistic.
Mark Joslin: I’ll start, and Pete, if you want – have anything you want to add, feel free. So 2% price is basically our expectation based on all of the vendor price changes that would have been communicated to us over the last 6 months and which really, by now, have all been rolled into our pricing in the marketplace. And kind of bigger part of our business, as you know, is really on equipment side. The equipment accounts for roughly 30% or so of our total sales. And those equipment carriers saw some of the bigger price increases, but we also saw increases in other different pool components. And in some areas, there weren’t a lot of increase, some of the commodities that we sell. So when you average that altogether and look at what normal inflation is over the last several years, it’s been very modest, in the 1% to 20% range. And so looking at 2% greater than that historic 1% to 2% equation, which is kind of baked into our expectations for 2019.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I don’t want to get too specific on kind of bottom line results, if you will, or expectations for the quarter. But certainly, the $20 million, $30 million – and by the way, that’s not just Easter. That’s also a billing day, as I said, one billing day in the quarter, and this is March. That’s around 1.5% of sales expectation, somewhere in the $600 million range. So that itself gives you $9 million, $10 million. So if you take the sales out – and we’ve already commented on margins likely being 100 plus basis points. SG&A, there’s a lot of fixed cost, fixed in the short term. And so certainly, profitability year-over-year is not going to be – profitability growth is certainly not going to be high in the first quarter
Mark Joslin: Well, there’s two components to it. One is the interest on debt. So we ended the year with higher debt, with higher inventory levels, and interest rates are up year-over-year. So that’s the headwind that we faced on interest on debt. And then, as we lower our inventory and bring debt down in the second half of the year, then we should get some pick up there. And I mentioned the swap valuation change. That hurt us in the comparison for the fourth quarter. I expect that in the first quarter as well. And then that essentially goes away, based on what we know today, in, call it, the second quarter and the rest of the year. So a number of different moving parts there for a relatively minor line in our P&L, but it will be a headwind at least in the first quarter; and to a little bit lesser extent, in the second quarter. And I feel good about that in third and fourth quarter.
Peter Arvan: The only thing we baked in differently was the inflation for the first part of the year – or for the year. But if you look at the rest of the drivers of our growth, they’re basically the same; new pool construction, recovery of the remodel, share gains. It’s basically the same set of numbers stepped up for the incremental inflation for the year.
Peter Arvan: So in Q4, we mentioned it was particularly wet, particularly cold. So Texas, a very important market for us. And if you remember, the weather in Texas got very cold and very wet, and that rain pretty much extended all the way through to the East Coast, which are very good markets for us. Arizona was fine. Arizona was a normal weather pattern. I would tell you that California was more normal. But remember, last year was actually really good. It was very hot, very dry in most of California. So from a comp perspective, it made for a tough comp. And in Florida, that’s the – which also, by the way, impacted Texas as well. It’s – their comps were tough because of the recovery from the hurricanes, so there was a lot of activity last year. So all in all, not bad, considering. And when I look at permit activity in the fourth quarter, permit activity was actually pretty good in the space where we have visibility.
Peter Arvan: So our total electronic platform is about 11%, and POOL360 is about 70% of that. And the POOL360 number is the one we’re most pleased with. From a growth perspective, that’s in the 24% to 25% range.
Peter Arvan: I think we’re about – we look at it as about a 10% share business today, and there won’t be a big step function. It will be like everything else, every other product category that we bring on. We bring it on, we spread it through the network. That business for us grew at about 11% last year. We would continue to – we expect to see that continue to grow at rates faster than the overall business. So our share – we’ll continue to gain share every year in that category for the, at least, near term.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Adding a little more to what Mark said. On the equipment side, which is 30% to 33% of our business, somewhere in that range, those numbers were the larger ones. We saw 5% to 6% increases on some of those products. But chemicals were more stable in the 1% to 2% range. So when you roll all that through with many of the items we saw no increases on, that’s where the – that’s how we get to the incremental 2%.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean just – again, I’ll answer your questions from my perspective. Yes, the concerns about housing are primarily around new homes and what’s happening in that market, which really has little impact on our business. Home selling prices are still high, and that – average sales prices for existing homes are high. And so people sitting on home equity feels good about that. They also feel good about the general economic conditions, and they’re employed. Obviously, very low unemployment. And that drives a lot of the remodeling spending, which has been a big part of our growth over the last several years. So we haven’t seen any change in the trajectory there other than what’s been driven by weather. Demand seems strong. And really looking at it by market, not a lot of differences there when you factor weather out. So fairly consistent, Ken. If you look – if we look at our building material sales, we said that they were up for the year about 11%. Fourth quarter building material sales were also up about 11%.
Peter Arvan: Sure. I mean, remember, the hallmark of the company has been organic growth, organic growth, and that won’t change. Organic growth is driven by a couple of areas. It’s driven by tapping a value proposition that is better than your competitors, so we’re certainly focused on that. But to keep up with that, given the escalating cost that we have on labor and transportation and real estate and purchased services, you have to have things in place that can help mitigate the impact on that part of the business. For us, we’re focused on a couple of areas. One, you see the results we have with POOL360. So we’re working very hard to make that an even bigger part of our business. Two, I would tell you that we’re spending a fair amount of time with our warehouse procedures and making modifications to the layout and some minor changes in the equipment that we used to make us more efficient and help offset some of the inflation that we have. We’re also looking at merchandising our counters a little bit better. Because if you think about – about 70% of our business from a transaction perspective happens at the counter. So we have tremendous traffic in our counters every day, and I think we can do things with how we utilize that space to make them more productive. And I guess the last thing I would tell you, a big focus area for us, is transportation, obviously, and looking at ways to do more market-based transportation, and we’re measuring and driving truck utilization. All of those things, I think, will just keep us in line with the progress that we make, which is improving the operating leverage of the business every year. So none of them in and of themself are step-function changes. They will simply allow us to keep pace with how the business has historically performed, becoming more efficient every year.
Peter Arvan: Sure. It was – we closed in mid-January. There’s four locations in the Northeast; a couple in Pennsylvania, one in Huntington Valley and one in Harrisburg. We don’t have a presence in Harrisburg. We don’t have a presence in Harrisburg, so good strategic moves for us up there adding a location. Also, we acquired a location in Raleigh, which is another very strong market for us with a lot of growth potential and growth. And then the last one was in Virginia Beach or Norfolk area. Again, a good market for us, where we see continued growth prospects. So it strategically aligned very well with us because it’s in the sweet spot of the – of our blue business. From a revenue perspective, it’s in the $40 million range top line impact on the business this year. From bottom line, as you know, it is typically limited. When we do an acquisition, it usually takes us a couple of years to bring them in line with traditional operating results for POOLCORP branches. So I wouldn’t expect a ton on the bottom line this year, but going forward, we think it will be a very good acquisition for us.
Peter Arvan: Yes. The way I would characterize Europe is our team has been very focused over the last several years on improving our operations every year. So we had a very strong year in Europe this year. Primarily, we were the beneficiary of some of very, very good weather. It was an extremely good weather year in Europe, and our team was able to capitalize on that. So no strategic change with our outlook internationally. We’ll continue to grow that as we do the rest of the business. But it was a very, very good year. Couple of reasons. The team executed exceptionally well, and the weather pattern for them was very, very good.
