Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. In terms of the 2018 season after a slow start in March and April activity reverted to expected levels since then, with the main constraint being customer capacity and reduced workdays due to higher rainfall in selected markets. We are expecting ongoing growth in the fourth quarter as demand remains strong with builder customers presently working on 2019 contracts. As mentioned in previous calls, we were expecting greater and earlier than normal manufacturer price increases in 2018 given materials and operating cost pressures. Those increases have largely been communicated and are being passed on through the channel. While the impact will be felt primarily in 2019, given the late 2018 season timing, there will be some impact on sales and noise on gross margins in the fourth quarter of 2018 and early 2019. For 2018, the bottom-line impact should be fairly new, but it should add to our sales in 2019 and beyond. As I look at our business we are stronger and better across the board. Our ongoing investments in people, facilities, product lines, fleet, technology, marketing, and service continues to separate us in the marketplace which has enabled us to consistently grow market share and through ongoing improvements in execution also increase our operating margin and ROIC. As I close my prepared remarks for my 80th and last quarterly earnings call, it's important to recognize all of the individuals in the investment community that have contributed to our success with your questions and perceptions which ultimately led us to challenge ourselves to becoming a progressively better company. Of course, our people are the heart of our business and its they that have generated our success each and every day. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pete for his business commentary.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay, that two hurricanes one we just had in October, Michael hitting the panhandle of Florida and then Florence that hit the Carolinas, both were destructive but given the timing of the year, given the size of those markets, the overall impact when you factor in the overall company it's fairly mute. No big impact, I mean did it impact us, yes but for example the rains in Texas as an example although wildfires in California impacted us more in the third quarter than Florence did.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, you should not be worried first of all. The increases have been announced, communicated and are largely now effective on the part of the manufacturers certainly on the equipment side, they've been effective now for one to two months, one to two-and-a-half months. And we have been contacting those on, so the noise here is that as Mark indicated we buy into these price increases depending on the velocity of the individual SKU, depending on the amount of the increase, and another considerations, we determine how far we buy into an SKU level. And therefore the noise is what we do vis-à-vis what others do in the marketplace. Typically the order of magnitude of these increases are less than they were this past couple of months and therefore the impact is negligible. Here there maybe a little bit of a pickup in gross margin in the fourth quarter and first quarter which is when Mark talks about getting back to flat margins for the year as our expectations is that we'll have a little bit of a pickup in the fourth quarter from these inventory gains on the fact that we bought into these increases and will have a little bit of a benefit as well in the first quarter.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. It’s a big for example in equipment certain product categories and equipment have gone up, several percent more than normal. In other product categories, pricing is flat or maybe down. So I would say that at this juncture for 2018 collectively, the price increases will be in the normal 1% to 2% range and given the timing of the impact of the increases that have just been communicated and we are passing through, it will still round down to probably 1% for the year. In terms of next year, the expectations at this juncture is that overall price increases will be roughly 2% more than normal, so that will certainly affect our sales growth and your model, when you do that for 2019.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, let me just take it by my segment maintenance and repair is very consistent and that will grow in the normal course both driven by the growth in the installed base a little bit of inflation a little more than normal inflation in 2019 and then our share. Remodel and replace again there are some discretion there, not a lot; depending on some elements there replacement is easier from a labor standpoint than remodel or take up less labor fortunately. So that is going to continue doing well and again same pattern. When you look at new Pool construction which is the one that has the biggest labor constraint issues which we've talked about for a number of calls that is -- that's going to factors this year together with lost days because of weather but certainly been a factor this year for the fact that new Pool construction being roughly flat year-on-year. It isn't because of demand. Demand is extremely strong and if you were to call a handful of builders in your market to get a quote on building a new Pool, I'd be surprised if you get more than two calls back out of the five you make. And those two will probably give you a date sometime in 2019. So the demand is very strong, so it's no -- there's no issue whatsoever with the demand. The fundamental issue is capacity that is a constraint that affects everything contractor trade certainly effects home builders, new home builders, when I looked at the numbers they were just reported earlier in the week that caused all this market dynamic here for anybody tied to home construction some of that was noise given the last work days. And the fact that just pushes out everything including purpose. And then the other reality there is that labor is extremely tight and that is a constraint to our customers in their ability to be able to try to satisfy all the demand that they have in front of it.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: And just for color and I think we talked about it last time for our hourly for the lion of share of our hourly employees and some other management employees. In the case of the hourly employees we shifted their bonus programs from quarterly to the major five months of the year. And that's that was -- that's the main impact that Mark is alluding to and we shifted a small portion of some of the management staff also from quarterly to the five months of the year, so therefore what that does is just the shaft and basically where as in prior years we were recognized that piece of the incentive comp every quarter basically there's no or very little of that in the first and fourth and it's all focused on the second and to a lesser degree third.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Not at all. And just for context when you go back in the history of this industry going back to the 1960s when there were changes in interest rates that had no impact on the demand for Ingram Pools. Just like for history there is no GDP didn't impact demands unemployment didn’t impact demand, the only thing that impact demands most severely was two factors one was the decline in single family home values that happened 10, 11 years ago --
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, 11 years ago. And second was the financing markets not being available. So even when interest rates were well into the teens back in the late 70s or 80s that did not deter the ongoing growth of new Pool construction then. Because financing was available albeit at those levels. I frankly believe that and this may be a little bit counterintuitive, but I think that higher interest rates within reason not to go from five to 15% but interest rates at 6%, 7%, 8% from a Pool standpoint are fine because it is what it will do, it will attract more lenders to a market. That has been stay on the sidelines because didn't get the returns on lending given what the interest rates were.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: I think will continue on what we, what we've done in the past if you look back historically we would open four to six centers a year and I think you'll continue to see that going forward and acquisitions of course are something that we look at all the time and when we find one that is -- that fits then we're certainly in a position to execute on those but we continue to look all the time. 
Manny Perez de la Mesa: It would be when you look at the overall numbers fairly diluted right because there are a lot of product categories that are operating in the normal course. So I would just say context for the year it will be a little bit of a benefit in the fourth quarter and obviously holocausts on a year-on-year basis for the year and maybe get us from the down 0.1 to the hopefully down to flat year-on-year that's the kind of a somewhat of the expectation. And then when you look at the first quarter of next year again there will be a little bit of benefit in the first quarter but when you look at the full-year, it's going to be fairly diluted and probably more looking that flat year-on-year by the time year is done.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Nothing to worry about just some jumbling again. Most of the products we sell have a fair amount of value add and although there is certainly raw materials that go into the equation nothing to that order of magnitude its get diluted in the overall package. So but there are some and then in the overall part of the business let’s say 1-ish, 2% of our business a little bit of 1% of our business where the value add is not as great and therefore there would be more of a direct impact and like everything else we would if that in fact happening and the drop -- and drop day happens we will buy into that price increase or the tariff in that particular case as we should based on the velocity and based on the price increase or tariff increase and everything else.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure, we look at it two ways Garik one way is from an absolute number $0.20 represents a 2%, 3% on both sides of the midpoint. And second the -- what's still open is how well the weather holds up so our customers involved in new construction, renovation, and replacement how long they're able to work and you can basically look at it from this standpoint if the season were to shutdown today we probably going to be near the low end. If the season is normal will be more like toward the midpoint and if you can be out there without a sweater on in New York City and on Christmas Day we're probably going to be at the high end.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Again the impact is not just unique to those one-off the hurricanes but it's just across the board. I mean labor is very tight and you probably hear that from other -- from other companies where they are directly employing labor in our case a distributor, we're selling to our customers that are working to attract labor and keep labor in order to grow and build their businesses. So that's really the main constraint and that's not a new constraint but when you have weather impact, it just pushes everything little bit further back.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Arizona they didn’t have any weather issues, so there was less inhibitors from a weather standpoint to enable our contract with customers to meet demands together with our naturally growing share. And in terms of chemicals, there was some catch-up in the third quarter from the second quarter of the year.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The expectation is that the gross margin percents will remain intact and the contribution margins will be in tact albeit on modestly higher numbers.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So, thank you, Ken. If you go back to 2006 and you look at the makeup of the products that we sold and where they went, at that time 35% to 40% of our sales were tied to new Pool construction. And then the remainder were reasonably split a little bit more for maintenance and repair and then remodel and replacement. So the dynamics there is that 35% to 40% is now between 13% and 15% of our business. So and that's the one that is most exposed from a discretionary standpoint as Mark mentioned earlier from an industry standpoint, we're still running about 65%, 70% below 2005, 2006 new Pool build volumes. So the market really hasn't recovered because of the things you talked about, the financing market is not being as open at any interest rate to lending for home improvement like they were historically pre-2008 before the regulations came on and had a significant dampening effect on that. Together with the fact that there was the decline of single-family home values which essentially recovered plus. But I think at this juncture, the main constraints are the financing markets as well as the lack of available labor for contactor customers to be able to build those Pools it's very, there's no crystal ball here but I would say that this year domestically the industry is going to have like 75,000 new Ingram Pools built. Given some of the comments we get from our customers that number could easily probably be north of 100,000, so it's not a demand issue whatsoever. But in context to your question and overall business it's simply a matter of mix with a much smaller percentage of our total business being subject you to that level of discretion and therefore and even then there's other factors that tell me that the adverse impact even in a normal recession would be fairly new on that sector.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: That's a very good question very perceptive question because certainly third-party freight rates have gone up in the mid-teens from a market standpoint. We pass those on and certainly there's no competitive pressures everywhere but given that the cost inputs are the same for our competitors there's no way that anybody could eat that and absorb that and so that those are generally passed on the marketplace.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, that’s another very good question. We have just for color and context approximately 9% of our sales are outside the United States. That’s primarily weighted towards Western Europe and Canada as well as Australia. That’s -- those are long-term investments we consider those markets to be markets we should be and in fact when you look at as an example Europe given proportionately smaller installed base in the U.S. the organic growth in Europe is from an industry standpoint as wants to present better than the United States more like from a proportionate standpoint it was in the U.S. back in the 80s and 90s. And part two is we continued to grow share in those markets and in fact our organic growth on the profitability side is very strong internationally. So very important but it's all part of a certain discipline and we're not going to just do things and jump on bandwagon because a particular economy is hot mean there are countries that we have looked on would looked at and passed on because of our longer term view of things and weighing things in a risk weighted basis, so I think you're going to see growth at may be a fraction higher but when you look at that being 9% of our sales could it be 10% of our sales in three to five years yes it's going to be 20% of our sales in three to five years I strongly doubt it.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well in the last downturn from a market share standpoint it worked out well for us because our ability to serve our customers was not impeded whatsoever by the downturn and some of our competitors certainly were impeded, so that enabled us to have a further separation in terms of our level of service. The fact that we continued to invest in a number of tools and programs during the downturn that further served to distinguish ourselves. I think I don't know that we necessarily will be opening up our checkbook and buying guys up. During the next downturn I agree with the pieces that were much well positioned than anybody else as we have been historically as we are today and will continue to grow share doing a downturn. But I do see that opportunistically I rather grow organically the general capital there is a factor or better and the acquisitions do provide some speed and sometimes in some cases an entry into a market that otherwise we would take us longer to build a presence in. But I'd say the bottom-line yes my better than our competition yes grow share faster but I would say the only twist there is the lion of share of that growth would be organic.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you all for joining us today. Our next call will be on Valentine's Day, February 14, mark your calendars when Pete and Mark will discuss our full-year 2018 results. Thank you all very much.
Mark Joslin: Sure in the Green business we said that the organic growth was 7% and then in the Blue business we said it was 8% to 9% within the quarter.
Mark Joslin: Yes, there's been a natural progression manufactures in the swimming pool sector realize the number of years ago that the Internet channel while certainly provided another vehicle for pool owners to buy certain Do-It-Yourself products very limited number of SKUs really applied. We're concerned about some people buying items online and not doing the installations properly as an example. And to that end virtually all of them have over the course of time changed warranty policies to acknowledge the fact that could pool owners like me should be trying to put in a pump and I've never tried to do that myself personally or change a heater and blow up a house in the meantime and I haven't done that either, so therefore it becomes their very legitimate concerns they have altered warranty policies. They have come out now it’s been about four, five years with products equipment specifically but products in general that have been specific for the trade, professional trade, and Zodiac made the natural next step in that progression which is say, hey look we're selling very few over the internet channel it's a constant hassle we have issues with pool owners that are offset because they believe that they can buy a pump and then when it's all said and done they have to return it because they installed it wrong or the guy that they the handyman they hired to put it in didn't know what he was doing. So it just -- it was just too much noise too much disruption didn't creating value any anything good for the industry, so they took -- taken the next natural step and I commend them for being the first one. They were the first one on doing the number of these things and they continued to be the first ones in this initiative as well.
Mark Joslin: I don’t have that specifically the FX was really no impact on the quarter so the rate changes occurred was called early in the second quarter and then kind of settled out there. On the new locations we do acquisitions, base business versus acquired that’s in a table in the back of the press release and there is a little bit of additional impact from new locations that we don't break out there but that was relatively small so most of that you'll see in the back. And then the other piece was really on changes to our incentive plans which impacted timing of recognition not so much the total expense. For the year we are down a little bit year-over-year which really in the incentive compensation which was really the third quarter and then will be down again a little bit more in the fourth quarter as I mentioned so that will be helpful for us as we look to increase our expense leverage and grow our operating margin in the fourth quarter to getting back up in that range that I mentioned in the 20 to 40 basis points for the year.
Mark Joslin: So one additional point is that just keep in mind we're still 60% below what we consider to be kind of normalized level Pool construction somewhere in the 75,000 Pools a year so they're relatively small part of the business today.
Mark Joslin: No independent events. We have a lot of -- fortunately we have a lot of financing, financial capacity and we could very well have done both. But as many of you know we have a price rid repurchase price grid for share repurchase and when the price is above that grid temporarily we were on the sidelines then it when it falls into that grid, were fine within the parameters that are allowed under the repurchase rules. So it was just a little bit above our grid and then when it started coming in we started buying.
