Melanie Hart: Yes. So if you look at it, we were originally at 4% to 5%, it kind of included in that 17% to 19% guidance. And so we believe we lost a little bit to weather in Q2 as well as we've updated for Europe. As we go through the year, when we updated the guidance for first quarter, we kind of reiterated that the overall range for the year would be similar to what we had originally indicated, recognizing that we had higher growth on that in Q1. And so the 2 other factors that play into that is when we look at Q3, we will have 1 less selling day. And then also when we get to Q4, the overall expectation for inflation for the year at 10% to 11% will be less in the fourth quarter because we'll be lapping some of those costs that were already embedded in the prior year numbers for fourth quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So we haven't seen a significant change other than Europe is having a heat wave. So we've seen a little bit favorable promise in the weather over in Europe. But overall, when we updated our guidance for the full year, what we do expect Europe to be down and be a contributor to that from a volume standpoint. But as we look at the rest of the business, July activity is coming in pretty much in line with June. And so it looks like a lot of the unfavorable weather that we saw in April is behind us. We're doing this call for the rest of the quarter. But we're hoping that -- hoping up being remain warm and dry, and we have a good weather for the third quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. No. So we do still -- looking at the comparable from last year, we had that significant growth, so the 240 and 260 basis points. And so we will expect those margins to kind of moderate off of those levels, but certainly be well above the 2020 levels.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So if you look at the breakout between the variable and fixed cost. It's primarily about 50-50. And we take a look at the -- when we look at compensation, we consider that to be a component of the variable piece. And then as we look at the incentive comp that is included in the current numbers with the higher growth that we've seen, if and when we return to kind of that relative normal growth, we would expect the compensation expense to decrease by about $30 million.
Melanie Hart: Okay. It's two items. So first of all, as it relates to our capacity creation initiatives that we focus on, we know that as we continue to roll that out to additional sales centers as we continue to expand what we're doing in those areas that we continue to work and operate more effectively. And so we can push more volume growth through the sale centers based on the model that we have in place. The other component that is probably the one item that kind of moved significant individually is going to be the reference to the performance-based compensation that the additional dollars that are included in the current expense line at a kind of a normalized level within our 6% to 9% long-term organic growth would be about $30 million less than where it is currently.
Melanie Hart: So we -- as we look at those two different components, really, as you look at mix, we look at that in two different pieces. So some of the mix is kind of on the traditional products where we can see that we're selling more of certain products. So in particular, the individual quarters when we call out, we're building material growth is higher than growth for the quarter, chemical growth, those types of things. But as you look at -- the other way that we look at it is the gross margin dollar impact. And so that as it relates to a lot of the variable fee pumps, the LED lighting, and really that more automated -- those automated products that are coming out and more readily available, certainly than they were several years ago. We see the increase in sales activity in those particular products. That is actually driving a significant portion of the gross margin dollar increases.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We look at that by market. And so the other competitor that when we look at the share gains, is when we go back and reference the number of greenfields that we've opened as part of every greenfield opening, the expectation there is that we're continuing to capture market share. And so that is one of the strategic purposes behind opening those new locations. So the expansion of the -- kind of our overall share gains are -- have been very favorable, but we've done that through our increased investments. And then also our focus on serving the new customers that have come to us looking for the products. And so with that, we focus on the options that we have, in particular, our B2B software, the POOL360 that some of our competitors don't have and making sure that those relationships are sticky as we go forward.
Peter Arvan: Sure. What we're hearing from the builders right now is, as I said in my prepared comments, that backlogs are smaller, which is to be expected given the flurry of activity during the pandemic. I need to pool on pull right now, right now, right now. But I think what people sometimes don't understand is because backlogs are smaller, it doesn't translate into less work being done. So the builders that we talk to on a -- obviously, on a daily basis are still very busy. There's still plenty of work out there for new pool construction. And as I mentioned, the renovation and remodel project backlog is also very strong. I think one of the biggest contributing factors to that is from a renovation and remodel perspective, frankly, and new construction is housing values. So housing values are strong. So although housing sales may be flattening out because of the rising interest rates, everybody that has a home today that purchased it in the last several years is setting on a tremendous amount of equity as the home values have appreciated. So that makes the likelihood of investing in the home, whether it's the addition of accrual or renovating and remodeling a pool that's already there very good. And that's essentially the feedback that we're getting from builders. So there's the installed base of pools, which as you know, is in excess of $5.3 million, most of which has very little technology on it, right? So there's nothing there yet. Most -- especially newer homeowners are looking for a connected backyard and experience to be similar to the way the inside of your home operates. Additionally, when you look at the age of the installed base of pools, being in the approximately 25 years across North America, it shows that there is a -- when you look at the timing on when those pools were built, it shows that there is a lot of pools that are in need of and will be in need of modernization and update. So whether our builders are building new pools or whether they are remodeling and renovating, they are busy and the guidance that we're getting from them is that they will stay busy. Now having said that, as I mentioned, the leads have slowed. So -- but that doesn't translate into, hey, we're going to build less pools. In fact, I would tell you the biggest limiting factor on new pool construction right now is weather. During the second quarter, which is prime building pool starts, especially in the upper Midwest and through the Northeast, that's prime time for to get projects started in Canada as well. New pool constructions are behind in those areas because the weather was not conducive to construction, especially early in the quarter. So most of our builders in those areas, it's -- they're behind in the number of units that they've constructed, but they're not behind in the amount of work that they have. Now how many of those are completed in the 2022 season really is going to be a function, as you know, of the shoulders of the season, right? There's more surplus capacity typically in the first and fourth quarter that will dictate how many pools actually get done. So although it's too soon with only six months into the year to tell you how many pools, I think, are going to get built, I think that will largely depend on the amount of buildable days that exist between now and year-end.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean we had -- we mentioned that our share repurchase program this year has been very strong. And it's strong because we have tremendous confidence in the company and in the industry and we look at the price and say it's a very attractive price, and we're a buyer. We were granted an additional authorization by the Board which we've taken advantage of, as Melanie mentioned, and we still have additional authorization left, which we will continue to use. The rest of our capital allocation model is really unchanged. We have always been very disciplined in how we deploy capital, whether it is for expansion and greenfields and operating the business, whether it's new trucks, new facilities. We increased our dividend program. We're still active in the M&A market, although I don't know that there's any big deals out there that would consume a tremendous amount of cash. And then there's the share buyback. And as Melanie mentioned, we believe that as we bring down inventories between now and year-end that our free cash flow is going to be tremendous this year. And with that, we will take advantage of the opportunities that we're giving.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. So Europe, we said on a constant currency basis, Europe is down 8%, and that comps off of a very, very, very strong quarter, second quarter and year that they had last year. So the European market is strong. There's about five million pools across Europe. They are different pools than they are in North America. They tend to be smaller pools with less features and less automation because the real estate that surrounds most homes in Europe tends to be smaller than what you find in North America. Having said that, there still is a nice opportunity. But as I mentioned, Europe had some tremendous headwinds this year. First, it started with the war and the uncertainty that, that creates on the continent, it's kind of crazy to think about in 2022 that we have another war in Europe, but there is a war in Europe that is on people's minds number one. Number two, you would compound that with tremendous inflation on energy and frankly, uncertainty on energy prices, which makes the inflation even worse. And that extends on to food and other basic items in Europe, which is on people's mind. And then lastly, if that's not enough for the Europeans to contend with, their weather this spring or through the second quarter was just dreadful. What I'm very encouraged with, though, is that when the heat waves, the heat don't that is over in North America that is now extended into Europe when that hit, we saw an immediate reversal of the sales trend in Europe, and sales picked up nicely. So we are very encouraged. We are very -- we are very excited about the future prospects in Europe, but we're having to work through some market dynamics that we hadn't anticipated. However, our team in Europe is rock solid. Our management team knows what to do. They're operating the business appropriately. And as I mentioned, we are no less optimistic about the future in Europe than we were before. We think we have a tremendous opportunity to continue to grow and take share and bring new products to the market.
Peter Arvan: Yes. From a transitory inflation, it's actually a very small portion of our business. I made the point in my comments that most of the inflation that we have seen from our suppliers on products is structural. With labor being a huge component in everything that our manufacturers make. And with the increase in labor cost, that translates likely into what we believe to be a permanent price level. I don't see a scenario where for the vast majority of our business, we're going to see any deflation. Having said that, there are a couple of items in our inventory, whether it's rebar or whether it's PVC pipe, where we -- there are more commodity in nature. So obviously, less labor more raw material and commodity pricing driven, where there could be some movement, but it represents such a small portion of our inventory that it's really not anything that we contemplate. And it's a small portion of the inventory in dollars and just the percentage of the inventory in total is so small that even if it swings one way or the other, I don't really see that happening. As it relates to oversupply of inventory, I think what happened is last year, when you had hang-ups in the supply chain, and you had lead times extending, that led to distributors ordering because you were ordering your stock or your stocking levels and distribution are typically a function of your lead time usage plus your safety stock. Well, the lead time continues to get bigger then you're having to order more and more product because you think it's going to take you longer to get it. The good news is, is that on many products that were in short supply last year, the lead times have come down considerably, which is allowing us to bring down inventory. But I did mention, though, is that there are still several products out there that are in very short supply, both on the equipment side and on the chemical side. So last year, I was essentially flushed with Calico and short on trichlor. This year, I'm flushed with trichlor and I'm short on Calico. When it comes to equipment, it's a similar dynamic. So last year, we were short on heaters. This year, I have plenty of heaters. But the backlog on chip items that have a chip embedded in them, whether it's a salt cell or whether it's a motor, variable speed motor drive or whether it's an automation center or an LED light that's still -- we still see significant supply chain issues and inconsistency in deliveries.
Peter Arvan: Yes. It's still a very small percentage. And honestly, it's one of the larger opportunities that we have because our market share in commercial pool is smaller than what we would see in the residential area. So we're very encouraged by the demand that we see, the amount of projects that are being bid and put out to bid right now. And with the -- frankly with the boom in travel, as everybody has seen by watching the news, there's a ton of people traveling and the resorts are all busy, they're investing money in their aquatic areas, which is very good for us. So whether it's maintenance or repair, whether it's new construction, we see a significant opportunity to continue to grow in that area. We've invested heavily in inventory. We've invested in specialists and programs, which we think positions us best to capitalize on the rebound that we've seen after a -- at the beginning of the pandemic, certainly, that part of the business slowed considerably, but we are very happy with the bounce back and the outlook.
Peter Arvan: Yes. The programs really don't change in structure, right? They're all predicated upon there is a baseline and then there's growth, which is what I mentioned in my comments, one of the tailwinds that we had last year as it related to our gross margin has turned into a headwind this year, and that has to do with the timing of the purchases and when we buy. So obviously, as lead times come down, I'm going to buy less. So if I'm going to buy less, then that's certainly going to affect the vendor programs, the contrast of which really doesn't change. So -- but again, as I mentioned, that wasn't a surprise to us. We knew it. We contemplated it. It was in our calculus of what we are going to do to manage our gross margins. And we would expect that next year, as the season winds down and we burn off some inventory and we get into a normal early buy season that the opportunities from a vendor program will continue to be attractive to us.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would say, if you asked me on the last call what I thought the likelihood of future price increases was going to be, I would have said it was more likely than not. And from where I sit today, I don't think we're going to see much more inflation, at least until the early buy program. So I think the pricing environment is more stable, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I think predictability and stability certainly for our customers is a good thing, but that would be the major change. I don't think it's affected demand, right? So that's the good news. It hasn't affected demand, but I don't really see much change between now and the early buy programs in the fall.
Peter Arvan: I think it's pretty balanced, Steve, in terms of how much of our growth is product mix. I think it's pretty balanced. And as Melanie says, it varies by market.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean as I mentioned, I think POOLCORP is a very unique company and a very unique industry. And a downturn in one industry doesn't translate to the same results as another. And as we mentioned and I'm not sure everybody has appreciated is that -- most of our business is derived from the installed base of pools, which has to be maintained. So whether the new pool construction turns out to be $115,000 $110,000, $95,000 or $120,000, is going to have some impact on our business, but most of our business is nondiscretionary. Over 60% of our business is nondiscretionary and that it's tied to the maintenance and repair of the existing installed base, which has happen. And even during the -- great Recession, that didn't move. So even if there is some populist scenario from an economic environment, we would expect that part of the business to continue to perform. And if I look at the other two portions of our business, the second one being what we would call semi-discretionary. That portion of the business, given home values, which I don't think are going to drop very much because I think home values are being driven as much by supply demand is anything else. There is a net housing shortage. Most people that have purchased the house in the last five years are in that very attractive interest rates that would -- they would pay a significant amount of money if they were to sell their house and refinance. so I don't really think we're going to see a lot of houses change hands, given the current interest rate environment, but that translates into stable home equity value so the people that are in a home, we think, are going to continue to invest in home. So we think that our renovation market is again going to be very, very stable. If I look at the new construction business, I would tell you that new construction could swing one way or the other based on a variety of factors, some economic, weather is always going to be a big factor in how many pools get built and labor, which the labor environment, given the current unemployment statistics that we all see every month, wouldn't lead any of us to believe that there's going to be a bunch more capacity brought into the industry for new pool construction. So I would say that, that portion of the business is good and stable. So opportunities that may persist, we're going to continue to run our playbook. So we have a very disciplined capital allocation strategy. We're going to continue to invest in the portions of our business necessary to add capacity where we need it. And we don't invest ahead of the capacity need. We maximally use our capacity creation to expand capacity as much as we possibly can. And when we need more, then we go out and invest in additional capacity. So that portion of our business will continue. We'll continue to invest in technology, which we think is going to improve the customer experience. We think it's going to give time back to everybody involved, whether it's the dealers or whether it's us. So that's also an important part of our capital allocation strategy. From an M&A perspective, we are a very strategic buyer. We're also a very well-capitalized buyer. So we're always on the lookout for businesses that I think are valuable and could be valuable to us and we certainly have the balance sheet strength to execute on anything out there that we see makes sense. We have a very proven track record of being very disciplined with our acquisitions. We don't have to buy anything simply because of our expansive footprint and the infrastructure and know how that we have, if we see something that is attractive we certainly have the balance sheet to do it. From a valuation perspective, if we think it's -- it makes sense, we do it. If we think that the value that is being requested is beyond what the business is worth in our mind. We certainly have the option, unlike others, to simply a greenfield to capitalize on the opportunity. So we are mindful of the economic environment we've been leaning into capacity creation before the pandemic, during the pandemic and we'll continue to lean into capacity creation after the pandemic because we think that makes us a better business. We're focused on the customer experience and making sure that we provide the best level of service so that even in a market that may be less robust in the future, we continue to take share and we're rewarded for taking care of our customer. So could there be opportunities on the M&A side? Certainly. Are we in a position to jump on them if we like them Absolutely. But our overall plan doesn't really change.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So here's what happens. You have to look at the nature of the business in the seasonal markets, right? So the portion of the business that you won't get back is the consumables, right, for when the pool is being used. So if the pool opens up a month later than it would have because it was cold and rainy where people are using it less than your maintenance and repair products are going to be less. And those days when they're gone, they're gone, you typically don't get those back. Unless on the end of the season that you end up with an extended summer or a late fall, then you sometimes can get those days back, which is why for us, it's very early to call the year and say, well, here's what the seasonal markets are going to look like because so much of it depends on the beginning and the end. The good news is in the middle, the capacity is almost at max anyway, and there's very little growth capacity. So most of our growth comes on the shoulders of the year. On the construction side, those days, you can get back. So if the weather stays good and there is certainly demand for renovation and remodel and new construction, if the weather stays good later in the fall, early in the winter, in some cases, then our builders are going to keep working because they have backlogs and customers that they need to satisfy.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I wish I could tell you more clearly what I think inflation is going to be next year. But unfortunately, I don't think anybody knows. What's important is what I mentioned is that I think the inflation that we got, meaning that the price I'm paying for products today is it's not going to get any cheaper. I mean what I'm paying this year is probably cheaper than I'm ever going to pay going forward because I think prices will continue to escalate. How much they escalate going forward remains to be seen. Remember, this is an industry that typically would move prices 1%, sometimes 2% on the inflation side, and then we went through a couple of years where inflation was obviously well above the industry norm. The same factors that affect us are affecting our manufacturers as it relates to their operating costs whether it's people, whether it's real estate, whether it's raw material. So I would tell you thematically that I think inflation next year is going to be above the norm. I don't -- I guess I'm not convinced that that's going to be as much as we saw this year but it's, again, very soon to tell, but I think that inflation is going to be well above the norm next year as well.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to reporting our third quarter 2022 results on October 20. Have a great day, and we will talk to you then. Thank you.
