Peter Arvan: Sure. That's a good question, Ryan. And we spent considerable time on it. I guess the difference between now and when we guidance out at the end of the last quarter is that we have passed the most seasonally significant part of the year, and we're three weeks through the month of almost three weeks through the month of July, which gives us much better visibility into how the year is going to trend. So nothing new to report on new pool construction. We had said last time we thought new pool construction was going to be up 30%. We still think it's going to be often in neighborhood of 30% skewed more heavily towards the lower-priced pools with higher priced pools doing better. Our ability to gain share as evidenced by our analysis of our new pool sales is consistent with what we thought before. So we're down slightly less than the industry as we believe in new terms of new pool construction, so nothing new to report. The weather provided significant headwinds in the second quarter. The season started late. And as you know, we basically contemplate normal weather in our guidance. We didn't get the normal weather that we were counting on and the seasonal markets opened late. And then, frankly, the poor weather moved around some of the year-round markets too and presented significant headwind. The other thing that we saw and we have better visibility to now is the consumer buying patterns and what we see there. We are – the non-discretionary spend is good. I mean we talked a little about the spend on chemicals with the pricing on chemicals that trichlor is down, everything else is up a little, it's about the same. Chemical sales are going to be higher when the weather is hotter. So the hotter water and hotter weather came later than anticipated. We are now getting good weather in terms of heat and that is that's having an impact on the chemical spend. So the non-discretionary portion of our business is doing well. What we've seen is that a continuation really of the, we'll call semi-discretionary purchases by consumers. So the consumer that has a heater that may need to be repaired. Well, this time of the year, nobody is thinking about heating their pools because most of them are too hot as it is. But those that would consider buying a new cleaner given the current economic environment, we're – what we're seeing is some people deferring some of those expenses to next year and not doing – not making the purchase this year. So we've got 6.5 months, almost seven months of visibility into the year. So we have a better view of what the consumer buying pattern is and the idea that we think it would significantly improve over what we have seen based on the macroeconomic conditions and the weather pattern, we baked into our guidance. The only thing I didn't touch upon in my commentary just now with the renovation and remodel market. And as I said, the renovation and remodel market is doing better than what we see in new construction. If you look at I mentioned our building materials being off a two products to consider when we look at new pool construction and renovation and remodel would be tile and pool finish. Pool finish is down 2% for the year and tile is down 9% for the year. We think that the backlog on renovation was higher in the beginning of the year, and we expect that to moderate. So we think it was more favorable than the full year – our full year outlook at the beginning of the year, but we think that's going to moderate as dealers work through the backlog. We consider normal weather for the balance of the year. So we're not counting on an extended season. And I think we've captured most of our possibilities in terms of market demand, pricing considerations, supply chain interruptions within our guidance. So I just think we have more clarity now with a large portion of the year behind us and a good look at what July is going to bring.
Peter Arvan: Yes, certainly. The great part about this business is that, most of the spend is non-discretionary. So when the weather cooperates and it is hot and people are using their pools then the demand for maintenance items such as chemical and parts and service is good. So when things heated up, we are encouraged by the uptick in sales. However, one thing I got to point out though is we have very stiff comps in the third quarter, too. The third quarter is by no means a layup given the growth that we saw in the third quarter of last year. The comps really don't moderate until the fourth quarter. So business is good. The sales centers are busy. But when we look at the comps that we have from last year, which was – weather was good, sales centers were busy and consumers were certainly a bit more confident and new pool construction was stronger. We have to take that into consideration.
Peter Arvan: So I think your sentiment on – your observation on mix shift is accurate. We – when I talk to our dealers, I talked to a lot of dealers across the country from very, very large dealers to small dealers. What we're hearing is that at the higher end, and we have some customers that frankly specialize in very large projects. They're actually doing quite well. I believe it or not, I've had a couple tell me that they're sold out for this year and into next year, but they are the very high-end specialty builders.  As you work down the chain from very high end to more entry-level pools, there is a phenomenon that happens and that is – has to do with how that pool is paid for. The very high-end pools are typically purchased by more affluent families and the percentage of those that have really any concern about financing cost is actually very low. The flip side to that is if you go to the opposite end of the spectrum, the entry-level pools, which is what we think drove a lot of the new pool – the increase in new pool activity through the pandemic, there was a lot more entry-level pools built. So I think the mix of pools was skewed towards the entry-level pools. And the reason is because financing cost was actually quite low. And if you talk to the dealers, what they would tell you is that many of those conversations, many of the closes happened at the kitchen table. And they were basically – they were selling a – they were selling a backyard resort, but they were basically selling that as a monthly payment. And monthly payments when the interest rates and finance rates and HELOCs were very low and lending was free flowing, monthly payments for those projects and the fact that a few years ago, you had less inflation. So the overall price of the pool was lower. They were selling that based on – some of those were $700 to $750 a month payments. That was a very achievable number for folks that wanted a pool and decided to invest and become pool owners. As interest rates have come up as inflation has worked its way through the system, as labor rates have come up – that same payment, in many cases, dealers are telling me is now $1,200 to $1,400, which simply puts it out of the range for many of the families that would be stretching at frankly, a $700 to $750 level. So if you ask me what I think it's going to take to change that, I really think it would be – it would have to be one of two things or a combination. One is if interest rates were to moderate, it's just math that brings down the price of the, the financing costs and brings down the monthly payment. That would make pools more affordable for those folks that are sitting on the sidelines waiting for that to happen. The other thing that happens over time is the memory of 2% interest and 3% interest fades in people's mind and they become more accustomed to, well, okay, if I'm going to do a HELOC, it's going to cost me 6% or 7% or 8%. And as wages continue to catch up to inflation, then it becomes more acceptable. And I think you'll see some more pools at the entry level start to come back in. I think your follow-on question was – or the second part of the question had to do with consumer sentiment. And I think I briefly mentioned that with Ryan's question. What dealers are telling us is that certainly, break-fix things, it is – if the pump isn't working, if the filter is leaking, if the salt cells stopped working. If – in some cases, if the light stopped working, it's going to get fixed. Consumers really don't have a choice because remember, with the pool, you have to move the water, filter the water and treat the water in order to make sure that it doesn't turn green. So that's a given. I think over the last couple of years, we've seen people trade up in terms of technology. They've gone from pressure cleaners and suction cleaners, which were once the industry standard. Now we've seen people move towards the, the higher-end product, the robotic cleaners and such and higher levels of automation. I think in many of those cases, consumers are saying, well, I'd like a new robot, but given the macroeconomic conditions, inflation of everything from groceries, perhaps additional leisure travel being done and general household expense increase, they're saying, I'll probably going to wait and I'll get the new cleaner next year as opposed to this year and we'll live with the pressure cleaner or suction cleaner one more year. I just think it's a matter of just kind of how the consumer is feeling about everyday spending.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Great question. So there's really nothing new about the competition. If I go back, I've been in the pool industry now this is my seventh year, I believe. And I can tell you that from the very first – my very first month when I went out and was meeting the team and trying to learn about the market and what would happen, and I would hear these stories about competitors that would go after a piece of business that we would have or we would hear about hypercompetitive pricing at a particular account or a particular product. That was basically the norm, all the way up to the pandemic. We kind of got a break during the pandemic when inventory was scarce and it was more of a question of, do you have it versus how much is it? So we got a little bit of a reprieve during that period of pandemic spending when people just said, I want I want, I want and those that had it certainly had an advantage. And you know what we did from an investment perspective to make sure that we had product and that allowed us to take share. It allowed us to gain new customers that in the past might not have had a reason to try us as a supplier that we're perhaps happy with who they were using before that now tried us and got exposure to the vast network and the tools and resources that we offer, which pale in comparison to those of our competitors. So what I would say is that I still hear stories every day about a competitor that is going after a piece of business or trying to liquidate some inventory or trying to raise some cash, putting a ridiculous price into the market. I think it is isolated. I don't think it's anything new, and it's nothing, quite frankly, that we are worried about. When I consider what we've done over the last three years to widen the base of our business, and improve the quality of our value proposition. I think it gives me great confidence in our ability to maintain the share that we gained and continue to gain. Since 2019, through acquisitions and greenfield openings, we have 59 new locations. So there's 59 more locations today than they were in 2019. If you look at our – what differentiates our network compared to the others, we have about 100 NPT centers, which allow the smaller builders to use our showrooms to have their customers pick out the finishes for a new pool or renovation and remodel. We have product trainers that teach new customers, new plaster crews, new tile crews, how to apply and how to install our proprietary products. If you look at our private label capabilities, those that we had before the pandemic and then with the addition of Pinch A Penny and Suncoast Chemicals and the fact that we're vertically integrated from a chemical packaging perspective. Again, nobody that we compete with on the wholesale distribution side has capabilities like that. We think that gives us flexibility. We think that gives us additional capabilities to serve customers. Our focus on speed at the counter and the customer experience. Our focus on – we've invested in digital tools in POOL360, as you can see, is gaining traction. The POOL360 water test software that we've begun rolling out as a great tool for the independent retailers to improve their chemical business, which, at the same time, will improve our chemical business of our private label chemicals because that is the chemical solution that the software will recommend and takes that variability out of the dealer's hands in terms of what chemicals to recommend and how much it's all done through a digital platform. We've invested in marketing capabilities, specific marketing capabilities that help our dealers grow that help drive demand creation, all things that none of our competitors do. So certainly, the market is – I don't want to paint a picture that the market is not contested. You have competitors, we have good competitors that are trying to grow just as well as we are. But when I look at the tools and resources that we have including, frankly, the best team in the industry, when you look at the – how seasoned our management team is and their years of experience in the multiple sites that they have seen as compared to some of our competitors that are relatively new to the space, I would put our team up against any other team, and they will win that race hands down.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think, Dave, as I mentioned, what you're going to see is basically stability at the mid and upper end, the families that have the financial means to do it without financing that are seeing stability in their home values that say, I want a pool, I think that's going to happen. At this point, I don't see an acceleration in new pools yet because I don't see the – what I think it would be the indicators that we would see that the lower end pools come back into favor and a lot of that is going to have to do with, as you mentioned, movement in the housing market. So I'm moving, so I might have freed up some equity, so I have some cash that I can use to build a pool and/or lower interest rates that would encourage me to move forward with a project if I had to finance most of it.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I looked at – we looked at the permit activity and what we believe is happening on new pool construction and how we triangulated on that, we look at those two products that I mentioned, new pool finish – our pool finish and tile, knowing that those two products only go into two things. One is a renovation and new pool construction. So the new pool finish, as I mentioned in the second quarter was up 2%. And that number for – earlier in the year, was – I'm sorry, new pool finish was down 2% for the second quarter, kind of similar to what it was in the first quarter, but it was skewed. So when I looked at how – the end of the second quarter plays out with pool finish and tile, like it's moderating a little bit, meaning that it started out better and then has moderated a little bit. And given that we don't really see a big movement in new pool construction, my only conclusion is, is that – some of that has to do with renovation and remodel. Now keep in mind, when we look at renovation and remodel, what I'm not saying is that our expectations are any different. I just think that when you look at the guide we gave related to new pool construction – I'm sorry, related to renovation and remodel, being down 15% to 20%. I think that it's going to be skewed more heavily towards the beginning of the year being better. And then as they work through the backlog, we think it will be weaker towards the back half.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Andrew, market share is a – it’s a bit elusive in an industry like ours. So we have to triangulate it on market share, but we also – one of the beauties of this business is that we operate now 432 individual PNLs and we track customers at the local level. So we have a pretty good view of what’s going on from a – at the individual customer level. And then we also get some information from the manufacturers as what’s going on in the channel in total. And then we look at things like, if the permit data and new pool construction is going to be down 30%, we have the ability to kind of back into what is our new pool construction number look like given, we do an analysis, we look at certain items that are sold only on a new pool to triangulate it on that. And we know that we’re trending better than the minus 30% that the industry is likely going to see on new pool construction. So unfortunately, it’s not an exact science, but given industry information that we can see and that we get from our supplier partners, I think we’re very confident in our ability to continue to grow and take share.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I’m not sure this late in the season, right? So for instance, I don’t have a – nobody’s going to winterize their pool in July or August, right, because it’s still hot. And if you – even if you say, hey, look, the pump broke, I’m not going to fix it. I’m going to just winterize the pool, the pool’s still going to turn green because the water temperature is high. Then that’s going to do damage to the pool finish. So homeowners are not likely to do that. So we don’t really see a change in consumer behavior on essentials, right? The break fix, the things that – you have to move the water filter to water and treat the water. If you have any part of that equation that is bad, you really have no choice but to fix it. And winterizing a pool, pools are not drained. They essentially they put a cover over them, they put a lot of chemicals in there, but if the water temperature is still warm you can’t put enough chemicals in that pool one time dose and cover it in order to keep it from turning green. And green pools, obviously, a lot of bad things come from that. They’re unsightly, frankly, they’re dangerous and they’re going to do damage to the pool. So I don’t really think that’s a big concern.
Peter Arvan: I guess, the way I would approach that is, when it comes to maintenance and repair, it really depends on the item. So for instance, when we talk about maintenance, big portion of the maintenance business is chemicals. And there we’ve seen a decline in trichlor pricing in some areas, frankly, because of inventory that was purchased in anticipation, frankly, of higher usage that people are trying to get rid of before the end of the year. Because you don’t want to end – you don’t want to winter over a bunch of chemicals because every month they sit on a shelf and in a bucket they become less potent. So we’ve seen certainly some heightened activity to get rid of some chemicals. But frankly, right now the demand for chemicals is very strong. And we’re seeing an offset in that in terms of the other chemicals, which would be balancers, shock and specialty. And then again, when it comes to an equipment, my pump quit or the motor fails, I have a choice. I can fix it or I can replace it. We haven’t seen a big shift in the customers’ behavior as it relates to, well, I’m not going to fix – I’m not going to replace it anymore, I’m going to fix it. Because we look at our median order value, we look at our median line value and then we look at our parts sales, whole bid sales, and we haven’t really seen anything materially change there. So when it comes to a break fix item the only thing in terms of price elasticity, if one of those components fails, it has to be replaced. And chances are that when that happens, that’s not something that is negotiated at the distributor that says, hey, I can buy this cheaper here or there. They’re in, they pick up what we have because they’re there for many other reasons other than we may be a nickel cheaper or more expensive. So I don’t really see a lot of price elasticity on non-discretionary items. Discretionary items a little bit different story. So, as I mentioned, robots for instance, which are a great product for pools, have gone up in value. And that’s where some people are looking at it saying, maybe I’ll wait till next year on that.
Peter Arvan: Yes, very early to give you an accurate answer to that question. I can tell you that where my head is at right now is I believe that it’s going to be above normal once again. And the reason is, is because everybody’s SG&A costs and operating costs, whether it is rent, whether it is trucks, people, labor being obviously the biggest component, none of those – there’s been no retreat in anybody’s operating expenses. So I can’t see manufacturers only passing on the historic 1% to 2%. I would expect it to be higher, I could be wrong, but I would expect it to be higher.
Peter Arvan: Yes. The Pinch A Penny franchisees is – they operate a great business and our model is different than most of our competitors as it relates to the publicly traded entities. So, we’re happy with the performance. But as I mentioned, they’re seeing a similar pattern in that the non-discretionary business is holding up quite well. But some of the equipment has – specifically like cleaners and such that are more discretionary. I should have one. I don’t have to have one. If I have an older one, I might be able to get by another year with it. Though they’re seeing some hesitation for the consumer at that point, but that frankly is baked into their performance, which is why that they’re flattish and given the underlying conditions, we’re actually pretty happy with that.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I just want to thank everybody for your continuing interest and support in Pool Corp. And thank you for joining us today. We look forward to continuing to lead the industry for the remainder of the year and beyond and providing the highest level of value for – service for our customers and our suppliers. We’ll be discussing our third quarter 2023 results on October 19th of this year. And look forward to talking to you all then. Thank you very much.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So we are seeing probably an impact in the second quarter on the new pool construction. It was about the negative five and the renovation was around a negative three. And then price contribution, we are – on the green side, it's a little bit less than blue. So we said three to four in total. The green would trend to the lower end of that because they did have some more of the commodity, particularly the piping. That was overall impacting their sales, but their sales for the quarter actually did, how they came in relatively flat.
Melanie Hart: Yes. No. So if you're backing into that for the full year, I think that's pretty reasonable. When you look at just kind of top line, the comps that we'll have in the third quarter, where we were still up 10% for base business year-over-year are going to be more difficult than the fourth quarter where we were just up 1%. We did start to see some of the slowdown in new construction in – starting out in the fourth quarter, primarily kind of November, December of last year. So when you look at kind of the year-over-year comps, those should get relatively easier in the fourth quarter. And then third quarter, we'll also have that one less selling day, as well.
Melanie Hart: The biggest driver there is going to be where we end up on the top line, kind of within that range bracketing that down 10%. So that will get us to the high and low end of the range. There'll be some expense offsets that will depend on the actual volume, but margins should be relatively similar in both case scenarios.
Melanie Hart: From a top line, if you kind of walk through – so our initial guidance was flat to negative 3%. So we did have some expectation that we could see some negative impacts. The biggest thing that changed since that point in time the biggest single indicator is going to be the weather. So when you look at the cumulative weather impact that is around $90 million as we talked about. The other things that we called out that are – it’s not – there’s nothing else kind of significant in an individual standpoint, but the things that were kind of new for this quarter was the impact on the trichlor pricing. And so that was about 1% for the quarter. We do think that that’ll continue for the rest of the year. So overall not that significant. The other thing the deferred sales activities, so we don’t think the consumer sentiment, we don’t see that that will continue as we get into next year. But that is something that was not considered in our initial guide as part of that. And then we also – when you look at the change in our early buy activity, which from our customer standpoint, which we equate to channel inventory that did come in higher this year, then we had originally anticipated as well as part of our initial guide.
Melanie Hart: Yes. Incentive comp in the current guide is less than what we originally at the beginning of the year we had kind of talked about $10 million to $15 million. So it’s a little bit too early to call the final number because when we look at the balance of the year, we are continuing to aggressively pursue various different sales actions and programs. And so, there’s still quite a bit left to the year to determine what that final number will be. But we will expect that to be a little bit higher than kind of our original $15 million estimate. And so as we go into next year, we would expect that that to revert back and come back into the expense base, but that the gross profit dollars that will generate from the revenue will more than offset the incremental expense on the incentive comp side.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the guide for the full year is that it’ll be up no more than 1%. So the original we had talked about that it could be kind of negative 2% to plus 2% depending upon where the top line fell out. So we’ve – as we’ve gotten further through the year we can more confidently say that it’ll – it won’t exceed a 1% increase.
