Peter Arvan: Yes. If you think about the way a typical year plays out, as you mentioned, it would wane quickly because builders would have, for the most part, worked through the majority of their backlog. This year, with the backlog being what it is and permits, I mean, through September, building permits pulled through September exceeded the entire number for 2019. So, I think it's fair to suggest that the season this year will have -- will be stronger in the fourth quarter and first quarter than we would normally see as builders have plenty of work to do. Now seasonal markets are going to be affected by weather, but the year-round markets, there's still plenty of work that needs to be done. There's still plenty of work to do. Seasonal marketers can be affected by weather, but the year-round market, there's still plenty of work that needs to be done.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think a couple of things to consider there. One is that weather really is the biggest factor in terms of capacity, and we've been very fortunate with great weather. So, building capacity is up if, for no other reason, just that. But your comment about, are there additional capacity coming online? What I would say is, anecdotally, we've heard from several large homebuilders that are starting to build their own pools, simply because they can't wait for the pool builders to catch up. So, it's hard for us to say how much capacity -- additional capacity that will represent, but it's also the first time that we've heard that in many, many years.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I guess, I'll talk about it in two parts. So, as I mentioned in my comments, California started slower as they were, again, slower coming out of the permitting and inspection restrictions that they had. And they exited the quarter and have begun the fourth quarter at a very strong rate. I would say that the rest of the country was strong and is strong from an organic perspective.
Peter Arvan: I would say that we are still very busy, and a lot of it is going to be dependent on the weather. So, I can tell you that there is substantial demand that can result in a very, very strong quarter. A lot of that is going to have to do with how much work can get done. I mean the same thing -- same trends of, as I mentioned, stay-at-home, school-from-home, so pools are going to be open longer where they can and they'll be used more. But hard for me to give you a number because, as you know, the fourth quarter, the biggest predictor we have there is weather. So, if it -- if that snow that's in the Upper Midwest were to move into the Northeast and it were to get cold, that would curtail things quickly. But as I mentioned before, year-round markets are very strong.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think I mentioned a lot of it. There really isn't a silver bullet there that says, "Oh, this is it." I mean there was a lot of pent-up demand in the seasonal markets. And because of the restrictions that we're early on, normally, those guys would have been closing down on the end of their season, and most of the pools that they had to build were already well underway. This year, there was a significant backlog. So, they kept working. We had great weather. It was very warm and dry. If you look at Southern California, huge market, they've had great weather. It's been very hot out there. So, a lot of usage. And there was still backlog for equipment and upgrades that people were waiting on. And as people started using their pools earlier in the year and said, "Hey, I want to remodel." Well, they have to get in line with their builders to start those. So, what we saw was the maintenance business has been strong, but the construction business came back very strong in the third quarter as builders and -- or our customers switched from just trying to keep up and get a pool operational, so now we can start working on remodel and renovation as well.
Peter Arvan: I guess, here's what I would say. Really, when I look at what's in the future for us, when I consider the fact that the number of permits is up so significantly, and the fact that the labor really hasn't changed all that much yet, there is still significant demand and backlogs and people that want to get pools built. I mean, again, anecdotally, but I know several builders that are essentially sold out for the 2021 season. I think about the trends that are driving our growth, which you can call it the stay-at-home, school-from-home, cocooning, whatever you want to call it. I don't see travel, and I would call normal life, returning anytime soon. So, the same things that drove our business in 2020, I think, are going to drive 2021, because I don't see that the overall market dynamics are going to shift. So, labor is still constrained. So, it's not like there's unlimited labor that can just put a bunch of pools in. Having said that, with an elevated demand for new pools and new pool construction being up, remember, for us, it's not over when the pool is built. That just happens to be another pool, a customer for life, that has to be maintained. So, I mean we're very encouraged by what we see coming down the road.
Peter Arvan: I can tell you the latest number I've heard is up to 100,000 new pools, and that they're coming off of 75,000 last year. I would tell you, my number is probably between 90,000 and 100,000 new pools, depending again on how long the weather holds so that they can continue to work in the seasonal markets. I mean I was speaking to dealers in the seasonal markets in the last few weeks and their backlogs are huge, and they're hoping to get as many of those pools as they can in the ground before the snow flies. And whatever they don't get in the ground, they'll start as soon as they can in the first half of next year. And again, in the whole, the number of pools is really going to be a function of weather, because demand, I think, will remain pretty consistent.
Peter Arvan: It's very hard to tell. I don't know that we have good visibility on how much of it is newbuild and remodel. I don't think it's going to be much different than the historic norms, given the installed base and the aging of the remodel. I just think the more time people are spending in pools, if you have a pool and it's old or aging and now, you're using it a lot more, those folks are calling the builders and wanting to remodel. And then there's, obviously, a bunch of new people trying to get into a pool. So, it's an interesting question, but I don't know that we have a way to tease apart how much of that business is remodel versus new construction.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think clearly, it will be fair to say that we picked up some share in certain markets. I wouldn't be so bold as to say we gained a lot of share in every market, but I think we certainly gained share. It's still a little bit too soon to tell, the year is not over. At the end of the year, I think we'll have a better idea based on what actually gets built. But I think we're very comfortable saying that we picked up some share this year. And I think that's a function of the service that we provided and that we had product.
Peter Arvan: Okay. Let me try and answer that. The -- when I think about share gains, specifically, in building materials and hardscape, I mean, not many of our competitors are full line in terms of having everything that the pool builder remodeler needs. So, we're unique in that fashion, and that we have such a broad range, number one. Number two, we have a very broad network and deep inventories, which allows us to keep up with demand much better than others. Having said that, all of the manufacturers are stretched, at this point, in terms of capacity. So, you can have a great supply chain, but if the ultimate demand outpaces what the collective output is of the plans, then you're going to have -- you're going to struggle. So, I would tell you, in certain parts of the country, we did great. And in other parts of the country, we had builders that wanted product sooner than we can get. But by and large, better than most.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think, for the most part, we'll be fine next year. There's absolutely going to be an early buy. Typically, they're -- the manufacturers are already working on the early buy. But because the strength of the 2020 season, many of them are still shipping product. But as soon as we get it, we'll turn around and ship it out the door. But, obviously, there is a natural seasonal wane in demand, which will allow the manufacturers to catch back up, and they'll basically start shipping the early buy. So, for the most part, I don't think there'll be a problem with material availability next year. I expect to start the season with a full warehouse, so to speak.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think we might be overthinking that a little bit. I think, in general, the amount of folks that are taking care of their pool versus having it done professionally, I don't think that's changed, or we -- I don't think we've picked up on any significant change in that regard.
Peter Arvan: I think it's supplemental capacity for certain builders, right? I think the trades are essentially the same, right? There's plumbing, there's electrician, and there's masons involved in building a pool. So, I think that, historically, some of the homebuilders were doing their own and then they outsourced it when there was essentially capacity to do that, and they focused on the home itself. Now, with limited capacity to get pools built, they want to complete the home and turn it over for the homeowner. So, some of them have said, "We've done it before, and we'll do it again."
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would say it's a terrible situation for those impacted, but these weren't major population centers. So, from our standpoint, really no impact on the business of significance.
Peter Arvan: No. I mean, that business is still going to flow through us. I mean the inventory that we have is specific to the pool industry. That's not things that the rest of their trades are typically going to have. I mean can they buy rebar and PVC pipe from somebody else? Yes. Can they get the specialty fittings and everything else that's required and equipment to build a pool? No.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean, remember, from a transaction perspective, 70% of our transactions take place over-the-counter. So, we benefit in situations like this. We are seeing the same inflation that others are seeing as it relates to transportation costs. But you also know that we've been working on, as part of our capacity, creation initiatives, stretching the capacity we have and getting more out of our existing fleet by better routing market-based transportation and such that we've been able to, all things considered, bring to bear to help control those costs.
Peter Arvan: I mean if -- I think we saw a slight improvement in terms of a percentage of sales this year. And I would think that, that would consider -- that would continue into next year, unless there is a step function increase in transportation rates -- external transportation rates. Because remember, a lot of our deliveries happen on our own trucks as well. That's the vast majority of our expenses.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you. I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results on February 11, 2021. Have a great day.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thanks, Anthony, for asking me a question. That though is the majority of the increase. So, if you look at the 20 basis points, it was actually a little bit more than that. And then, as Pete said, offset a little bit with some mix on both product and customer. So, not a huge amount, but certainly helpful.
Mark Joslin: Yes. What we're expecting, as you mentioned, price is really inflation. So, inflation looks to be a little bit higher next year, 2% to 3% versus the 1% to 2% normal. And we typically try to buy a little bit more when that happens. But vendors are struggling a bit to stay up with demand. So, it's not clear that we'll have as much opportunity as we might, otherwise, like to benefit from that.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean basically, I'm saying that those acquisitions are made by at the end of the third quarter. So, we won't get that fourth quarter next year. So, expect a 4% growth from Q4 to Q3...
Mark Joslin: Well, basically what I was saying, Ken, was this year, our operating costs have been extraordinarily low, given the revenue growth. And we probably will have a little bit of catch-up on that next year as kind of base operating cost. So, a little bit higher growth than normal, which will be offset largely by the higher incentive comp that we've had this year. So, the $15 million to $20 million reference that I gave was just on incentive costs. That is the amount of, let's call it, higher-than-average over the last several years, incentive costs this year. So, that will offset what I would expect to be kind of higher operating costs, otherwise, given that we have some makeup to do in our branches for delayed hirings and other things that they've done this year.
Mark Joslin: I wouldn't disagree, but I also say this is October. We, typically, don't get specific on our guidance until we...
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, by the way, I consider 20 basis points to be pretty stable. That's a minor change. We're going to have some natural fluctuations in our business, every year, quarter-over-quarter. So, that's 20, 30 basis points up or down either way. Relatively flat for the year is kind of our expectations over time. And I think that will be the same for next year where we're coming off of high volumes this year, we're looking for good growth in the business next year, maybe not as significant, but continuing to see sales of these bigger ticket, lower-margin products, which provide a little bit of product mix down. So, expectation, again, relatively flat next year. Could be some ups and downs by quarter, but not a big change from this year.
