Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2014 first quarter earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2014 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa.  
Mark Joslin: Yes, certainly. I mean, and by the way when I saying there is no significant recovery, as the numbers are creeping up, that’s an order of magnitude standpoint how that translates to our sales, the big driver in terms of both build materials and equipment have been related to refurbishment and replacement.
Mark Joslin: Appreciate your bringing the horizon network data. Sales were solid at 8% up for the quarter, operating profit was up nicely. So I think that business is performing at expectations. And they are also benefitting given the waiting of that - of the product you saw that -- and that network is weighted towards the recovery of new construction and we are beginning to see some level of new construction activity, recovery and although the national statistics aren’t as positive given the delay in the weather, we’re experiencing some level of recovery there in what we’re selling. And also like they were gaining some share without having to compromise margins.
Mark Joslin: Yes, David, just on the expense growth; as I said in the prepaid remarks, our target here is the rate of growth would be about half of the rate of GP growth. And we feel good about being able to achieve a little bit of pressure from the incentive cost. First quarter, is a little bit of an anomaly because the sales are lower and has a bigger impact. So to get the half of the rate of GP growth from the first quarter, our expenses were only up about $2 million beyond what it would have been if they have grown a half rate of GP growth. And that was really the magnitude between the two items that you mentioned there that we brought up in the press release on the sales meeting retail conference as well as professional fees. So they’re kind of about half each.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, I think that when you look at last year; last year and particularly in the seasonal markets was a very late start and given that late start, the expectation, general sentiment started toward the end of the year and reflected in our stronger growth as we finish the year. I think there’s a sense of optimism regarding ’14 and in mid cases of them matter of a few weeks in terms of when they decide to receive their orders and get their stores full stocked up. So that’s really largely a reflection I think of optimism, particularly given last year’s very late season.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Great question, Matt. When you look at 2013, the building materials product segment represented approximately 10% of our sales. And we see that segment growing at a much greater rate, much higher rate than our overall business over the next five years at least. And that’s -- several factors play into that. One is what you mentioned in terms of the gradual recovery of the discretionary spend, where some deferred refurbishment activity is now taking place. A second factor is our increasing our bandwidth in terms of product offering to further be a complete supplier of anything and everything for the outside. And third is our increase rollout of showrooms where we now have over 80 such locations in North America. So when you couple the breadth of offering with the ability to help our customers sell that breadth of offering through our new and expanded showrooms and then the overall macro-environment, I think the very powerful statement for the opportunities that exist in building materials.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: In the maintenance category which we include chemicals and accessories and parts, you’re talking about sub 3% growth.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, discretionary product, the two primary product categories there Ryan would be building materials which were up just over 20 and equipment which was up almost 13.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, I think that once the season kicks in, that’s when a lot of the maintenance items are sold and therefore I think that’s in fact still the case.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Not significantly, no. When you look at the markets I mean and I know you in Chicago have had a very long winter - a great weekend, last weekend. The real bad weather pools are basically closed. So there is no real impact. I think the weather impact is in the seasonal markets more in the shoulders of the season and that really is March and April; March, April, May and then as you come out September, October and November. When you look at that and we look at March activity, March was really not - it was very similar to last year. So no impact there. So it’s really April and May on the com in terms of what that looks like.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, I think the fact that if you back out early buys or the change in early buys year-on-year, the actual margins in the first quarter were flat. I think that provides me certainly a lot more confidence and frankly some of these proceeding in April, the fact that we’ll be flat for the year is I think a very fair statement.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: We typically sell early buys. We start selling early buys to customers in the fourth quarter, proceeding and then the customer then make the decision in terms of when they take delivery and basically coordinate that with us. You also got to figure that it’s I think a mutual decision. It’s not our one hard -- no, it’s their call or our call. It’s usually a mutual decision as to when they receive the product. The payment terms for early buys typically are May, June timeframe. So in a manner of course they are aware of that and if they take delivery a few weeks earlier, that’s all good and fine.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, exactly. In fact when we do early-buys, David, instead of providing our customers onesie-twosie type needs to replenish their stock at their stores, in a number of categories we provide solid quantities and with those solid quantities comes a little bit lower price.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, specifically for example to building materials, building materials growth, which is primarily for refurbishing at this juncture has been growing at a similar type, around 20% rate for the past now two or three years. Equipment which is primarily driven for replacement activity has been growing on a double-digit right now for the past two-three years. So those are the two big elements in terms of refurbishment and replacement and that’s been strong now for the past two or three years and we don’t see that changing any time soon. New construction has really not recovered to any significant degree. That’s really -- that's where the real big ticket is. And at this juncture we are not seeing any significant movement from a recovery of new pool construction.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. I mean -- I’ll just for in the month-to-date, I think we’re tracking pretty well along the lines of what we did in the first quarter, adjusting out the early buys.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Anthony, we still have the headwinds -- probably the shift as I mentioned in my remarks for equipment. And the fact the equipment margins are lower, that our Company average, and secondly within the context of equipment what you just mentioned in terms of LED lighting, variable speed pumps, high efficiency heaters, all of those kind of products which are higher ticket items do drive our growth margins percent down, although they generate more GP dollars. There are two factors that play favorably for us this year. One factor, having taken just yet to speak off is the geography mix. Last year the seasonal markets, which tend to have a little bit higher gross margin given slightly higher operating costs as a percentage of sales in the year around markets, they, last year were a little bit lower as a percentage of our overall company mix than the normal and therefore as they become a bigger part of our overall mix, this year back to normal, that will be a little bit of a geography mix benefit that we get this year. The other is as we look at our business, we’re constantly searching for ways to improve every facet of our business. And certainly the pressure -- not the pressure per se but the margin reductions that we’ve seen in the last two years is something that has moved up as a priority. So we have invested significant resources internally as well as some external to really address margins and find ways to improve our basically pricing management as we look at our business. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It would be roughly around a 100 in terms of North America. The emphasis there was always to have one in every major market, certainly don’t need as many as we have shipping locations but certainly we intend to be in every market of any significance. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, Canada is digging out of its snow and Europe has a decent first quarter in terms of year-on-year. They are weighted towards the north as you well know, and this year was a more normal weather year than last year, which was a little bit on the cold side. So therefore they are off to a good start from a sales standpoint. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: You have very good notes, Anthony. One of the items that certainly I have been preaching and a number of others in the industry have been preaching is the fact that store front retailers need to be open when customers need to buy. And over the course of the past 15 plus years, we have seen a gradual shift to expanded hours when customers are buying. Sunday remains a big void in my mind but certainly a good many more retailers are opening on Saturdays and in many cases full day on Saturday. So that wave is happening, certainly not at the pace that I believe is appropriate and they are customers. They’re not part of Pool Corp. So they are customers and they have their own businesses and some listen and reap the benefits and some listen and don’t do -- don’t make any changes and they suffer the consequences. The reality is that those that have listened have extended their hours, have made sure to enhance their store merchandizing, their point of sale activity, bolster their plans in terms of positioning and rotation and that’s together with us in marketing to drive store traffic. All of those retailers are succeeding in doing very well and those that still continue to practice as they did in the 60s and 70s are certainly under pressure. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Typically what happens is there are two factors here at play. One is, if you are in the pool business and you open pools on behalf of the pool owners, typically you have already circulated some communication to your customers to get those pools open and typically those communications begin in February and early March and then depending on the response from those communications, that prompts opening typically in March, April and May and obviously it’s earlier as you are further south, call it in Tennessee, maybe April as you go a little bit further north into Kentucky, southern Ohio and then maybe early May as you get into the rest of the country and Canada. That’s on the ones that are open by a third party. In the case of the pool owners that open up their own pools, in those cases, typically what prompts that is two, three days, four days of good weather. And whenever that hits that happens. For example, I mentioned earlier when Ryan Merkel was asking a question; since he lives in Chicago, Chicago had a very nice weekend. It broke 70, both Friday and Saturday. Unfortunately Sunday turned cold again, and Monday was cold again. Instead of two days -- and that lasted three or four days, that would have promoted pool owners in Chicago to open up their pools. And again it’s almost market-by-market and while I can’t give you blow-a-blow, I think if you look at having four days of 70 plus weather that basically does it. And at that point there is a mass opening of pools in the marketplace.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Larger markets, I’ll start with California. California, all the news about the drought and the lack of rainfall is certainly an issue. It’s more accentuated in Northern California than Southern California. And at this juncture -- and again it’s more of an isolated case but in northern California what that has translated to is a reduced rate or a slowdown in the issuance of permits for new pools, has not really effected the existing pools to any degree because they still are open and need to be maintained. But it has reflected some slowdown in the issuance of new pool permits in certain isolated municipalities. Haven’t seen that in southern California, which is a much bigger market than Northern California. Texas to speak of at this juncture, haven’t heard or seen anything of note and then with respect to Florida, Florida is fine. In fact if anything, it’s too wet. And Arizona, its desert as a matter of course and with a strong base of water underneath. So Arizona has no issues on water.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Two factors play into that. One is geography and the other one is increase sale of nondiscretionary products. So what happens here is if you look for example at our first quarter; our first quarter is heavily weighted by the big four states California, Florida, Texas, and Arizona. Those four states in the quarter represent close to -- not quite but close to two-thirds of our total sales in the quarter. When you go to full year, those four states represent just over 50% of total sales. So what happens is that from a geographic mix, those four states become much smaller percentage of the total mix in the second and third quarters of the year. There is as I mentioned before, in the seasonal market, seasonal markets are obviously not having a flat or almost a flat sales curve, have some in essence built inefficiencies by virtue of the fact that your staffing, your facilities are all geared towards serving the market in then peak season. So because of that your operating expenses as a percentage of sales are higher than the big four states and that’s the market. And the market that captures that with little higher average prices in those seasonal markets than in the big four states, with similar operating margins when it’s all said and done. So that’s factor number one. Factor number two is, what I mentioned earlier, which is the fact that you have, when basically every pool is open, call it by the end of May, June, July, in those months you’re consuming a lot of product. These are maintenance and repair type products, low dollar, non-discretionary and because of that, the gross margin percentage are high.
