Mark Joslin: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. As usual I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2019 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Mark Joslin: Yes, but it was the combination of Easter, which impact pool openings, also the early buys from customers and the loss of the billing day. So that, in total, we think was about $20 million to $30 million. So estimate, we think is really what happened in the quarter.
Mark Joslin: Yes. The other thing to keep in mind, David, is just looking at the housing market overall. Although construction isn't particularly strong, home values have been stable and strong, and that drives a lot of the growth that we've had in renovation replacement. So no change in expectations there.
Mark Joslin: Inflation, yes. Let's be clear about that. That's inflation. So the margin impact, as we discussed, we've gotten the vast majority of that benefit in the first quarter but maybe a little bit bleeding into the second quarter.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And just remember, from a timing standpoint, as Pete said, the seven will come later in the year after the season. So from a revenue standpoint, they really don't benefit us too much, and there's a little bit of expense that comes with those as they get opened.
Mark Joslin: Sure, Garik. Just going back to our guidance is probably the best way to answer that, which – what we look for generally on SG&A is growth at about 60of gross profit growth. And in doing that, the net provides us the leverage. In terms of how we get that leverage is that really goes to capacity creation initiatives that we have going on throughout the company, which is ways to make better utilization of our investments in people, facilities, vehicles. POOL360 one of the ways that we do that on the labor side, and we've had very good results there due to a strong kind of focused effort from our team, and really explaining to our customers the benefits to them and giving them new adoptions on POOL360. So in any case, that all – the POOL360 and then a number of other initiatives around capacity creation are what helps drive that operating leverage. And using that 60% for the year and then kind of backing that in by quarter based on where we finished Q1 and factoring in what I mentioned on exchange rates and the billing day in the third quarter should help – get that model out for you.
Mark Joslin: Well, if you think about the fact that we’re in this time of year when pools are starting to get open, so you have a little bit of everything going on. So the weather impacts construction days, and construction days as both renovation and new build. And then the delay in pool openings affects chemical usage and the start-up expenses that you incur when you open a pool. So you’ve got some maintenance products. The things that didn’t – pools that weren’t properly maintained where things may have frozen in the winter or deferred maintenance from the end of the year. Somebody said I’ll wait until the next season to change the light that had burned out. So really it – it really is across the board, Ken.
Mark Joslin: And it’s a big range, Ken. As you know, there is a lot of variation, and the variation is driven by what the customer wants as well as how well the customer homeowner is feeling economically. And so when you are sitting on equity in your home and you have a pool that is, let’s call it, long as a tooth, it needs a number of things. And you’re more likely to buy today because of all the features and benefits that have been having over time. There is just such a wide variety of things that you can do with your pool in terms of the pool finishes and tile and fountains and fire. And really, the other thing too is, Ken, is starting to appear, and it’s sorely needed in the industry is technology, things that make a pool easier to own whether it’s the next generation of robotic cleaners or whether it’s the next generation of robotic cleaners or whether it’s being able to control your pool even on a retrofit basis from your phone. Those products are just starting to really come out and gain exposure in the market, and that’s also going to just – it’ll simply expand – it will expand the market. I mean there’s a – of the 5.5 million in-ground pools for instance, 3.5 million of those, we believed, operate on a mechanical time clock. And every one of those is a candidate for an automation update, which for relatively nominal amount allows you to control that pool from your phone. So the long answer, the wide variety, and we’ve expanded our share of products as well as our presence by opening these entity centers, where homeowners can come in. So we don’t want have a specific number. It’s just a…
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. We delivered a solid first quarter despite the cooler and weather impacted many of our year-round markets. Our sales were up 2% overall, while our base business grew 1%. Keep in mind that the first quarter of 2018 had one additional billing day, which is a 2% drag on the quarter, and currency exchange negatively impacted our 2019 sales by 1%. Our year-round markets, primarily Florida, California, Arizona and Texas, were up 2% for the quarter. Florida, which experienced favorable weather in the period, saw sales increased 7%, Texas was up 4%, with January and February sales climbing over 7% only to be impacted by a very wet March. California and Arizona, where we saw a nice growth in the first quarter of 2018, saw sales on a combined basis declined 2% as they were impacted by record-breaking cold and rain this year making construction and remodel challenging. We believe the unfavorable weather pattern in the west impacted our sales by $10 million to $15 million based on normal growth rates. Our builders are reporting plenty of pent-up demand, and we believe the shortfall can be made up – or much of the shortfall can be made up assuming normal weather, as these are predominantly year-round markets. Labor remains tight, but especially in the peak months, but we believe that much of this can be made up in the balance of the year. Turning to our green business, which was also challenged with unfavorable weather, our base revenue growth was 5%, reflecting our continued efforts to improve this business and solid demand in the end markets. International sales were up 9% with Europe up 36% in local currency and 20% in U.S. dollars. But remember, this is a seasonally less significant quarter for our European operations so the impact was somewhat muted. It is noteworthy though that Europe had a great weather in 2018, and this pattern is continuing. Our European teams are also executing very well and have been able to take share and leverage our operations. As we look at the North American end markets, retail sales were essentially flat, largely driven by the Easter holiday falling later this year as it tends to delay pool openings and the associated buying and restocking at our independent retailers. Commercial product sales were up 2%. And building materials were strong, with 8% growth in the quarter. Moving on to gross margins. We anticipated – as we anticipated, our overall gross margin percent increased in the quarter by 90 basis points to 29.2%. The increase is largely driven by the strategic inventory buys and the deferral of customer early buys. As the second quarter progresses and we sell-through the remaining pre-increase inventory, we should see a slight uptick in margins, but again this will diminish through the quarter. Overall, gross profit dollars were up a total of 5%, 4% was driven by our base business and 1% from acquisitions. Looking at operating expenses, the team did a very nice job managing expenses. Our base business SG&A costs were up 1%, reflecting efficiency gains and continued investment in technology and growth. Our POOL360 sales were up 32% for the quarter, which is encouraging as it creates capacity for our customers and for our sales centers. As we look at operating income, despite challenging weather, our team remained focused on execution and managed to deliver a 14.5% increase in operating profit for the quarter by leveraging expenses and by leveraging the investments we made in inventory last year. Our base business operating margin percent improved 90 basis points, again, reflecting the efforts of a strong team and a solid plan. From a cash perspective, we delivered a very strong quarter, with cash flow from operating activities improving by almost flow from operating activities improving by almost $73 million from the first quarter of 2018. Much of this improvement is a result of the burn down in incremental inventories that we highlighted during our year-end call. Lastly, as a result of the ASU benefit we saw in the quarter, we are increasing our annual guidance by $0.04. Our new range is $6.09 to $6.39. All in all, our results were very solid given the challenges we faced with weather. We are very fortunate to have the best team in the industry that strives every day to make a difference and be the best channel to market for our suppliers and provide the best value proposition to our over 100,000 valued customers. I will now turn the call over to Mark for some financial commentary.
Peter Arvan: Yes, sure, Ryan. Yes, sales for March when the weather turned, sales picked up. And the high single-digit that you mentioned is what we were experiencing, and that has continued into April.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think a lot of that is weather-driven. Because remember for commercial, it's not just indoor pools. Many of the commercial pools are, frankly, the outdoor pools and the HVAC category as well. So the guys specifically out west in California and Arizona, where the weather was just dreadful, they got behind on the commercial work. So I don't think it's anything other than weather.
Peter Arvan: No. Obviously, we're not going to comment on somebody else's. But as I mentioned in my comments, underlying demand is strong. Builders have plenty of work. And as usual in this industry, when the sun comes out, people get back to work. And as I mentioned with Ryan's question, sales had picked up.
Peter Arvan: I think it'll catch up. There's – as you know, there's big rush to get pools open. And now that the sun is out in most places, with the exception of Texas today, the – I think it'll catch up.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think it's really no different than it's been in the past. We're opportunistic and strategic, right? So everything that – we look at a lot of deals both – we look at green and blue. So as you know, we did a small one on the green side in the end of last year. We did Adcock in the beginning of this year. So there's nothing out there that is transformational for us, so we are opportunistic. When we see an acquisition that fits our strategic plan and we think it's a good cultural fit with us, then we're able to jump on those. But nothing out of the ordinary from what you have seen in the past.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think that’s a fairly good range. There's been no real – one of the suppliers has announced a small increase kind of preseason this year, but I think the numbers that we have talked about in the past are still intact.
Peter Arvan: Yes. We say our new construction – so last year, new pool construction was in 80,000 units, and that was up from 75,000 units the year prior. So I would expect a similar increase this year, although we're a little bit behind because of the weather in the beginning of the year, but there's still plenty of time to make that up. The rest of the market, so you have the organic growth with just the new pools in the market. You have building material sales, which for us have been strong. So the renovation market continues to be strong, so I don't expect anything from a different trend in that area. As we talked about before, a lot of what drives the – or limits the demand – or limits the improvement is labor. And there hasn't been a big change in the labor pool, so the demand is there. So the same growth rates that you have seen in the past by category are probably going to maintain for the year. Again, when it comes to new pool construction, there's not going to be a big shift there. And those same contractors that are doing new pool construction are also doing renovation.
Peter Arvan: Interesting to call out. Well, I mentioned that the quarter was impacted by a couple of things, one, being favorable exchange, and that should continue. Although as we get into the second quarter, the impact is less significant there but will still benefit us, assuming rates stay about where they are, with the U.S./euro being a primary rate that impacts the expenses. And the other thing that benefited us in the quarter was just a loss of a billing day, so it impact sales, but it also impacts the number of expense days. So fixed costs, in particular, get pushed out. As I said, I think on the last call, we lose the day in the first quarter but gain it back in the third quarter, and so a little bit heavier expenses there. Other than that, the trends are pretty much as expected. We benefited a little bit on the bonus line, just in terms of how we booked that based on expectations compared to last year. Not big enough to really call out, but a little bit of benefit there, and everything else was as expected. We did, given the lower sales growth, push out – I think our folks did an excellent job of managing labor costs, and so some of some of the hires and things that generally we'd have gotten started on got pushed back a little bit, and that helped us for the quarter.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So for perspective, remember in the second quarter, we'll do almost twice the sales volume that we did in the first quarter. So by the end of the second quarter, it kind of fades away. Third quarter will be about even. And then on a year-over-year comp basis, fourth quarter will be slightly negative because of the benefit we had last year in the fourth quarter.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So far this year, we've added six. So there was four from the acquisition with Adcock – I'm sorry, so it's five net. Because four from the acquisition in Adcock, two new facilities have come online, and we consolidated one. For the year, we're planning on – at this point, we have nine new approved. So there's two new online already, so expect another seven to come online before year-end. And they're in various stages of construction.
Peter Arvan: No. They're primarily in existing markets. I mean, if you look at our coverage, Anthony, there's not many markets that we're not in. Basically, when we add facility, it's usually because we're running out of capacity in the existing facilities. And we're following the market, so to speak, and growing parts of the geographies that we basically break up a portion that – out of an existing branch. And that becomes the scene for the new branch, and then both of them continue to grow.
Peter Arvan: Right. And remember, all of our new branches go on our focus list as do acquisitions to make sure they get the attention, so that they come online and produce in line with the rest of the company.
Peter Arvan: So I think the answer is yes and yes. So Europe is a good market for us. They – and remember, as I said, they – Europe had a very, very, very good weather pattern. I was over there a couple weeks ago, and they've had a very nice spring. So they're benefiting from that. Our team is very good and is executing. We have a new facility planned in Europe and I would tell you that our M&A strategy for Europe is no different than it is in the U.S. We're strategic and opportunistic. When we find something that makes sense, great. If not, then we basically follow the same expansion strategy that we do here in the U.S.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think given that it's in the western half of the U.S., so there are large markets. And in the whole grand scheme of things, what we'll do in the west between now and year-end, it's really not that big a deal. So we look at $10 million to $15 million, I'm very comfortable saying the $10 million. Could we have risk on $5 million if we have weather – bad weather in the balance of the year at some point? We could. But in the whole grand scheme of what those markets will do, I don't think it's really significant.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I mean it’s – we think about the interior of a pool, I mean there’s so many variables that come into play, and then you have – water chemistry being the biggest one. You can have a pool that has great water chemistry, and the water is always balanced, and that pool finish will last a lot longer than one where the water chemistry is out of balanced and people don’t take care of it. But we think about equipment pad, life cycle, similar to which you would expect for the appliances in your home. And the interior of a pool is probably kind of like a 10-year cycle. So – but there are – a lot of that has to do – it’s not just that it wore out. It is design, changes and features. So some of it is not – it’s not that there’s anything wrong with the finish. It’s just that it’s not aesthetically pleasing and when somebody sees a picture of a new pool and says, wow, that’s great. And it’s a pool that its basic form is a concrete shell. What you put on, it determines – and what you put around it determines what it looks like.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you very much for listening today. Our next conference call is scheduled for July 18th when we will discuss second quarter results for 2019. Have a great day.
