Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys, and congrats on a great quarter and great year.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Manny, the first question I have and I understand it's probably difficult to quantify, but you guys mentioned weather both in the press release and a few times on the call. Is there any way to look at the weather impact, what it may have been in the fourth quarter? Can you quantify how much you think it might have helped revenue?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're correct in that it's hard to quantify, but I think for context, if you're looking to EPS, it's probably about $0.05 in terms of the impact. Again, it's hard to quantify and there are various factors that play into it, but we believe it's about $0.05.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Was there any discernible difference in the growth that you saw in year-round versus seasonal markets, is that may be another way to look at it?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I mean, what happened here is, first of all, in the more seasonal markets, the numbers are just a lot smaller, so therefore, when you look at those numbers, the fact that they would have been a little stronger than they were during the first three quarters of the year I think is just reflective of the fact that there were some activity versus very little to no activity. In terms of the year-round markets, they were also strong in the fourth quarter. So net-net, I mean, it was all across the board. And part of it is also the fact that the psychology was generally positive as well in terms of there was demand and people were trying to just fill that demand.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Another way to look at this maybe, if you look at the growth in the first and fourth quarters, it was north of 10%; the middle two quarters and the summer strong part of the season was a little lower. Is that maybe an indication of the strength that you're seeing in the refurbishment business, assuming that people would rather get that done in those seasonal markets and in the off season? I understand obviously the pre-buy helped a little bit, it sounds like it's going to again in the first quarter of 2016. But – and I know you laid out sort of the different growth rates between remodel and retail, but is that maybe another part of what's driving those shoulder seasons growing a little faster than the typical strong part of the year for you guys?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Definitely, remodel and replacement activity is strong, and to the extent that, weather permitting, that work gets done. So, that applies across the board. And that's reflected in the strong fourth quarter sales-wise, which was across the board, Sunbelt and Snowbelt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then last thing and I'll hop back in the queue just in terms of the revenue growth assumption within your earnings guidance. What type of revenue growth rate are you expecting at the midpoint of the earnings guidance, and how much of that is market growth versus market share?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're looking at about – well, mid-single digits would be the top line growth, and we're looking at the market this year to grow maybe a shade over half of that, maybe about – weighted basis, about 3%.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. All right. That helps. I appreciate it, Manny. Thank you.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Just a real quick housekeeping item. It looks like you made a couple of smallish acquisitions in the quarter. Mark, what is the combined annual revenue for those two businesses?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: About $20 million.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: About $20 million. Okay. Thank you, Manny.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. But by the way, you can presume relatively modest, very modest, earnings contribution the first year.
Kenneth R. Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, sir.
Kenneth R. Zener: Manny, you cited your awareness of macro concerns and you said you would not be unaffected by that. It sounded like it was more theoretical. But could you give us a little context for – if these headwinds develop further, could you give us context how your company might be sensitive in terms of earnings, vis-à-vis the sensitivity your company had in 2007, 2008 which you guys made some decisions that may have kind of probably exacerbated the leverage, but could you just give us a little context for if these headwinds are happening, what you would expect to see so investors could have some concept of how this cycle might treat you differently? Thank you.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Sure. So, let's take the business in pieces. The basic maintenance and repair which is majority of our business, very resilient, very low growth, but very resilient and will continue to grow independent of macro environment. New construction is still extremely depressed; still down about 70% versus what it was in the peak of 2005, 2006 time period. So, I don't see that being impacted at all. So therefore, what we get to is remodeling and replacement activity. And remodeling and replacement activity domestically in the Blue side of our business is about 29% of our business and that has recovered very nicely in a very consistent basis beginning in 2011. So to that end, what happens here, and this is the pause that to the extent that anybody perceives any concerns, they could delay some of that remodeling activity or more discretionary replacement activity. And that's the area that again could slow down its level of growth. So, when you look at our overall weighted numbers, when you factor in that maintenance and repair is growing at low single digits for us, virtually nil for the industry, then what you're left with is that's the factor that's going to drive it. And again, we've seen no evidence of that to-date and you can see that in the strong fourth quarter results. So, we're just – it's out there and, again, we haven't felt anything just yet but we're cautious in that regard. And the impact to our earnings, it's factored into our guidance.
Kenneth R. Zener: Absolutely. And I do appreciate that, Manny. Would it be – since the hardscapes, it sounds like kind of what we're talking about there, in part, where you've done some acquisitions. Would the operating leverage for any change in sales there be really different than your kind of 15%, 20% incremental EBIT that you kind of guide us to generally?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, it would be very similar. And really what you're talking about is order of magnitude, so therefore what it translates to is if that grows 1% to 2% less, right, that sector, it impacts our overall sales growth by let's say 1%, well that's what you're talking about.
Kenneth R. Zener: Thank you very much.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
David J. Manthey: Hi. Good morning.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David J. Manthey: First off, Manny, in your monologue you mentioned sort of this flatness because of the installed pool base and lack of inflation in the minor maintenance and repair business. Should we assume that fourth quarter and full year were both pretty much flat in that segment?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. They – no discernible difference there.
David J. Manthey: Yeah. I was just trying to get some comfort around your ability to continue to find those areas to reduce costs given that the performance is such that it does indicate that your incentive pay should continue to rise as your profitability goes up, but it sounds like you have a number of things going on there. Maybe related to that also, Manny, in terms of technology which you mentioned as a productivity enhancement tool, could you just refresh us on maybe with the one or two things that you think are having the biggest impact on the technology front right now?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: If it were one or two, I'd be remiss, but let me just – because in distribution, there's seldom one silver bullet. You got to have many, many bullets and you got to keep on firing continuously to drive performance improvement and raise the service level at the same time. If I were to highlight a few, certainly our B2B portal that enables customers to do a lot of stuff, and in fact we have linked that in with a number of customers in their businesses to enable automatic replenishment. Those kind of tools are very efficient for our customers, enhance our service level, and provide some efficiencies for us. When I look at, for example, how we pick orders in our facilities, and the fact that we have largely converted domestically to what we refer to internally as paperless pick, which is basically using automation and saving on paper cost, but more importantly, really enabling us to be much more efficient in the pick process is another tool. When we look at our DCs, for example, a few years ago, we went to voice pick. And, on average, when we did the study in our first location, and this is about four, five years ago, we were saving seven seconds per pick. So, I mean, I'm just giving you some color and context of different things that we continue to do and work on to drive a higher service level, as well as reduce mistakes, as well as do it all more efficiently.
David J. Manthey: That's very helpful. Thanks a lot, Manny.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
David M. Mandell: Good morning.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David M. Mandell: The $0.05 you cited from the better weather in 4Q, do you think that's incremental sales and earnings, profitability? Or do you think that's $0.05 that came out of – pulled forward from first quarter of 2016?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Incremental.
David M. Mandell: All right. And then as far as looking at 2016, on the gross margin line. What's your outlook there and what are some of the puts and takes?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There, David, we have two areas that are kind of going in different directions. I'll speak about the negatives first. What we have there is, from a product – and this is mainly product-mix driven, from a product mix standpoint, when you're looking at remodeling and replacement activity, those are typically bigger ticket items and by virtue of them being bigger ticket, generally speaking, the margin percents are smaller than on smaller ticket items where the cost to serve is logically much higher than the percentage of the product being sold. So, that's factor number one, kind of going against us. Factor number two going against us is that manufacturers have progressively been investing in innovation and, as a result of that innovation, providing products or developing and coming to market with new products that are either much more efficient and/or provide greater aesthetic value. In both cases, the products are sold for a higher price. And what drives there is some of the same logic, but because of them being a higher price, generally speaking, we get more GP dollars but typically a smaller percent. So those are the two drivers against us. On the other side of the equation going against that, we continue to improve our service level by what we just covered earlier, that there's efficiency gains but there's also service level gains. If I talk to you about our in-stock position, the stock outs or fill rates that we have and the fact that they continue to improve every single year and even enable to do that with greater turns, I mean, that's just part of the equation. So, factor number one is improve service levels to the customer, and then secondly, we have to sell that; so, improves sales execution. And then third, improve sourcing. So to mitigate the impact or the adverse impact of product mix in both the forms that I described earlier, improve service levels, improve sales execution, improve sourcing execution should approximately negate that. So, our expectations are that gross margins prospectively should be about flat in terms of percent, but there are efficiencies being gained by virtue of the fact that our cost to serve proportionately is less when we're selling higher value products or – whether it'd be in aggregate dollars or by virtue of the fact that it's a variable speed pump or it's a single speed pump or LED lighting versus fluorescent lighting or whatever.
David M. Mandell: And then my last question, within the quarter, do you guys have the growth rates for the Blue and Green businesses just in the fourth quarter?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We didn't communicate that, but in the fourth quarter, the Green business increased at a rate faster (sic) [slower] than our Blue business.
David M. Mandell: All right. Thanks for taking my questions.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
David M. Mann: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Congratulations on the year and the 20 years.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
David M. Mann: It's been fun to watch. I guess, first question, sort of along the same lines of some of these about the SG&A line is the flow-through for the year was – to EBIT was in the I think 23% range for the company and maybe 28% on the base business. I think in the past, you had – you kind of talked in the mid to higher teens as a flow-through rate. How should we think about that going forward in 2016 and beyond?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a great question, David, and I think here what impacts that is a little bit of math because of the exchange. As you know, and many on the call know, exchange cost us approximately 2% in terms of top line and certainly benefited us on the expense side, but what happens here is if you do a – on a constant currency analysis and you assume that we would have, I'll call it, round numbers, $40 million more in sales, then the improvement in terms of operating or contribution margin is inside our normal 15% to 20% range.
David M. Mann: Okay. Great. That's helpful. On the...Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: If I may, David, I just want to clarify something. I misspoke a second ago in answering the Green versus the Blue. I was looking at the wrong line on my chart. The Green business grew a little slower than the Blue business, but both had very strong growth in the fourth quarter.
David M. Mann: Very good. On the comments you've made about technology. Can you give us a sense on where you are in terms of some of the initiatives? It sounds like you have numerous initiatives. I mean, where are you in terms of harnessing some of that to drive some of this ceiling on head count, if you will. Was last year sort of the inflection or do we still have a decent amount of that efficiency to come?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: For the past 15 years, we typically have between 50 to 75 projects underway. And as those projects get accomplished, new ones are added to the list, and the list is as robust now as it was 15 years ago, although obviously, we've accomplished a lot over that period of time.
David M. Mann: I guess the question I'm asking and it seems like it was asked earlier in different, is why was this year perhaps more beneficial in terms of harnessing some of that productivity, given that you've been doing it. And I've heard you talk about doing it over the last 15 years. So, what was different this year and will 2016 differential as well, or would it not necessarily see as much head count benefit?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, no. If you look at it, really again, I think you got to play the impact of currency into the mix. So, if you add the $40 million in sales and you add also the associated expenses, right, you still get to the – not quite the same but a similar operating profit improvement. And the leverage, while it may had been a little higher, it wasn't exceptionally higher than previous years.
David M. Mann: Got you. One other question. Texas gets a lot of discussion in terms of what's going on there in terms of a slowing economy and the effect of the energy price decline. Can you give a sense on how you're looking at Texas and this guidance you've given for 2016 and how much caution or expectation you have in there for that?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, there's two parts to the answer. First, when you look at Texas, Texas has a very diversified economy, and as a result, it's proven to be very resilient when you look at our results in 2015. Houston, which is of the four largest markets the one you would think would be affected the most, Houston had a very, very solid year; very strong growth in every important line other than expenses that had a more modest growth. So Houston did very well. So, that's part one, and if you look at markets like Dallas and Austin, extremely robust; very little dependence on energy. In fact, you can easily make the argument that particularly North Texas suffered with heavy rainfalls during the course of 2015. Where we are – so, that's part one. And by the way, just to support that, our growth in Texas in the fourth quarter, both Blue and Green, was a little bit above the company average, okay. So, that gives you context there. What we anticipate is that the markets that are going to be most affected with the energy situation are more East and West Texas, as well as neighboring states like Oklahoma and the western portions of Louisiana. We believe those are the ones that really will feel the impact more so than Dallas Metroplex, Houston Metroplex, Austin, or San Antonio.
David M. Mann: Thank you. Good luck in 2016.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, sir.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Not a problem. Yes, so – and if you could just give us a sense – you mentioned also, Manny, about the Oklahoma and some parts of Louisiana as well, so just wanted to see – how should we think about this kind of going forward as far as the impact of lower oil prices and some of the job losses in the energy sector?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Texas represents about, represented approximately 14% of our sales last year. And just for context, California is our biggest state overall, and Florida and Texas are very similar.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And as far as – you had mentioned that the other portions like Oklahoma and Western Louisiana, are those significant markets for you in the big scheme of things, or how should we think about that?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: They're not – nowhere near as significant as the first three, obviously. And even when you look at it, those are – we do business and we have locations in Lafayette, Shreveport, Longview. Now, we opened recently in Lubbock. So, there are markets that we serve and we also serve a number of them remotely from other centers. But in the big picture, when you look at the overall company, you're talking about again fractions of 1% in terms of the anticipated impact on overall business.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. And also, looking at the Green business, I think you had mentioned that it was essentially I think flat for the year because of the fact that you discontinued some product lines. So, just to put things in perspective, if you were to exclude the discontinued product lines, what would your base business sales growth be?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our base business sales growth would have been about the same as our domestic Blue business.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay. Got it. Okay. And lastly, I did notice that your CapEx in 2015 was a bit higher than normal. I think usually you guys target 0.75% to 1% of your sales for CapEx. It was higher than that, so what was that mostly for and how should we think about that going forward?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Two things, or a two part answer. First part answer is the major drivers there were delivery vehicles and secondly, IT. And in terms of going forward, I would look for that to be 1% to 1.5%. Years ago, we would lease most of our vehicles and a few years ago, we shifted over to buying those vehicles instead of leasing.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Mark Zikeli: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is Mark Zikeli on for Garik Shmois. Congratulations on a good year, guys.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Mark Zikeli: Yeah. Just starting off, really good cash flow generation. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about your uses of cash heading into 2016 as far as new store openings and acquisitions? Just give us a general sense of progression in the first part of the year, and how much of anything is embedded in the guidance?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. First, use of cash is internal needs, which is both in the form of CapEx as well as working capital, CapEx being delivery fleet, IT, and leasehold improvements on facilities. In terms of working capital that's driven to support growth, both on the AR side as well as on the inventory side for existing business as well as working capital support the opening of new locations. And we have a handful of new locations targeted for this year, as we do most years. Generally speaking, new locations don't add anything to the bottom line in their first year to speak of. But it's a – basically provides us a platform for growth as we grow share in those markets over the course of time. That's number one. Number two is or are acquisitions, same methodology in terms of return on invested capital drivers that we have and everything else, or filters as we have in everything else. And to that end, that number is not going to be super material in the big picture over the course of time. Most of the acquisitions that we do are relatively small for our size, and they basically are focused on markets where we have little to no presence as a way to enter the market. And we do that and always play that off against opening our own new locations. And over the last 15 years or so, we've done a lot of both. In fact, if anything, more opening our own than acquisitions. That's number two. Number three is dividends. Dividends; we target a payout rate of 35% of net income, 35% of net income, and that's reviewed every year by the board, and the board will do that at the May Board Meeting and determine the go-forward dividend for the next four quarters. And that's number three in terms of priority. Then after that, it depends where we are from a capital structure standpoint, or we are on debt vis-á-vis our targeted capital structure. Our targeted capital structure is 1.5 times to 2 times debt to EBITDA. So, provided that we are below 2 times debt to EBITDA, we are buying shares. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we are targeting to buy at least $100 million to $150 million worth. In a typical year, that number will, over the course of time, grow with our profitability, but $100 million to $150 million is a reasonable number to expect. It could be higher. Last year, it was a shade lower; we finished at $92 million. But again, the target in the current level is approximately $100 million to $150 million. If there is an acquisition or something else that pops up that gets us over 2 times debt to EBITDA, we would probably still buy shares but at a more modest rate.
Mark Zikeli: All right. Thank you for that, guys. Good luck.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Brent Dwayne Rakers: Yes. Good morning. Just wanted to start on the guidance for this year. I think in a typical year, Manny or Mark, you exclude future share repurchases from that EPS guidance level, and I guess given the pretty significant buybacks year-to-date, I was wondering if that was included in that number or not?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It sure was, Brent.
Brent Dwayne Rakers: Okay. Great. And then, obviously, you've talked a lot about the weather dynamic in Q4, and a lot of talk has been about extending the season in some of these markets and with that comment, I was wondering how the chemicals category might have been impacted by that?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chemicals are for basic pool maintenance and the chemical sector of the industry – I'll give you the industry information first, was modestly up because of the late season, but very modestly up; I'm talking about 1% to 2%. Our own chemical sales were up a little more than that and chemicals, as you can well imagine, is an important – a very important product category within our retail, the retail portion of our business.
Brent Dwayne Rakers: And then, Manny, I guess any time you extend a season this way and you certainly get this much optimism among your customers, I was wondering if that was translating at all to maybe sparking some interest in new pool construction, given the longer season this year?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, that's – I am optimistic that some of that will begin to kick in. We are still – let me then start with a positive. We began to see last year financing begin to open up where you had appraisals and banks willing to lend close to 80% loan to value on, I'll call it, current appraisal values as opposed to very conservative appraisal values when you're doing a remodeling. So, that's beginning to open up. Frankly, I believe that higher interest rates are going to help us there. As banks are able to realize a return they will be inclined to take a little bit more risk than being as selective as they have been for the past seven years where basically they have only been lending to pristine credits, whether it'd be in the commercial or consumer side.
Brent Dwayne Rakers: Great. And then I guess maybe, well, two other quick questions. One, if you could maybe comment on what your outlook is for product-price inflation this year. And then secondly, you've talked a lot over the last several years about this recovery and kind of deferred remodeling-replacement spending. I think you started talking about that in 2010, 2011. Maybe wondered how far along do you think you are to reaching those original recovery goals, and maybe how much more legs is with that piece of the recovery story?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. In terms of inflation, negligible. I think the market volatility, the energy costs being what they are, I think there is going to be negligible price increases. There is going to be a higher, I'll call it, a better mix of products from manufacturers from an innovation standpoint. But in terms of more of the commodity-type products, there'll be no inflation there to speak of. In terms of the recovery, let me just first address remodeling and replacement. And that – as I mentioned earlier, that recovery we believe began in earnest in 2011 and has continued to-date. Our expectations were that by – on a dollar-weighted basis, that sector was down almost 40% at the trough from normalized behavior. We believe that, by last year, that behavior was about 15% or so, mid-teens percent, below normalized behavior. And we believe that that recovery will continue such that probably by 2018, at the latest 2019, behavior will be back to normal. And in that, there has been some recovery component as well from some of that deferred activity. So, that's number one. In terms of new pool construction, new pool construction is still down about 70%. For that to really kick back in and really gather significant momentum, we need financing to be available for the middle of the road homeowner, from a credit standpoint. And that middle tier homeowner, single-family homeowner, is really the key target as they look to improve the quality of their home life.
Brent Dwayne Rakers: Great. Thank you, Manny.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
