Mark Joslin: Well Ryan I don't know that seasonality will be different per se. Obviously the year started off well and weather was relatively cooperative. In terms of not repeating, we've lapped now the expense reductions that we had last year which began with -- really with the second quarter last year, things like travel, and meeting expenses, some of the restraints on hiring, advertising expenses. So, we won't have those operating expense benefits. But from a sales standpoint nothing really different going forward from a seasonality view. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Prices vary in -- by parts of the country. I mean overall, I would tell you the price on dichlor and trichlor which is the product that was impacted by the shortage, they're up about 60%. So if you think about how that's going to shake out for the balance of the year? It will probably remain at elevated level because I believe that the industry is going to be short for the season. Now that simply means that, people are going to move their method of sanitization to another product either a granular product or a liquid product. But there's no shortage of ways to sanitize the pool. It just simply means at a certain point people will shift. We've also seen certain parts of the country accelerating the use of salt as a method of sanitization too. 
Mark Joslin: Yeah. In terms of the second part of your question that's an interesting question. So I guess it was -- if there is a recession let's say and some slack in demand, does the capacity creation initiatives result in less downside, which we'd have to think about a little bit. It's interesting. I tend to think of less demand the fact that we have so much of our business tied to maintenance as well as the leverage we have in our model, which has a fair amount of incentive compensation that goes down in a kind of downside environment. But I don't know, instead of adding a person when demand picks up, we don't have that person to let go let's say when the volume drops. So, I don't necessarily see the capacity creation softening the downside.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thank you Anthony for your kind words. The first quarter was less. So, some of the price increases that we've seen as we said we raised our guidance just in the last two months. So, we're looking at 2% to 3% kind of across the board coming into the year which is what I would say our first quarter saw in terms of inflation. And then price increases have been announced by a fairly wide variety of vendors with some different implementation dates but generally late first quarter into early second quarter. And so as we look at those and the overall impact on the year we think it's now at the 4% to 5% range. 
Mark Joslin: I think Q4 will be a challenge, frankly, but flat to positive is certainly not out of the cards. I wouldn't bet on that, but it's possible. But again, we're -- I mentioned the comps, that's a really tough comp. We had very favorable weather. Weather is always an important factor in our business, particularly in the shoulders of the season. And if we have similar weather then, okay. I would -- with the inflation and the acquisitions that certainly helps our optimism about the Q4 performance.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And I think the one though with the 2Q -- Q1 paling in comparison to Q2 refer to back. But from a sales standpoint, yes, the 20% is overall for the year, which obviously includes our first quarter which was very strong. It includes inflation expectations for the remainder of the year. It includes the acquisitions that we have completed and also the kind of comps that we have as I mentioned, the last year's growth rates. 
Mark Joslin: Yes, that's correct. I mean it wasn't a big change in outlook. It went from 20 to 40 down to flat to 20 down. So basically a 20 basis point improvement in expectation. And definitely the trajectory of that would be better earlier and more difficult later, particularly the fourth quarter, I think our fourth quarter gross margin improvement was around 160 basis points last year, so significant. And that will be very surprising to get close to that number this year. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. So Ryan I think it's best we can tell, it's about halfway done. And I think that there was some initial triage that was done to get some water moving, but there's still a product shortage on some things, so that when products are available then they'll have to go back. So, we think that it's about halfway done. 
Peter Arvan: Okay. That's a lot. So let me see if I can get you what you're looking for. As far as the capacity creation and the run rate that we're seeing, you have to consider that -- you really can't think through that unless you parse it into seasonal markets and year-round markets. So the year-round markets are very busy right? But they're busy with construction and remodel, because in places like Dallas, Texas and such there aren't a whole lot of people swimming yet. But there's a lot of construction going on. So we'll see an uptick in those areas in the products that are used in the maintenance products if you will. So our chemical spend if the water warms up, chemical spend will go up significantly in the seasonal markets as people start using the pools more -- I'm sorry in the year-round market. So people even this time of year usage is vastly diminished over what it is in the summer months except for places like South Florida. So what we'll see is that there'll be -- there'll continue to be an increase and the capacity creation initiatives that we have will continue to pay dividends in both those markets because the nature of the business will shift. So POOL360 for instance will be -- will continue to be a big part of our productivity result. The truck utilization, the velocity slotting all of those things continue to help us. They simply add capacity to us and hold the cost levels from increasing nearly as fast as the revenues are.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think the labor market has been tight for quite some time. So, there are certain positions that are in short supply for virtually every business drivers for instance. In the construction trade though, I mean, labor has been tight for quite some time. There's certainly been some inflation on that side, but I haven't heard of crazy increases. So, I don't know that even the inflation that they're seeing on labor would act as a throttle on demand at this point.
Peter Arvan: Yes. As I mentioned certainly chemicals the 3-inch trichlor and dichlor tabs are probably at the top of the list from an industry-wide shortage position. We -- if you go into the equipment category so heat is in very high demand and frankly has been for almost a year now. But again this is where we really distinguish ourselves for our customers. Because if many of our competitors may have one or two locations in a market and if they don't have it they simply don't have it. But given the density that we have in most of the major markets, if I don't have it in one location chances are I have it in another location or I have another brand. So, the dealers are becoming much more brand agnostic for the products that are in the highest shortage position which has been good for them and good ultimately for the pool owner that wants to use the pool.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So as I mentioned, new pool construction last year was 96,000 units. And it was about a 23% increase. I think this year, given the strong demand, it will be 110,000 plus. If you think about historically how POOLCORP has grown, we've grown by continuing to expand our network. So we try and add capacity within the four walls and grow the business, which was what creates the operating leverage that we've been able to do. But at a certain point, as new pool construction continues to grow and the installed base continues to grow, proximity of our locations to those pools matters. So there's two reasons for us to expand our footprint. One is, we're simply out of capacity. And then, when we look at the geographic circle that an individual branch or sales center covers, we simply look at and say, all right, where is the market growing? We take a piece of the existing branch. That becomes seed business for the new branch and we push it out further and closer to where the pool density is increasing. That takes load off of the existing branch, which allows them to grow again. And then, by having a new sales center on the ground in a new growing area that allows us to grow. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. That's a good question, Ken. I think, it varies, of course. Historically, there is a second mortgage market, which did a lot of the financing for pools. That market doesn't exist in the same form. However, there's a lot of home equity out there that consumers have tapped into with home equity loans, lines of credit. And they're using that for expansions of the home environment, remodeling and additions. At the same time, the stock market has been healthy as you know. And so, people have more discretionary spending coming from that. They've cut back other discretionary expenses. So I would say, in general, there's more discretionary funds that people have available. But at the same time, they're taking advantage of, let's call it easy financing from home values, which have accelerated significantly over the last several years. So it's a combination and it's – roughly, my guess would be 50% to 60% of new pool purchases, which are big spends, right? So the pool itself might be $40,000 to $50,000, and then you throw in the landscaping and patio, and maybe some furniture could be $80,000 $100,000 spend. And for most people that would be some financing involved in getting that spend completed.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. It's a – share as you know, because there's not any external reporting that everybody reports into similar to other industries. So it's basically an estimate. So every time they – excuse me – update the market and new pool construction then we – basically that starts our work to try and back into what's going on from a share perspective. So what I can tell you Ken is, we are – we are very confident that we are taking share. And the reason we're taking share as I mentioned before, it's simply the strength of the network, because we have more options for any dealer than anybody else bar none. What's difficult though is to say at this stage, how much of it is – is pure share gain. So we're confident that, we're taking share in a considerable amount, I would bet. But not – we're not certain enough for me to blurt out a number to you just yet.
Peter Arvan: Yes. That's a very good question. So we actually – part of – as you remember, I have four operating pillars, right, safety, growth, profitability and employer of choice. So employer of choice is where this activity that you're talking about comes into play. So it starts out with making sure that we have the right resources, and frankly that you have a plan. So the – if you look at the depth of our experience bench at the leadership level, whether you're talking about the region manager or the general managers, these folks have been doing it for a very long time. And even though you're busy, when you're organized and when you're structured and you have a plan, it just works. Now we're busier certainly, no question. But it's about organization and structure and tools.  So the efforts that we put on capacity creation, whether it's, the velocity slotting in the warehouse or POOL360 training or BlueStreak. All of those things for instance, we did a lot -- even as busy as we were in the first quarter. Our first quarter results will pale in comparison to the second quarter. So that's where we had time and even in the fourth quarter to work on some of those things, so that they pay dividends for us as we ramp up and get even busier.  It's a process. We don't take for granted the dedication and the hard work of our folks. The results that we posted are -- would be impossible without people working very, very hard and very good leadership. But I think our bonus plan rewards those folks, right? Because it's a total add them up for everybody. So the better the company does then the better they do. So I think it's a lot of things that we use to make sure that the team stays energized and equipped. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I don't think you can -- especially in the summer months when the water is hot, you simply can't say, well, I'm not going to -- we're going on vacation, so I'm not going to run the pool, or I'm not going to put chemicals in the pool. You simply can't because it turns green and frankly then becomes a very difficult thing to return back to normal. So I don't think that's the case. I guess, the way I think about it is these projects are long-term investments, right? It's not a question of whether I want to go on a vacation or not, which tends to be a shorter-term decision. That and many of these folks that are about to have their pools started, if somebody's starting your pool today, I promise you that that contract was signed a long time before today. So the contracts that people are signing are really for future installation. And there -- this is typically a large investment. So I don't really think that even with -- if people start to travel and say, I'm going to jump on a plane and I'm going to go somewhere on vacation, we don't really see that altering their plans for an investment project in the backyard.
Peter Arvan: I think it's fairly broad-based. It wasn't like a lot of large projects broke. I think you had hotels, which in March last year were essentially shuttered. So people are traveling and bodies of water are in use, because remember a year ago there was questions about the safety of the pool and such. So I don't think it was any one large thing. I just think it's the economy is opening up a little bit. People are starting to travel more. There -- and the public pools have been deemed safe as long as they're treated properly. So I think it's just that.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you. In closing, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to the entire POOLCORP family and to our customers and suppliers, because without their combined effort these extraordinary results would not have been possible. Thank you for joining us on our call today, and we look forward to reviewing our second quarter results with you on July 22. We hope everybody have a great day. Thank you.
