Melanie Hart: Welcome everyone to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2023 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Peter Arvan, our President and CEO, will begin the call with his comments.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So our expectations just for kind of the revenue over the year is not changed significantly from where we talked about when we gave kind of our original guidance. Although, obviously we didn't have the impact of the weather on the first quarter. So from a comp standpoint, when you're just doing the comparison, the first quarter base business last year was at 26% growth, and then that up was only 10% for second quarter. So when you look at the comparison for second quarter, it's not as difficult of a comparison. So our original guidance was that we would see a larger decline kind of in the first half of the year, and then that would move to kind of modest growth for the second half. And so we would expect that to play out pretty similarly to that just with the larger decline in the first half because of the weather on the first quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So for the Horizon business, we didn't make any changes within our top line assumptions to what we had put out at the beginning of the year. So that will stay at a decline of 5% to 10% is the range on the green business.
Melanie Hart: Well -- and the only thing just to mention, the -- on the maintenance side, that was the volume related versus our expectation on inflation, still remains around 4% for the full year.
Melanie Hart: So the SG&A dollars will follow volumes. So kind of within our range. It could be -- you could look at it as kind of negative two to plus two compared to last year, depending upon where the top line falls. The key to that is, when you look at first quarter, we talked about some of the activities that we had related to some of our customer events and our investments in our POOL360 technology and some advertising and marketing things that we've been focused on. And really first quarter gives us the ability to manage those special projects from a strategic standpoint. So when we get to second and third quarter, that's when you're going to see the larger increases from a staffing, from freight overtime. So those are really where we see a lot of those more variable expenses come into play. So we would certainly expense that -- expect that the expense growth when you look at kind of a 6% in first quarter going down to something significantly less than that for the full year that we would see that leverage come through in the second and third quarters.
Melanie Hart: So what are you starting with the base is, well, it's also going to be impacted by the new pool construction side as well. And then we also had the early buys where last year the first quarter benefited about 2% from early buys.
Melanie Hart: So within kind of the top level of our range versus the bottom level of the range, there is some variability and kind of our top expectations. So depending upon which way you model to, you'll get a point or a couple of points.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So inflation overall for the quarter was a little bit higher than the 4% that we're expecting for the year, because we did have some carryover, when you're doing just a comparison first quarter over first quarter. So I would say 4% to 5% total inflation for the quarter. With that, the equipment's on the higher end. Inflation for chemicals actually wind up right around four. So when you look at the negative 11, it's plus four for inflation and negative 15 for volumes as it relates to the weather. But our overall expectation for the year on inflation, it's still going to be about four. So we'll catch a little bit higher at the beginning of the year. And then as we get to fourth quarter, we'll see that moderate from a comparison standpoint. Built into that 4% on the chemicals, we are seeing some pressures on the trichlor, but that is being offset and really offset to the positive because we saw the 4% for the year or for the quarter, excuse me, on other product categories.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. We were very pleased with our ability to be able to right size inventory in the first quarter. It did increase from year-end, but that is very typical from a seasonal standpoint, and we want to make sure that all of the sales centers are stocked up for the season. If you go back and look at it historically, the dollar amount of what we increase from year-end to first quarter was significantly less than what we would've normally needed to do, because of the inventory that we had on hand. So from a management standpoint, we have corporate resources that look at that and evaluate what we have on hand by sales center, as well as also local resources in each of the markets that are responsible for the management of the overall inventory levels. So we are definitely pleased with the progress that we've made. When you look at the dollar increase this year, first quarter compared to last year first quarter, and you look at it by product line, we are really exactly where we want to be. The two areas where we have more inventory this year versus last year is on controls and variable speed pumps. And that's because we were still short in first quarter on those two particular product lines. So we've made really good progress. As we get through second quarter, we will continue to bring that down from both a number and a growth standpoint year-over-year with the kind of full expectation that by the end of third quarter, would be when we would be more in line with our historical levels from a days inventory on hand. And that'll prepare us to really go forth in the fourth quarter and evaluate the early buy opportunities from the vendors and make the appropriate decisions that'll set us up for 2024.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. Mostly it is going to be focused on the comps when you're looking at it. So we would expect that the trend on the daily sales would continue on a good pace. But we do start to see some of the new pool construction permits and the construction activities start to slow down really at the beginning -- the beginning of fourth quarter. Kind of started a little bit in the end of third quarter. So the comps there, certainly will get easier on the new construction side. We did see that the remodel activity did remain very strong in fourth quarter of last year, kind of offsetting some of that on the new full construction side. So I think it's going to be -- it's going to be comps, it's also going to be a weather in the seasonal markets. The biggest thing that will impact us in fourth quarter, similar to first quarter is going to be how favorable the weather is and if the season kind of extends out and our customers are able to continue to work.
Melanie Hart: Nothing significant at this point. We want to be cautious as we see what the weather looks like in second quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So the rent increases that we saw are not going away. So that is something as we go out through the rest of the year -- I mean, we did see some incremental rent increases from the new locations that we opened in the quarter, but the inflationary increases in rent are -- will continue through the rest of the year for the most parts. So we have renewal account throughout the year, but really no changes in expectations. So the increase there year-over-year does -- from a percentage of expense to revenue does impact the first and fourth quarter more significantly. So that will not go away. What we did see in first quarter is we did focus very much on some activities that we did with our customers. So there were a couple million dollars of expenses related to some customer facing activities, as well as a couple million dollars of incremental investments in some of the other projects that we're working on to be able to expand capacity in some of our operating initiatives as well.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The beginning of the month of April, Ryan, the weather wasn't all that much different. But as the month has progressed, California and Arizona, we had -- we've seen improvement. On the construction side, think about it this way, between construction and renovation, in California, if the yards are still soaked and the builders can't build that's simply going to forestall the construction renovation. As long as there's a pool there, the renovation work can typically work regardless of temperature and rain. So we're seeing some improvement in that area. As it relates to the maintenance spend, maintenance, the biggest component on maintenance, as you know, is chemicals. Chemicals are really going to be tied to water temperature. So we're encouraged that the Sun is out, temperatures are heating up. And if you look this week and next week, Arizona's going to be in the mid to high nineties. So, we like the trend and we think things are turning in our favor.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think we would -- we're very confident that first quarter was significantly driven by weather. And I say that because if I look at the results in Texas, which in my prepared remarks, and I also mentioned Florida, where we had pretty good weather, in those areas the business did well and was very much in line with expectations. So we've never seen the water problem that we have in California and combine that with very cold temperatures. The same thing in Arizona. The Phoenix market has had more rain than I think they've seen in a 10-year period before they've had anything like this. So I would tell you that in those areas, very confident that it's weather related. If I look at the seasonal markets, it really -- if you look at the quarter in total in the seasonal markets, it doesn't look terrible, but you really have to look at it in context of when the weather happened. So in the seasonal markets, the beginning of the quarter, actually the weather wasn't bad. The weather deteriorated in the seasonal markets towards the end, which simply delayed the opening of pools and delayed construction projects. So I think that we're comfortable that the weather played a major role in the way the season is opening up.
Peter Arvan: Very good questions. So I would tell you that as it relates to consumer lending and the banks and the questions around that, certainly that's nothing that we had contemplated as we were looking at how the year would going to play out. What I would tell you is that there's a couple of common themes. One is that we have always said, or at least for the last 12 months, that we're seeing pressure in at the lower end pools. What you have to consider with lower end pools is that the rate of financing versus cash buyers goes up significantly. Entry level pools much more higher percentage of financing, larger projects, much lower percentage, that are financed versus paid for with cash. So the way the year is, is playing out, the uncertainty in the lending environment is exacerbating an already pronounced issue with entry level pools, but I don't really think it's affecting much at, let's call it the mid-level and certainly not at the upper end.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. And I apologize, I didn't respond to your -- the second part of your first question without touch on. So your question about cancellations, because of weather delays, we've not really seen that. The cancellation rate really hasn't changed. I don't think it's significant. So people that generally put down deposit and they were put off by the weather had essentially already arranged their financing, it's still very early in the season. So if your pool happens 30 days, 45 days or 60 days later than it was anticipated, I think you're still going to have a fairly happy homeowner. Your next question as it relates to the maintenance and share gain. Part of our value proposition has to do with providing an absolutely unparalleled customer experience that has to do with the locations of our sales centers, the inventory profiles that we carry, the speed at which we're able to get people in and out of our business, the knowledge of our salespeople, and certainly, our B2B tool with POOL360 helps. All of those things right along with our focus on execution have allowed us to continue to gain share in that we provide what we believe is to be best-in-class service. I don't really think that that that's going to change. POOLCORP has historically gained share. We typically don't give that share back. Now we can't tell you that in individual market there may be a customer here or there. Certainly, that has been part of normal operations forever. But in aggregate, we believe that the share gains will continue.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think -- so we think that the industry, and again, it's still very, very early to call the year, right? Because what we saw last year was, declining permits sequentially quarter-over-quarter. And as I mentioned, the permits from fourth quarter to first quarter have actually improved. So today, I would tell you that permit activity implies a 30% decline. I think what I also mentioned is that we have our own internal measurement, which is what our sales are into that channel, by looking at specific products that are used only in new pool construction. I think that our performance is better than the market. And I think -- so the market -- permit data today would show minus 30. And I think our performance, as we measure it in new pool construction would be minus 25. And yes, if the number of -- if you look in aggregate, the number of pools, the number of pools are going to be affected much more dramatically at the lower end. And the higher end would be more stable. So logical to think that the ASP on an average -- on the average pool for 2023 would be higher than 2022.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The way we think about the Suncoast Chemical business and our ability to package, that the facility doesn't have capacity to do the entire business, right? So we actually are blending -- we are blending what Porpoise does for us, or the Suncoast does for us with what we're purchasing in the open market. So as a blend together, I think we are better off than if we were buying everything in the open market. What I would tell you is that the trichlor pricing part of it is a function of supply demand, and that there was a lot of trichlor that came into the market towards the back half of last year. And as that inventory sells through, then what you're going to see is some deflation on the trichlor pricing. But as Melanie said the important part is that being offset with CalHypo and bleach pricing and of the other balancers, right? So I don't know that our thinking is all that much different on chemicals. It really is in line with what we had contemplated at the beginning of the year. The industry had more product on the ground. Let's call it a quarter or two ago, significantly more than there is today. So the oversupply is coming down, which is only going to help pricing stability going forward.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think it's a function of -- the install base continues to grow. We're happy with that when the Sun is out. I mean, the crazy thing is pools are in no less favor today than they were a year ago, but what we were faced in the first quarter, because of the weather conditions made the first quarter very tough. But where the weather was good, I would say Florida. I would also tell you that the almost the entire Southeast was also in very good shape and in line with expectations. And if I look at Texas, again, we cited the business, Texas was down 6% or so, and that was after being up 7% last year. So again, the market, the market really hasn't changed. What does change is people's ability to work on construction projects in particular. And what does change is the amount of maintenance that is necessary. Now, when there is a significant amount of rain, certainly when the rain stops, there's a -- at times there's a bit more chemical that is required. But frankly, that happens more during the warm part of the year because it has to do with water temperature. So if you have water temperatures in Texas, for instance, they were -- a month ago, they were basically in the high fifties. Water temperature in the high fifties whether it rains a lot or not, doesn't require a lot of chemicals. So we think that the markets are behaving as we would expect. I don't think we're reading into it and saying, hey, it's going to be -- there's significant growth coming. I think we're looking at saying that the maintenance business is going to be in line with the installed base and accented or influenced by weather. And construction is going to be a function of demand in new pool construction and the buildable days to do it. And the offset really, which we again, we had contemplated, is the renovation business that has been good.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I would say that our share gains really are happening across the country. And as I mentioned that's really product of a tremendous amount of work and frankly investment that the business is making and very talented people that provide an unparalleled service. So I'm very comfortable that our ability to gain share, because if I look at it really across the country, we can see it in virtually every market that we play in. Now, as I mentioned there will be a branch here or there where that may not be true, but on balance certainly for the network, we're very confident in our ability to continue to take share.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. It really is a function of weather. As we've said many times one of the best parts about our industry is that the maintenance is really non-discretionary. You have to move the water filter, the water and treat the water. And again, the -- it has to do with the amount of precipitation and the water temperature and how much the pools are used. Obviously, if the weather is cooler and it's raining, people aren't using it, then that's going to curtail some of the maintenance spend. So we're very comfortable that the maintenance spending is really a function of the size of the installed base and the implications of the weather and how much the pools are used and the chemical load that would be associated with that.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. As you can imagine, we spend a great deal of time talking to our customers and you're a hundred percent right, it's not scientific. So a year ago, I was comfortably telling you that many of the builders are booked out through the end of the year. I would tell you now, depending on the type of builder, and the part of the country I've heard backlogs of two months to six months tends to be much more common. Two months related to the lower end pools, right? There's certainly more capacity there. And depending on what part of the country you're in, of course, and at the upper end your high quality builders that build the very large projects they were and are and remain in very high demand. So their backlogs really haven't changed much at all, right? So most of them are booked out for the season, for the high end guys, but certainly capacity. But if you needed a number for -- how to contextualize it, I would tell you if you thought about two to six months, you wouldn't be wrong.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think what we're seeing, what the builders are reporting is the most challenging pool for them to sell right now is the price point pool. The family that is going to have to stretch and going to have to be, where there's higher degree of financing. So the lending costs play a bigger role in whether that project is affordable or not. So I would tell you that similar to what we started to see last year, the lower end pools will be under the most pressure and the mid to higher end, we don't really see much demand. So I think it was fine. And ask the question, does that imply that the ASP will likely creep up for the average pool? And I think that's a fairly safe assumption based on the mix that we see.
Peter Arvan: I would tell you that I think it's probably at the lower end. It's probably a little more than 50/50. I would tell you that the lower ends probably end very unscientific number, Steve. So I guess, I would tell you it's probably in the 60% to 65% would be at the lower end.
Peter Arvan: I think it's a combination of things, right? I would tell you that, dealers now realize that the supply chain have essentially returned to normal for almost all items. So whereas a year ago they were saying, I need to get my order in because I need to have product, because when the season opens and pools are being used and my phone is blowing up, I need to have product. Now, we've assured them that, hey, I have inventory -- there's plenty of inventory in channel. So they've said, okay, I don't need to take that product in earlier. So a portion of it is supply chain related. A portion of it is a later start to the season, right? So if the -- I would tell you, if you were to survey dealers in the seasonal markets, they essentially in the last week or so have just started opening pools. So if inventory is available and I don't need it until the middle of April and I know that I can enter an order on POOL360 and have it shipped directly to my branch or to my service or warehouse, I'm not going to have to put that order in, and take it earlier in the year. I think that's a portion of it. As far as your comment on inventory, some people have called that shadow inventory. Again, I think it really depends in aggregate, they don't think it's a very large number. Because if you look in aggregate, most of our customers don't have the ability to store a lot of product. Might there be a little more product left over in the system from last season if they knocked off earlier. And the answer to that is maybe, but we don't view that as a significant amount of product. The early buy headwind, I think has more to do with product availability and timing of when the season starts.  And the reason I would tell you that is if you look at the markets like Florida and Texas, to me, it's illogical to think that there was more or less shadow inventory in those markets or that the early buys were significantly different. I really think it's a function of when I need product to use and whether product is available.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for your continued support, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter 2023 results on July 20th. Have a great day. Thank you.
