Peter Arvan: Sure. The outlook that we see as of now, which is based upon, obviously numerous conversations with our builders across the country is very positive. Everybody has very large backlogs. Phones are still ringing off the hook, and everybody has plenty of work we believe to take them through the end of the year and into next year.  Your question on above ground versus in-ground, for perspective, so we mentioned above ground pools being up significantly. But above ground pool is slightly over 1% of our revenue in total. So, it’s – above ground pools were up about 50%, but it’s still a relatively small number in the whole grand scheme of things.  When I look at new pool construction for the balance of the year or for the full year, I expect it to be somewhere in the 8% to 10% range, maybe a little better if weather stays good and the season is longer, and maybe at the lower-end of that if it gets very cold and rains and freezes up sooner. 
Peter Arvan: It’s very hard to tell, Anthony, and what I believe is that, if it impacted anything significantly, it might have been the above ground and spa business. Just in terms of the dollar amount of what an above ground pool would cost and a spa, maybe it impacted that, I don’t think it really has a big influence on the in-ground market. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. It’s – again, it’s very tough, right, because it has to do with what the builders are telling us across the country. So, I guess, very hard to put a number on it, but virtually in every market across the country, the builders would tell you that their backlogs are very high.  The number of leads that they have, like I heard I was talking to a builder just yesterday, they told me they have so many leads and now, that before he actually puts a sales person on the lead, he has people call them back to qualify the lead just to make sure it wouldn’t be a waste of the sales resource time. It is significant. It’s just hard to put a number on because it’s the summation of thousands of small business.
Peter Arvan: It’s in our guidance between now and the end of the year. So I don’t anticipate a huge uptick in stock outs. They are higher than they would normally be with this level of activity as you could imagine. 
Peter Arvan: It’s also something that we spend a lot of time on with working at the very highest levels with our key suppliers to make sure we understand production schedules and that we are getting product to the right location. The other thing to consider is, again, just because of our scale and our size, we may not have it in one location.  We may have it another location in the same market. So, with a few exceptions, few key products that we’ve been able to keep those at minimum. So I wouldn’t anticipate – I wouldn’t bake anything in as far as a big increase in that area. 
Peter Arvan: Yes, I mean, it would be a little higher, but remember that the pumps and filters were in above ground pool are much, much, much cheaper than what you look at when you compare those to the in-ground equipment. And as they typically don’t if needed, if they don’t have life, so most of the cost is in the pool itself. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. That’s a good question. That’s a big question. There is a lot in there. So let me see if I could piece that together. So, when we look at overall demand and how the year shook out for the quarter in particular, as we said that the – there was a lot of call for maintenance and repair, because construction was timely certainly in the beginning of the quarter.  So, the half ended with a lot of resources get diverted to the maintenance and repairs. So the people that bought heaters for instance this year, they are probably not going to go buy a heater again next year. But the dealers were spending on maintenance and repair with diverted away from as we said construction.  Now demand for construction is very strong. Lot of people believe that a swimming pool is the best way for a safe family recreation activity that will be long lasting. So, there has been a lot of interest in swimming pools. So, the dealers are getting a lot of calls. Along with that, is the people that have the pools and remember the install base is the real gem in this industry.  The install base which is somewhere in the neighborhood of 5.5 million pools with people spending more and more time in their pools now are looking at upgrades and remodel. So, in the beginning, I think, what we saw is pools opening sooner in the Northeast.  Remember when I gave you the growth rates on seasonal versus year round market, the seasonal markets had a higher growth rate, because pools opened sooner. But at the same time I think there has been and what they dealers are reporting is a greater interest in the backyard, whether it’s building a pool, if you don’t have one or if remodeling adding features and upgrading what they have.  So the builders are reporting a significant amount of activity on new pools, as well as remodel. Now, you have to wrap all of that with the labor constraints that hasn’t gotten any better in the industry. There is only so much labor. So, as I’ve mentioned before, the system is somewhat pressurized that there is more – there is more demand and there is labor and that certainly hasn’t changed.  In fact, what’s happened now is there is even greater demand, which I think further pressurizes and elongates this season and will take us into next year. So, we will have a tough comp certainly for next year, but I am very confident that the demand will sustain and that the builders are going to remain busy right through next season.  So, one of the biggest impacts you have to put on that as Mark put in his comments is weather, right. So the number of building days will affect remodel and construction. But assuming normal weather, I would think that next year should be another strong year.  Now, the last part of your question was OpEx. And we certainly have realized some gains this year in OpEx. But remember, this is not a new phenomenon that we just started. We started our capacity creation initiatives last year to try and create capacity to slow the rate of inflation that we would see by increasing the throughput in our sales centers and that has paid great dividends for us.  So, I would expect that the tremendous performance on OpEx that we had this year, when I look at going forward, I think that the same ratio of incremental OpEx to GP dollars back in that 60% range is what I would expect in terms of incremental going into next year. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that the Green will pick up in the back half of the year. I don’t know that would be as big as what we are seeing on Blue. Because we simply have a different footprint in the Green business as we do in the Blue business.  When I look on a market-by-market basis, as I mentioned, the Sun Belt was good with the Green business, but we were impacted by the COVID-related slowdown in California, particularly in the Northern California market up into the Pacific Northwest.  But when I look at the Sun Belt markets, when I look at Arizona, and when I look at Texas, the Green business is actually in good shape and strong. So we have a new leader in the Green business that we brought in. They started right at the end of the first quarter and he is getting his arms around it. We like the outlook for the Green business.  We think that there is ample opportunity to grow. But I don’t think for the balance of this year that the growth rate will match in total what we are seeing in Blue, simply because of the footprints and the lack of the install base that we see with the Blue business. 
Peter Arvan: No. I think you covered it. It’s part of our strategic plan. So, we don’t sit back and wait. So there is areas as Mark said that we are interested in. Those are the ones that we pursue and as far as our appetite for those that, as he said, the business is usual right now. 
Peter Arvan: Well, I don’t think our competitors have the tools and the resources that we have. So, whether it’s the POOL360, whether it’s the density of sales centers that we have across our markets, whether it’s the deep inventory, and wide inventory breadth that we have in all of our locations. I think our value proposition is second to none.  And in an environment that has very – a big uptick in growth in a very compressed period of time, you have to be in a position where you can capitalize on that and service that. And I think that our resources and our capabilities are simply unmatched. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. No what I said was the chemical demand for the commercial segment waned. Residential chemical demand was – we saw the decrease was in commercial as the municipal pools and public pools, many of them remain closed because of the COVID restrictions. Residential chemical demand is actually up. On the retail side, our chemical sales are up about 9%. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. We look forward to reporting our third quarter results on October 22. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And that’s good question. I mean, we have our capital allocation priorities, which are investing everything in the business that we need to for maintenance and growth. We have a dividend, which we will grow over time with earnings. And then we use share repurchases to keep leverage in our target range, which is 1.5 to 2 times.  Now, as you mentioned, we are a little bit below that right now. Between now and the end of the year, I am not sure that that’s going to change much and then it may come down more, leverage may come down more. But over time, we are going to get our share repurchases in and we’ll get back to that target leverage at some point if not this year. 
Mark Joslin: Yes, well, on the 30 basis points, if you went back to our first quarter call, what we highlighted was that we expected gross margins to be down in the second quarter, primarily because of 30 basis points of improvement that we had in 2019, which was related to selling out lower priced inventory that we purchased at the end of 2018. 
Mark Joslin: So, the 30 basis points that we ended up was actually a little better than our expectations, and in our market update that we did at the end of May, we mentioned that we are selling a lot of these higher ticket items which have a very nice gross profit, but gross margin is a little bit lower.  And that was going to add to the – we thought that would add to the decline slightly of 30 basis points that we are expecting. So, again, the 30 basis points, this reflects the tough comp from last year but very stable margins beyond that and similar to what we had in 2018. 
Mark Joslin: Yes, private label has over time continued to take more share of our total business. We are up to – now, more than 25% of our revenue and even higher percent of our margin is from private-label business. So, the gains there. They continue, they inch forward, I would say is not dramatic, but they certainly help contribute to the results in a small way. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Let me, grab that one Quinn. So, what I said on the last call, which seems different people have heard differently. I’ve had a number of questions about it was that, our expectations for discretionary purchases by consumers might be softer, given the economic conditions.  And that that could be a end of season issue with competitors getting stuck with more inventory than they wanted to have and lowering prices to sell out that inventory, convert that to cash at the end of the season. And the end of the season being kind of the August, September timeframe. So that was potential that we had factored into our guidance, bottom-end of our guidance when we said it back in April.  That obviously, first of all, we are not at the end of the season. Second of all, the conditions are much different than what we thought they could be. And so, that pricing competition and need to sell-off inventory for panic too much is certainly not an issue.  And in terms of margins expectations for the back half of the year, to give a bit of guidance in my remarks, prepared remarks that we expected, margins overall for the year to be down a little bit, but that’s all first half-related. So, second half, we are looking for stable margins with prior year. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, it’s a downhill trend. July is the biggest month of the quarter. I would say, it’s in the range of 40% to 45% of the quarter. August maybe in the 30%, 35% range and September being the lowest month in the quarter kind of 20% to 25% something in that range. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Let me address that. So, as I mentioned, the supply chain in certain areas has certainly been put to the test. And we have things like above ground pools and spas, we sold out in the second quarter in many areas and the suppliers at a max capacity for what they are going to be able to ship for the balance of the year. So – but again, those categories for us, although represents nice growth.  They are relatively small. When I look broadly across our categories, we have our stock-outs are up, but it is something that I look at on a weekly basis and when I look at it in total, what is outstanding if you will, it’s still a relatively small number. I think the team – our supply chain team has done just an outstanding job of working with the suppliers.  Now, if the supplier simply doesn’t have it, the good news is, is with many of these products, if one manufacturer doesn’t have a - and you were waiting for a heater, for instance, which there is obviously been a huge run on demand for heater. If you don't have one heater in stock, we, A, may have that heater in another location that we can draw from or we may have another brand of heater and/or the conversion kit, so that we can keep the customer working.  So I think the team is very creative, very resourceful and the strength of our entire organization has certainly helped us from a growth perspective and helped the customer. As it relates to inflation, inflation for this industry in a typical year is 1% to 2%.  I would think that next year and the reason I qualified that with, I would think it’s because all the manufacturers are not out with their numbers for next year. But I would think that next year it’s probably going to be a little bit higher, maybe 2% to 3% instead of 1% to 2%. But I don’t think anything crazy. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And not from a gross margin perspective. So, stable gross margins even with mix maybe putting a little bit of pressure on. We have other things there offsetting that. And believe that overall, we’ll have good stable gross margin performance in the back half of the year. 
Mark Joslin: Well, that’s a good question. I think, different ways of measuring that, we are a little bit light right now as we said, we’ve had shortage in certain areas. And really want to beef those up. We are also looking at growth as we move into next year.  So, inventory, just one reminder, inventory is a little bit variable at the end of the year, because it’s based on when our vendors ship to us. In the pool industry, we have, what’s called early buy, where we place orders in the late September, early October timer period, big orders with our major vendors.  And then, they ship those orders at their convenience. So, it keeps them working and fully engaged throughout the off part of the season, the lower part of the season. And then as they produce products, they ship it out to the – based on the orders they have and to all their customers. And so, it varies quite a bit in terms of when we receive that product they come in November, December, January, February.  So, really, we look at trying to get inventory to a level at the start of the season, February, March of next year, we want to be fully stocked as we were this year and prepared for strong season. Our service is certainly one of the most important aspects of our culture.  And that has helped us over time to take share and so we are planning on growing our business and growing our inventory levels by the time we get to the start of next season. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And in terms of growing install base is certainly something that would be happening as Pete mentioned, we are looking for growth in the install base this year with new pools construction going up possibly 10% in that range and expect that grow next year, as well.  So that adds the install base which is building maintenance business for us. Chemicals is a major maintenance product. And so, that’s good for growth in that category for us over the long-term. 
