Melanie Hart: Yeah. So top line volume is going to be flat sales to negative 3, and it's comprised of -- when we look at the maintenance business, we would expect volume to be relatively flat with the benefits coming there from the inflationary price increases from vendors. So we would expect about a 4% pickup in the maintenance side of the business primarily from inflation. And then for the new construction side of the business, we would -- we're expecting that to be down 15% to 20%. And so that could range down to about negative 3 on the top line. And for the remodel activity, that is 10% to 15%. So we would expect that, that could be around probably less 1 to 3, if you will, on the top line. We are expecting the -- both Horizon and the international operations to be a drag. So for the Horizon, we would expect that to be possibly up to a 1% drag, and then Europe could also be a 1% as well.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. The bulk of that is going to be the price cost give-back. So you'll see that, historically, our margins have been -- we picked up 100 basis points. And so the portions that were related to the things that we've been doing internally as it relates to supply chain and pricing, we would expect that those would continue into 2023. But the 100 basis point give-back is primarily due to the inflation benefits we got on pricing.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. That's correct. Coming off of a 26% base business increase, for 2022, we would expect that tough comp to kind of in line with our overall guidance for the year that we could see some negatives to that tough comparable.
Melanie Hart: Thanks. So first part of the question, that was not considered in the guidance that we gave for third quarter. So kind of excluding the $13 million, we did actually achieve the gross margins for the fourth quarter because of some additional values that we were able to get from the -- our inventory investments and our overall pricing. So the $13 million, it did -- the $0.25 impact from that did actually relate to purchases that were brought in throughout the entire year. So if we would have assessed that and paid the higher rate throughout the year, would have impacted some of the other quarters kind of $0.05 to $0.10 throughout each of the other quarters. But as it stands right now, we did achieve market pricing, and very high levels of margins on those chemicals from a sell-through standpoint. But when we look forward to 2023, we do not expect to have any further impact as the products that we'll be selling in 2023 will be source domestic.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So as it relates to the incentive compensation, we did see a $13 million decrease in the 2022 results, and that was primarily driven when we looked at kind of our earlier guidance throughout the year, we were expecting a 17% to 19% top line growth. And so we did come in at the 17%. So that did do some decreases as it relates to that incentive compensation in 2022. As we look at our plans for 2023, I would suggest that the incentive compensation flux there would be ranging from $10 million to $15 million with $15 million kind of at the bottom end. So you take the $15 million plus the $13 million and that kind of gets you roughly in line with the $30 million that we've talked about previously. It's a little bit less than that because, as we look forward to 2023, we've put in some new incentive guidelines for the field management. We want to make sure that we kind of retain that motivation for them to perform as they go into next year, kind of considering the overall market conditions but still feel like that slightly less decline in overall incentive compensation will be in the best interest of the shareholders.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. I don't see mid-teens. I do think that we'll have sharper declines in first quarter, but I would say more of a mid to high-single digits when you're looking at the comps year-over-year because we will have that benefit from the inflation on the maintenance portion of the business.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So first quarter, I would expect that we probably see about 100 basis points off of where we reported first quarter of last year just kind of in line with what the estimate would be for the full year.
Melanie Hart: Not anything significant. So we do intend to open up a minimum of 10 new branches as we get into next year. But the impact on the first year, it will be somewhat accretive, but it probably wouldn't get to the 1% level just because the lower dollar value of the sales in the first year.
Melanie Hart: So our guidance is that we would have at least $800 million. So our typical realization of cash flow from net income is between 90% and 100%. And then we would expect some additional amounts from the turn on the additional inventory that we had at the end of the year.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. It's primarily going to be in our SG&A expenses at that point. So we're well equipped because of the seasonal nature of our business to actually staff up based on the sales activity in each individual market. So there's flexibility in deferred hiring, certainly in our overtime and temporary labor, as well as just kind of the natural expenses that we talked about as it relates to third-party delivery freight, maintenance on our vehicles and warehouse maintenance and those types of things that really do get accelerated at higher volume levels.
Peter Arvan: Yes, Dave. What I would say is, as I mentioned in my comments, at the end of 2022, people were still buying in anticipation of supply chain disruptions. So that kind of returned back to normal at the end of the fourth quarter. So I guess, we're expecting in the first quarter early buys to be at a more normal level.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. So the initial number that the industry tracks is that 2022 will turn out at plus or minus 98,000 pools. So it will be firmed up in the next couple of months. That's the initial look. And that would compare with the 117 from 2021. So that represents about a 16% decline. Our new construction numbers because we track it for what we are selling in terms of concrete pools, fiberglass pools and kits. So while the industry was down about 16%, give or take, it will be, as I mentioned, the final number is not final yet. While the industry was down about 16%, we believe that our new pool construction in units was down somewhere between 12% and 13%. So we think we actually picked up share from that perspective, and that's supported by the growth numbers that we have. The other part I would tell you to think about and answer to your question is, in terms of the value per pool. Because of the inflation that went through the system, which we've talked about many times, it is the value of a pool depending on where you are, has also increased. Now, to do an average really is not going to do anybody any service because it really depends on where you build that pool. I can tell you that an average pool now is probably in the $70,000 range. But if you pick a different geography, I'll probably give you a different number. And then based on the number of pool builds, as we mentioned, the business in the seasonal markets was much slower than it was in the Sunbelt. So the Sunbelt markets held up much better. So the new pool construction numbers in the Sunbelt are not nearly off as much as they are in the seasonal markets.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Susan, as you know -- thank you for the question. As you know, we are very focused on customer experience and provided best-in-class service and investing in things that enhance our customers' business and allow them to grow. When I look at the market in 2022, I would say that certainly in the back half of the year, supply chains had returned back to almost normal. I mean in any given year, there's going to be a shortage on something, but most of the manufacturers would say that, for most products, availability was not an issue for the back half of the year, and it got better as the year progressed. So we -- and even with, I would say, a relatively normal supply chain, we continue to take share. And we take share because it's not just an availability. It's the service we provide. It's the location. It's the tools that we offer our dealers and our builders. And we think those are the things that separate us and are the reasons that we are being afforded and awarded the incremental share. Those things don't stop in 2023. We have more things coming. Our focus on the customer has never been sharper, and we would continue that even in -- so if new pool construction is off for the industry, we would expect that we think we would outperform that simply based on the services that we provide to our customers.
Peter Arvan: We obviously spent a lot of time with both sides of that question. And so I'll start with the manufacturers. Traditionally, in our industry, the manufacturers raised price once a year. It was done at early by time in the beginning of the fourth quarter, and that price would hold throughout the whole next year and be adjusted again at the end of or at the beginning of the fourth quarter or the following year for the next season. Over the last couple of years, we had to deal with multiple price increases as our manufacturers' prices were increasing at a very rapid rate, and they had to pass those prices on. Those costs are embedded in the product. Essentially, most of that cost is embedded in their operating cost. So we don't really see any risk that those prices are going to retreat. The increase that we got this year, and I remember for our industry, for years on this call, we talked about inflation for the year and in our market assumptions was 1% to 2%; for the last couple of years, obviously much higher than that. For this upcoming season or the season we're about to begin right now -- beginning depending on where you are, we said the number is going to be four to five. Based on my conversations with the manufacturers, there are certainly some outliers on products, which are more commodity-based, which could see more rapid movement. But by and large, I think the industry doesn't expect to see wild pricing fluctuations this year. And at this point, I have no visibility to any additional significant price increases for the 2023 season. As it relates to our dealers, and we've now had three shows since the beginning of the year where we spent considerable amount of time with the cross-section of our dealers from across the country, actually, there's been four. And I can tell you that the dealers remain very optimistic. I wasn't sure what I was going to see when I spent time with the dealers, and the dealers are actually very optimistic for the upcoming season. The price seems to have been accepted by the end market. It isn't causing big push back on most projects. As we mentioned, the headwind that we see in the industry on new construction is, it is mostly at the lower end, right? It's the kind of -- the entry-level pool, it's the one where there may be a significant, a personal loan or a HELOC that is going to finance that. And with the elevated rates, those are the ones the families that may have tapped the brakes and say I'm going to defer. But for the average pool, the average pool homeowner is usually in a more affluent place. And if they want a pool, they're going to have a pool. Our conversations with the dealers about, all right, so you're -- what are the customers asking for, are they trying to reduce the cost of the pool, are they saying, hey, let's take features out. And I can tell you that our conversations with dealers wouldn't suggest that that's the case. It's fairly consistent. The adoption of the new technology products hasn't slowed. Additional features really hasn't slowed. So we did hear a couple of comments that people would say, well, maybe I'll do the pool now. But given that these additional features, when you put them in a pool, the only time to do it is during construction or else it becomes very expensive for reconstruction to add these features. So the structure itself is being outfitted with those same high-end features that the market has taken a greater adoption rate to, but perhaps some of the other features like a pergola or an outdoor kitchen, those are the things that maybe people could be more cautious on.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that -- I think 2023 is going to be a solid year. Certainly, as we mentioned, there'll be -- it looks like, there'll be a decline in new pool construction. Obviously, many factors will drive that, and it's very early in the year. But at this point, we have to be very conservative with the guide. Renovations, we think are going to hold up better than new pool construction. And we saw renovations holding up better, in particular in the fourth quarter of last year. And if you remember, from my comments, I said fourth quarter, our building material sales were actually flat. So in a quarter where new pool construction -- it was the slowest quarter of the year for new pool construction, where building material sales to be flat in that quarter implies that the renovation market, which is the one of the only two places that building materials are used, it implies that the renovation market is actually holding up pretty well. So again, we're conservative at this point of the year in terms of what we believe is the year will shape up as. But I think the renovation market remains a very important part of our business going forward. So to answer your question in a roundabout or long-winded way, I think '23 is a year that, as we transition into '24, we turn back to our normal model of 1% installed base growth. The maintenance and renovation business will be -- should be solid. Remember, the average age of the swimming pool isn't getting any younger. So the average age of a swimming pool is approaching 25 years. The installed base is continuing to grow. Inflation is in the industry. So there's a lot of other factors, weather, economy. But yes, we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for the business.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. So one of the ways that we look at the maintenance spend and when you look at deferred maintenance and such and our people fixing versus replacing, we track our parts sales, if you will, along with whole good sales. And what we have not seen is a major shift in the parts business as related to whole goods and that's encouraging. So it's not like people are saying, well, can you just fix it versus replace it? So that -- the upgrade -- normal replacement upgrade behavior is still going on, so we feel good about that. When I look at your comment about Texas, I don't think there was any -- the weather in Texas was cold, but it was nothing like any -- what happened in Texas in the previous year was cold and power failure. So if it gets cold in Texas, it just means that there's people that may not go out and work because it's really cold. But as long as there is electricity, the pool is running and it's designed -- all pools are designed with some level of freeze protection. So as long as the equipment is running, nothing is going to freeze. So we didn't get word of any significant damage as a result of that. But the maintenance business really is a function of usage and the installed base -- the aging of the installed base, right? So if -- in particular, as I mentioned in the comments, if it's hot, the season opens up earlier and the seasonal markets open up earlier, then people will have to treat those pools sooner and the operating season on that pool will be longer and the maintenance spend will be higher. If it's very -- it's a very cool spring, and it doesn't get warm until late April or early May, then certainly, that's going to take a few weeks off of or perhaps a month off the season depending on weather. But we haven't really seen any trends, and my conversations with our dealers has confirmed it, we haven't really seen any trends where people are saying, well, can I defer and can I repair versus replace? The replacement market is behaving as it normally has.
Peter Arvan: I think your question about whether dealers were buying direct in distribution, most dealers by a blend. They -- very few dealers buy -- and frankly, I don't know any dealers that buy exclusively from manufacturing. Most of them buy a blend. Our ability to provide product to the dealers when they need it without them having to store it, without them having to have capital tied up in inventory is part of the reason that we continue to grow our business and to gain share. I would say that most of the share gain that I believe that we had over the last couple of years was driven by service, was driven by unique capabilities that POOLCORP has that our competitors simply don't have. And I think that we have been rewarded by the market for those -- or with that share gain and for that service. And at this point, we haven't seen any of the share gain reversing. In fact, we think that will continue.
Peter Arvan: Heaters go in -- basically, it's all parts of the business. So for instance, when you're building a pool, almost all pools are adding a heater at the time of construction. During renovation and remodel and if they're upgrading the equipment set and there's an older heater on there and they're upgrading everything, then during the renovation and remodel, that, too, will get a heater. And then there is the normal break fix that says, I have a heater it's 10 years old. It's been repaired 5 times. And now it's about time to change it. It really would function very much like the HVAC system in your house. You can fix it for so long and then you're going to replace it. A hot tub is really -- you're talking about a discrete unit. A hot tub like -- that is not attached to the swimming pool, that is a -- that's a discrete purchase. It's not part of usually any renovation model or anything like that. Those are just done. Automation is done at the time of renovation and remodel and also repair. So if the time clock that is running the pool fails, then there's a very high likelihood that the dealer is going to tell the homeowner would you like to replace the time clock or is it now the time to upgrade to automation. So from a unit perspective, part of that is going to attract new pool construction. But if I look at the number of units on almost every product out there, the number of units we sell as compared to new pool construction, the number of units which we sell, which include maintenance and renovation remodel, far exceeds the number of units that we would sell for new pool construction.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. That's a very good question. I would tell you the answer lies in it depends, right? So that we have seen and we will always see markets act individually. So in a particular market, if a distributor or a dealer or a retailer, whatever, wants to run a special, they can do it. When I look at the overall price of trichlor, there's -- I would say they're largely steady. My belief is that it will probably come down some. And when some, I'm talking slight and meaning that I think the way I look at chemicals on the overall basis because remember, sanitizers are going to be cal-hypo (ph) or liquid shock and a tablet. You can use a tablet for daily sanitization. And you can also use chlorine or cal-hypo with a stabilizer to essentially do the same thing. The trade, I think, moved back and forth. So I think when the price of trichlor moved up for the last couple of years, we saw more people move over to cal-hypo and liquid shock. The price of those products has come up and continues to rise. So I think if there is a there's movement on the trichlor side, down slightly, I think it's going to be offset by prices on the other side. By and large, I think chemical pricing is going to be fairly stable, maybe some downside. But at this point, I wouldn't say anything significant.
Peter Arvan: I think what we saw this year or for the 2022 year, and I don't know any reason that it would be any different but for weather, so I think the beginning of the 2022 season started off cooler. So the builders -- the Sunbelt markets have the southern -- they're being fueled by the southern migration and year round. So if I had to place a bet on the markets that we're going to fare better in this next coming year, I think the economies are generally stronger in the Sunbelt and year-round markets than they are in the seasonal markets in many cases. So I would expect that the Sunbelt markets are going to fare better than the seasonal markets for the upcoming season as well
Peter Arvan: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on April 20, when we will be releasing our first quarter results of 2023. Thank you.
