Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question. The answer to the question varies by region. Overall, I would tell you that there's still plenty of work in the system. Builders entered the season with very good, very solid backlogs. Like I was talking to one in the Southeast this morning who's already out till August for new pool construction. So I think it depends on what part of the country that you're in. But overall, I would tell you that the backlogs are good. The cancellations at this point have been relatively minor. And I've not heard of any cases where cancellations have builders and subcontractors standing around with no work to do.  So part of the slowdown, I think, is simply a function of, as I said, the availability of subcontractors and then some reticence on some homeowners' parts to have people in the yard working. But overall, I would tell you that the backlogs are still good, still solid. And our builders at this point are still optimistic about the amount of work that is out there and what is likely to come out of the back half of this.
Peter Arvan: Anthony, in terms of the weather impact, I mean, 13% compared to a modest growth in the first quarter of last year. How much of that 13% was weather related? If I had to throw a number out there as a guess, maybe 3%, something like that. So it wasn't insignificant. In terms of pull forward, I mentioned that the $28 million or so in early-buy sales increased, which is, to some extent, due to the warmer weather, a little bit earlier Easter this year and just a good, solid start to the season, which had our customers busy earlier than last year.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Here's what I would say. So in April, we said we saw numbers that were down 5% to 10%. I would tell you that, that has actually gotten better as the month has gone on. So we see a more positive trend towards the upper end of that range, if you will, in terms of being down closer to 5% than the 10%. Maintenance and repair business is strong as the pools are open are being used and chemical usage as there's a lot of kids in the pool.  In terms of construction, again it really is a function of where the folks are working. So in the areas where the contractors -- in some parts of the country, contractors really never missed a beat and are working and have been working, and construction material sales have been very good. It's only in certain pockets where the government has -- the local municipalities said they have shut down construction, and we see that changing almost daily as more areas are permitted to work. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question. I would tell you in my conversations with builders across the country and our team, the vast -- I guess the way to characterize this is the vast majority of the dealers are still working, right? I mean they break their work down into maintenance, repair and construction. So certainly, in the areas that -- where there has been a very hard stop to pool construction, that would be a very small percentage of our business in total. And if I look at the geographies that I had mentioned, some parts of Northern California, for instance, is very, very tough. New York, Pennsylvania have been very tough. But again, we just -- for instance, in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Connecticut, we're -- we found out this morning that they have now released pool construction. So that will start to open up.  So as I think about it across the country, it's not been a huge step function of people that were unemployed. I think a lot of them slowed down, idled, shifted some of their activities, but I didn't see a whole bunch of folks being put on the street as a result of that.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So for perspective, as I quantified the commercial business, remember, it is about 5% of our total revenues. And 30% of it is bid-and-spec activity that is -- the bid-and-spec activity is still going on. How many of those projects actually get built, it's still very early to tell.  Where we have seen the curtailment is on the consumables, if you will. So for instance, if you have the big competition pools and resort pools, it's not -- you really can't drain them, right, for a very long period of time. So they basically can be drained for maintenance. But for the most part, the same 3 things that you always have to do with water, which is move the water, filter the water and treat the water, have to happen. The difference is, is that the amount of chemicals that the pools will use is really a function of the bather load. They call it the number of people in the pool. So we think that we'll see a compression in that depending on what they decide with pools.  What's interesting is the problem is actually really not the pool itself. The pool is -- they're really -- as the CDC has mentioned, a properly maintained pool doesn't represent a risk. It's really the surrounding areas that have, the municipalities and hotels and motels, concern about the pool. But in terms of quantifying it, again, given that it's 5% of our revenue and wouldn't be in our highest-margin category, I don't know that there is a number in there that's worth you quantifying.  When I think about Europe, on the other hand, Europe is -- we saw the slowdown earlier. It's coming back. I was on the phone with our European folks yesterday, and there's quite a bit of pent-up demand. The weather is good, and Europe is starting to open up. But again, in terms of a revenue perspective, it's about 4% of our revenue in total. So again, in terms of the percentages of our profit, it's relatively low. So again, I don't know, as far as modeling, that I would take the time to go out that far in decimal places.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So let me talk about POOl360 first. So POOl360, again, as you know, has been a hot button for me and a focus area for the whole business really for -- very intently for the last 15 months. And we have seen progressively more usage on the tool. In fact, for the first quarter, sales through the tool were up 32%, I believe. So we've seen continued adoption of the tool, and our team is getting better at frankly getting customers comfortable with the tool. So that continues to roll.  What we didn't see -- and if you go back to my earlier comments on previous calls, the growth rate, we've been in that 20% to 30% growth range. So what we didn't see this last quarter -- and again, the -- as far as the impact on the third quarter -- or first quarter, it was still relatively late. But we didn't see a huge spike. And I look at it weekly. So it's up. It continues to be up, but it's not like there was a step function change. And the reason for that is the nature of our business. And it's one of the beauties of our business in that 70% of our transactions still take place at the counter. So there is a lot of value that our teams provide the customers. Certainly, adoption of the tool is growing, but most of our customers still prefer to go into the sales center to make their purchases.  BlueStreak, on the other hand, enables and speeds the customer experience at the sales center because we use it in 2 ways. One is we use it for our -- where we're selling bulk chemicals, bleach and acid, outside. The customers don't even have to come in. They scan a card, sign their name with their finger and they're on their way. We are scaling up in that. By the end of the year, we hope to have about half of our centers live with BlueStreak. And we are ramping up, obviously, in these times because we view it as something that is beneficial for our safety program and also beneficial for the customers.
Peter Arvan: Yes. It doesn't change the margin profile of the business because it doesn't have an impact -- gross margins, I should say. But what it does do, it adds capacity for us. So it certainly speeds up throughput in the branches. So what we've done, if you remember, last year, we talked about speed at the counter, and it simply eliminates the folks having to go get in line at the counter for things that they pull up, load their truck, sign with their finger and leave. So basically, it adds capacity and lowers our OpEx to serve that same sale.
Peter Arvan: No. We really haven't seen that. I mean we've equipped the folks with the proper PPE, and that doesn't really have an impact on how they conduct their job, maybe spend a little more time cleaning between customers, wiping down counters and doors and things like that. For some of our locations where the showrooms are in fact closed, it may actually speed things up because in those cases, the orders are being phoned in and they are put in priority pick. And they basically pull their truck up, we load their truck and they leave. So I would say there's not a huge gain or a huge drag because there are things that benefit just as much as there are a little more time spent on housekeeping.
Peter Arvan: Let me think about that for a moment. So it really -- if I think about the amount of time that is spent by the customer service folks entering the order versus the customer entering it online, at the end of the day, there is certainly some productivity, but it comes really in the form of we're continuing to grow. So it really is a capacity add for the business, right? So it's not as much as hey, as more business shifts to online, we're not getting -- we're not releasing people as a result of that. And frankly, it's just freeing up capacity for us to grow. So it basically slows the rate at which we have to add cost, because as you know, when you add labor and when you add cost in the facilities, it goes in step function. You can't add it on a percentage by percentage basis. So over time, we get better because we add less cost in order to serve the incremental sales dollars.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think the way our incentive plans are laid out today, they're fine. There's nothing that we would need to do and say, hey, go out and grow because we're an organic, growth-based company. That's what all of our plans are driven around, and it's a complete add-them-up from the sales center level all the way up to Mark and myself. So it's not like that the folks aren't rewarded for growth, they're rewarded for profitable growth today. And the situation that we may be in right now as it relates to a potential upside I don't think warrants any change in our comp plan. I think we're very fortunate that we are a -- a, we're an organic growth company. That's really in our fiber and DNA. And that's what drives everybody every day, and the incentive plans over time have evolved around that same thing.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So for this year, we have one location that is on the books that we'll open up in the next 60 days-ish assuming we can get the proper inspections that we need to open up. After that, the -- when we talk about deferral of CapEx and tapping the breaks that we see how things shake out from an economic perspective, we plan on opening more. Last year, we opened up -- I think it was 9 facilities, and we said there'd be a similar number this year. On balance, we're actually very pleased with the ones that we opened up. The class of '19 and the class of '18 are all doing very well, actually ahead of expectation. But given the uncertainty in the economic future right now, we said we got one that was ready to go. We kept going with that. And we have several others approved in other geographies. And if we see that there is still the need and -- to add that capacity, then we'll move forward with those. We're certainly in a position from a capital strength and balance sheet to forge ahead, but we've decided at this point let's just tap the breaks and see what happens over the next quarter and then decide how fast we ramp that back up.
Peter Arvan: Yes. No, I got it now. No, that's -- again, that's the beauty of our business. There's 3 things that have to happen when you have a pool: You have to move the water, filter the water and treat the water. And the amount of treatment that goes into the pool really is a function of how much the pool gets used. The more you use the pool, the more chemicals it will take to maintain the balanced water.  Given the cost to do that versus the damage that can be done to the pool and the investment, then the -- nobody wants a green mosquito swamp in their backyard. So I mean, that's, again, one of the beauties of the business, is that as the installed base grows, every time a pool goes in the ground, we gain a potential customer for life. So we've seen no reduction. And even if you look at -- as Mark said, look at -- when you contrast the economic conditions of The Great Recession and today and how very different they were even in that, which, I would argue, was far worse from an economic condition that would be far more long lasting than I think the one we're in now, the nondiscretionary part of our business continued to grow, and we expect that same thing to happen today.
Peter Arvan: Right. And of course, they're using a pool more because you've got a bunch of -- it's funny. I got a note from a friend of mine this morning and said, "Hey, I for one am helping you out because my grandkids are in the pool every day because they're all stuck here and can't go to school." So he says, "My pool spend is going up. You're welcome."
Peter Arvan: Yes. So consider that the four -- our four main markets, which would be California, Arizona, Texas, Florida, that makes up about 50% of our revenue, right? And as I mentioned, Florida is very good, but I would also extend Florida all the way up -- or extend the good times, if you will, all the way up through the Carolinas and, frankly, coming west through the Panhandle and Louisiana and into Texas, which actually has been very strong. Now there are some parts of Texas really -- so I can't even talk about it at the state level because there are some parts of Texas that are very good and very busy and don't have a lot of restrictions, and there's other parts of Texas, for instance Austin and San Antonio, who are amongst the most restricted parts in Texas that we've had to deal with.  And as I mentioned, in the Northeast and the Midwest, we have seen -- just this morning, we got released -- our dealers, I should say, got released to build earlier in the week. New York added pool openings as an essential business, so the dealers were allowed to go back and start opening pools again. They haven't released it for construction, but, on the other hand, Connecticut, New Jersey and Pennsylvania that had it locked down have now released them for construction.  California is, again, a little bit different depending on where you are. If you're in the Bay Area, very restrictive. If you move into the Central Valley, it's a little bit easier to operate. And the further south you go into California, then it can get a little more restricted. But I can't really do it at the state level because the local municipalities have quite a bit of variation.  But we're encouraged by the trends that we have seen in April. As we mentioned -- we've put in the press release that we thought we could be down 5% to 10%. We've been encouraged about what we have seen in the last week, and we think that we'll be at the better end of that range if the trends that we have seen continue. And I expect, given the releases that we've gotten in the last couple of days, that, that only gets stronger.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Consider that it's the discretionary part of our business that we're referring to because the nondiscretionary part, the maintenance and repair, in almost all scenarios, they were allowed to continue to work.
Peter Arvan: I think the vendor programs, as Mark mentioned earlier, it's a function of revenue, right, in terms of the more we buy, then the better the discounts are. So -- and that's -- that, again, is factored into our guidance.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Typically, a pool is not something that's added at new construction. That's something that's added after the fact. There's a few markets that we have like in Florida where it can be more commonplace to have the pool transfer with title of the new home sale. But for the most part, builders don't want to wait for -- or the complication of having a pool infringe upon them being able to close and move on because it's generally subbed out to somebody else.  So what we've seen by and large across the country is that it really isn't a function of one for one, it's something that's added after the homeowners take possession, and then they put their own spin on it and customize the backyard. I mean pools are very personal. If you look at -- there's not a lot of pools that are exactly the same. Everybody wants a little bit different feature. So the builders pretty much have said, look, buy the home, then you call your pool builder and have them build whatever you want. So it's not something that we see being attached early on -- or at the transfer of title for the initial new home.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We'll next speak with you on July 23, when we will review the second quarter results. Stay safe, and have a great day. Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Yes, this is Mark. And really, first of all, at the end of the first quarter, we were in great shape, actually improved on past dues from where we were a year ago. In some cases, where our customers are not working, in the short term, there are some issues that we're working through, but we feel very good about the state of our customers, the health of our customers and our ability to work with them through the season on collections. So not a concern for me at this point.
Mark Joslin: Yes, Blake, this is Mark. And what I mentioned was there's really 2 scenarios: The top of our range scenario and bottom of the range scenario. And in the bottom of the range scenario, we tried to anticipate that this year is very unusual. Even compared to the last recession, we're seeing a very sudden slowdown in the economy. And that could have an impact on some of our competitors, as I mentioned, cash constrained, generally speaking. And if for some reason the economy softens more than what we anticipate in the top of our range guidance, there could be some of them that are looking to monetize inventory.  And in terms of the impact, it's relatively modest in the scheme of things and certainly nothing like hundreds of basis points in pricing and really just a temporary phenomenon that's not going to be an ongoing issue.
Mark Joslin: Yes, Paul. Good question. And certainly, that is not an area where we are going to be withholding capital. We will continue to buy opportunistically, as we have done in the past, and have substantial capacity to do that. So we'll be -- you'll be seeing more activity there as we move forward.
Mark Joslin: In terms of our investment in working capital? Well, first of all, cash flow overall, it seems to have, like, turned my comments --some of what I meant to say ended up on the cutting room floor related to cash flow from operations. Our -- but when I look at our 2007 to 2009 cash flow from operations, it was 190% cumulatively over that time period. So if there is a downturn or a significant downturn, we expect cash flow to be very strong.  From a working capital standpoint, we started the year, as I said, pretty well inventoried, if you will, and expect to trim that as we get into the end of the season. And really, from a receivable standpoint, as I mentioned, I feel good about our customers and their ability to maintain payments. So I think we're going to have a very strong year from a cash flow perspective.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And I would say a couple of things. I do think that in general, our competitors are cash constrained. In fact, I know they are. And what that means more than anything, as we have the ability to invest in products and services and staff, we should, as we did in the last recession, be able to take even more share than we would during normal times. And so I think it's a very good share gain opportunity for us.  In terms of acquisition targets, companies don't like to sell necessarily at the bottom of the price range. And so for earnings dips, that makes it sometimes harder for them to justify that. We didn't see a lot of businesses come up for sale in 2008, 2009. But at the same time, I do think there'll be some opportunities, and we will be looking at those opportunities that make sense for us, particularly in areas where we have market share opportunities that we want to capitalize on.
Mark Joslin: Well, yes. So let me, first of all, just give you a little more color into how our costs break down. I mentioned some of it in the comments. So if you look at our SG&A costs, 57% of those are employee related, 13% are facility related and 9% are freight, with the remaining 21% being everything else.  On the employee side, the 57%, the biggest part of that is, you've got, as I mentioned, the incentive comp. And there's certainly a lot of hourly labor that is somewhat flexible given the volume of business. So of that 57%, I would say less than 20% of that, I would say, is more variable in the short range. And certainly, variability exists more in the longer term.  The facility costs, 13%, very inflexible in the short range until leases come up for renewal. We have -- our leases generally are 5-year terms. So each year, about 20% of our leases are coming up for renewal, and that's the opportunity to make changes there. And then freight is very variable, of course. And then the 21%, everything else is a mix there, but I would say maybe 20% of that has more variability to it than the rest of it.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Ken, first of all, in terms of the second quarter, we don't see a big impact on the discretionary parts of the business given that there's a lot of pent-up demand entering the season. There are jobs that are in process that have been halted in some areas by government order. But once the government restrictions lift, then those jobs will certainly continue. So the variability really is more in the second half of the year. And we believe it's likely that construction and remodeling will have some softening demand associated with it and just really varied our expectations between that base case and downside case around that part of the business. By the way, the...
Mark Joslin: Yes, the discretionary. The maintenance business, during The Great Recession actually went up in the range of 5% a year, 2007 to '09.
Mark Joslin: I think it's accurate that yes, we have backlog coming in. And actually, we're getting a lot of anecdotal input about dealers that are getting more calls from homeowners who are looking to add pools as they have more time at home. And it's just a little unclear as to what will happen with those as the season progresses into the back half of the year. So we've clearly been cautious in our guidance in the back half of the year.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, interest expense, as I mentioned, rates are down. Our debt is down. So I'll let you model out what you think our debt will be, but we're paying around 2%, all in, on interest at this point in time, which is down from what it was last year. And certainly, the year-over-year interest cost will be lower going forward than what it was a year ago.  In terms of the typical pool owner and, let's say, potential pool owner, there should be less impact, generally speaking, on those individuals. Certainly, homeowners in general are less impacted than, I would say, renters in general, if you look at industries and the employees in those industries that are not working right now and where there's going to be more of a drag going forward. And so we feel like the economic sensitivity is less in our customer base than in the economy overall and should be good for our industry as it will be for us.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And then just to clarify, when we talk about shutdown, we're not talking about our facilities and we're not talking about the majority of our customers at any of our facilities. It's really just a small part of the customer base in some jurisdictions, which is really the part that's serving construction, had been in a couple of locations, pool openings. Those are now cleared now. So it's really a very limited part of our overall customer base.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean this is Mark. And really, you're talking about industry-wide, we did not see, as you would expect, a lot of price increases during the recession. Those were harder to justify, but we didn't see deflation either. So pricing was relatively stable. And you look at our margins over that period of time, they were relatively stable. So not a lot of change up or down in that 2007 to 2009 time period.
