Peter Arvan: Sure, for the quarter, the green business was 13% and for the year it was 9%. And for the total, so from a pricing perspective let me give you the answer on pricing on that. I would say pricing in the green business was not that substantial, it was in the window probably 1.5% range. On the blue business, base business growth was in the 23% range. And pricing last year was fairly normal so that’s kind of 1%, 2% range.
Peter Arvan: Yes, as I mentioned the manufacturers were very busy right through the end of the year. So normally they would have started shipping kind of midway through the fourth quarter. They didn't really start to ship in earnest until the very tail end of the fourth quarter and are now in the midst of shipping that. So we expect - normally we would have it in place complete by January, February this year, it will be towards the end of the first quarter, but we’ll begin the season fully stocked.
Peter Arvan: Yes, Anthony good morning good question. At this point, it's hard for us to say because we haven't seen the final results on production for the year. So I mean, by the end of the first quarter, we should have a much better feel. So I wouldn't want to quote a number right now. But I can tell you that we're comfortable in saying that we gained share in the year, but it's hard for me to give you the exact number without the final pool count.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think everything is going to be tight, right. I mean, demand is still very robust. All the manufacturers are very busy trying to ship the early buys. So normally with seasonality of the business, by the time the third quarter comes around, they've essentially everything is caught up, replaces early by orders beginning in the fourth quarter, they start shipping. The difference this year is they kept on shipping, and it really is across the board. I can't its - chemicals are going to be tight. But on the equipment side, sales were very strong. So everybody is working diligently to get the early buys into our warehouse so that we have them before the season starts.
Peter Arvan: Yes, sure. On the acquisitions, we have a very active pipeline for both businesses. As I look at the geographic breakout of that in the green business, as we're basically in year round markets. And that's where our focus will continue. I don't see us getting into seasonal markets and the green side. On the blue side, I would tell you that we have some targets that are in the seasonal markets, but obviously the sweet spot for us is in the year round markets.
Peter Arvan: Guess here is what I would say. Hopefully the world does return to some normalcy with the vaccine. But I think that if you look at the mega trends, which I called out in my comments, I think they're intact. I think you're going to see more people continuing to work from home, which I think bodes very well for us with continued demand for backyards, and outdoor living. I think the Southern migration is going to continue, I think the strong housing market is going to continue and all of those things are very positive for us. So assuming that there is a vaccine, and everybody gets a little bit calmer about what's going on. I really don't see much changing as it affects the business. Again, the two biggest limiting meaning, I think backlogs are going to remain good and strong. The two biggest limiting factors we're going to have on the industry is, weather and labor.
Peter Arvan: Yes, we don't see anything that says wow, okay. That was a cliff that we will fall off. So certainly demand was robust, the season was extended it opened earlier. And when - those things are normal, in a normal year, pools wouldn't open as soon as they did last year right. This year, I think that same pattern is likely going to repeat. But what is also different about the future market, compared to the past is I think you'll have more people working from home, which again, I think bodes well for investment in the backyard.
Peter Arvan: Yes, remember Ryan that businesses is more closely tied to new construction, right so, every time so new construction in the housing market and both of those things remain strong. In the pandemic environment perhaps earnings faster so there is really no change in that. So in the maintenance I wanted to fix out there, but we think that construction for and demand for renovation and remodel of backyards as the housing market continues to be robust is good. So we like the growth prospects for that business in 2021 and beyond.
Peter Arvan: Yes, remember on the commercial side? It's a very small portion of the business, right. It's less than 4% of our total. So even if there is a big increase in commercial, which honestly, I don't see at this point. I don't think that - we’ll see a benefit in that area. So it's just the way I think about it, it’s so small, that if it did come back, I think the impact would be limited. The biggest impact on the 2021 season that I see will relate to weather. So I think demand is good. It all depends on how many working days the teams will have to get those projects done.
Peter Arvan: Sure, as we talked to, as we talked to dealers it's - everybody is busy, right. So the guys that have their pool routes, they're busy, they're seeing an increase. I really think that the increase in demand that we're seeing on the retail side is just driven by more usage. I don't think there's a big trend that says I'm going to do it myself versus having it done for me. I just think that it's an increased usage pattern on the pool that's driving the increase at the retail level.
Peter Arvan: I would say that the blue business is going to grow faster than the green, simply because of a couple of factors. I think the backlog that we're seeing in the pool business is stronger than what we're seeing in terms of new construction in the markets, seasonal in the euro markets that we play in. I think that contributes to more robust market plus, if you look at our acquisitions, most of our acquisitions were in the blue side of the business.
Peter Arvan: Stephen, that's a really good question. But remember, we have to be competitive. So in the markets that we play in today, we're not the cheapest in the market, but we have to be competitive. So our services better we get a premium for that. We believe already as evidenced by - every time we do an acquisition, we need to look at what everybody else is doing. So I think there is a premium, but at the end of the day, we have to be competitive.
Peter Arvan: Yes, so consider that the, I think by the end of the year, it will be 100,000 new pools, right. So and the install base was in the $5.4 million to $5.5 million pools. So you're talking of what of 1.5 almost a 2% increase in the install base growth. So, I would look at that and inflation as your marker.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think, as business peaks, and it gets, everybody is having a very good year, then they start to explore their strategic options on what they want to do. So, certainly most folks that own a business when it comes to that time, and they're like all right guys I'm going to work through my succession plan, and one of the options is to sell. They look at what's going on right now, when everybody wants to sell at the peak. I would tell you that we are strategic buyers. So we look at what's going on now. We look at what's going on in the past. So we've not seen valuations skyrocket, I think we're a disciplined buyer we look for strategic acquisitions that makes sense. If you look at our footprint in most areas, in the blue side in particular, we've got a great footprint. We've got great market share and most places so it doesn't justify us to pay a huge premium to go buy somebody else. So, is there some upward movement? Yes, but I would tell you it's nothing that's really notable.
Peter Arvan: Yes, on the new construction side, there aren't that many differences, the biggest difference in total as it affects new construction, but it's still such a small percentage is fibreglass. So if I look at our fibreglass pools sales, they're almost double in terms of units and dollars too on a year-over-year basis. And the reason is because much faster to install fibreglass pools than a vinyl pool and certainly got a pool, but it also makes up a very small percentage of the total. So there isn't a whole lot of innovation that goes on. I mean, when you build a concrete pool, it still has to set for the same number of days before you can finish it. So you really can't speed up the curing of the product. So I don't really see much changing in the amount of time that it takes to build a pool and I don't see a ton more labor coming into the system, so I would say new construction fairly stable. On the maintenance side, there is more remote monitoring, although the things that you can be monitored remotely are still more rudimentary, there is not a complete package out there for remote monitoring. And you still from a pool cleaning perspective, the professionals still have to visit the pool to physically do the things that they have to do, like clean the strainer baskets and brush the pool and such.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I feel at the local level we've done a lot of work in the last couple of years for our capacity creation, right. So we've changed our processes and some of the equipment that we used to pick orders. We actually measured - median time to serve our customers at the branch. So everybody is focused on bringing that time down. That's with some warehouse innovation. It's a process innovation. That is certainly helping POOL360 is helping the remodeled showrooms, where we have some of the maintenance items that people use on a day-in, day-out basis rather than having to put those orders in and wait for somebody to pull them, they can walk in, they grab them walk to the counter and sign form, we have our technology tools, POOL360 has seen a very nice increase in use. So a lot of customers are entering the orders before they come if they even come more delivering them. There are blue streak, which is another app we use, which certainly speeds the counter, our app - the NPT app, which allows folks to do a lot of the work that they would normally do when they're designing a pool before they get to the NPT center, even if they come to the NPT design center, because they can envision their pool and basically place it in their backyard with an augmented reality app. So it really is a host of things that we've been doing. And on the delivery side, our truck utilization and routing improvement software is also helping. So Ken there is not one thing, there probably isn't 10 things, but they all contribute to what we have going on plus, frankly, just a whole lot of hard work by our team.
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question. So we had planned to open 8 to 10 last year as well, because the market continues to expand, and our value proposition is creating time for our dealers and a lot of that has to do with the location of our branches. So as the markets grow, as we soak up the capacity that we have, we add new locations. Last year we paused new locations early on in the season and you don't really want to open up - you can't open up locations during the season because nobody has time for that. So if you're not really set by the time the season opens the chances of driving any benefit, during the season are muted. So when we tap the brakes, we really took a pause, and we went from the 8 to 10 that we would normally add down to two. So basically going back on the trail to open that takes us back to the 8 to 10. And certainly, in a very robust market, as you can imagine, the payback on the branches, which is really tied to, you know, revenue growth and gross profit, growth and expense management, certainly that gets better, the faster you grow.
Peter Arvan: Yes, in the back half of the year, because by the time the fire happened on Trichlor, for instance, which is, let's call that, 20% to 25% of our chemical sales is in that in that product. So there was some price realization in the back half of the year, but not much, because by the time the supplies were drawn down, there wasn't much in terms of demand left for the season. I think that in the 2021 season, we're going to see inflation, particularly on that item, that item alone could see could see price increases in the 50%, maybe up to 75% increase in that area for that price, the rest of the chemicals will go up. I think our overall price guidance that we talked about for 2021 is 2% to 3% closer to the upper-end. And on the chemical side, it really runs the gamut.
Peter Arvan: Yes, Europe is doing amazingly. They just happen to have another amazing year, they're off to it. They're off to a great start. We have a great team. And our service in Europe is terrific. And we're being rewarded for that, our supply chain has held up well. I mean, we are challenged like everybody else. But I think we're doing better than most on the supply chain side. And we're very happy with the performance and the outlook for Europe.
Peter Arvan: Yes, thank you. Hi, listen, thank you all for joining us. We look forward to our discussion on April 22 when we will be releasing the first quarter of 2021 results. Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Yes sure, David and good morning. In terms of the guidance and weather we didn't, in the high end anticipate similar weather to 2020, but maybe a little bit more favorable than normal and the low end would be a little bit less favorable than normal. So we usually start the year, I mean - I would say the midpoint of our guidance range anticipates normal weather for the year or the best way to characterize I think.
Mark Joslin: Just a follow-up on your question on the blue business, I think Pete answered you for the year-to-date at 23% growth, for the quarter was 42% growth if you didn't catch that part.
Mark Joslin: One thing I'd add there, Ryan is, we did four acquisitions last year, three were done by the fourth quarter. So they will all contribute for the first three quarters on a year-over-year basis, that kind of 4% to 5% growth. And in the fourth quarter, we won't get the growth component from those acquisitions as they lap last year. So that is a little bit of difference in the fourth quarter versus the other quarters of the year.
Mark Joslin: Yes really, when we're talking about big ticket items Alex, it's not so much construction related. It's more the spas and some of the equipment sales and above ground pools. So we don't see the same kind of big ticket impact on gross margins after we get through this year. It’s more of the COVID driven kind of accelerated demand and return to more of a normal type of demand environment going forward shouldn't be as much of an impact. So I would anticipate more flattish gross margins on a year-over-year basis after this year.
Mark Joslin: Yes, sorry. Yes, I would say something like 2% to 3%. For the year, fourth quarter certainly more significant where normally, in seasonal markets particularly, you have freezing weather coming in and shutting the markets down. This year, both because weather was mild, and there's a big backlog from builders, and remodel guys, the much of the seasonal markets remained open throughout most of most of the fourth quarter. So, it's hard to par so much specifically with weather because demand was also very strong, but builds a significant contributor.
Mark Joslin: If we dug down into it, we could probably make some educated guesses to last year, and it varies by market year round markets not so much of a question but really Midwest, Northeast, Central East. So, there's a lot of educated guesswork that goes into that.
Mark Joslin: Yes, so stimulus really isn't baked in per se. The customers that are buying our products by and large, stimulus is not a big part of their spend. So, don't think that'll have much impact on what we see in terms of demand to our business this year.
Mark Joslin: Well yes, but above ground pools are such a small part of our business. I mean sure, it's great. We love to see the demand there and the growth, but it's less than 1%. So not a big impact to us. 
Mark Joslin: Well for sure, it will be different. I mean, as we said, first quarter is benefiting from, similar trends that we saw in the fourth quarter. Weather has been relatively mild to this point. We don't know what's going to happen for the rest of the quarter, but we expect - a very strong first quarter, so higher growth. Second quarter looks very good as well, less certainty going into the back half of the year. So in terms of our year, second quarter is the biggest quarter, third quarter, second, first quarter, third, fourth quarter fourth.
Mark Joslin: Yes, yes normal seasonality. So obviously COVID extends the season. So that benefited in the third and fourth quarter last year from pool owners keeping their pools open longer. We sold a lot of heaters we know that they were using the pools that drove chemicals and maintenance. And we expect certainly the same conditions going into the season this year. So earlier openings, and probably benefits there to extend the season, back half of the year, man that is clear what's going to happen with the seasonality kids will go back to school. Hopefully and so - will the season be extended this year and the third quarter not as clear.
Mark Joslin: Question on the tax rate is, what is it going to be I guess? I think I covered that briefly. Just our tax rate is a little bit over 25%. So close to 25.5 when you back the ASU benefit out of it. And that's the base rate that we'd expect for 2021. So no change. And then just later in the ASU benefits $0.11 in the first quarter.
