Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Let me see, the first one was Ideal in Western Canada and then the other one was operation in Barry, just north of Toronto in Ontario. The total revenues for those would be about USD $8 million.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It is very tough to quantify, Leah. Our best guess, and I'll phrase it as such given the nature of the products and everything else, is probably about $10 million to $15 million shifted from April to March.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. No. That would be the shift. The rest is sustainable. So to the extent that pool owners use their pools more or the fact that they open it earlier and consume more chemicals, for example, that would be a permanent gain.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It is more broad based. If you look at our -- whether it be product categories like chemicals, equipment, parts, et cetera. In all those areas, we realized share gains but the order of magnitude, percentage-wise, is not as significant as we've been able to realize not just in the first quarter of 2012 but over the course of the past several years in the case of building materials.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Not 13%. Base business growth are -- the guidance that we provided for the year, a couple of months ago, we -- is more mid to high single-digit. I mentioned that as being 5% to 8%. And I think that, that's a reasonable expectation for the balance of 2012, with about half of that being the market growth, which includes both units and inflation and the other half being share gains. So that's a more reasonable expectation. Certainly, we expect that the weather to be normal for the balance of the year, and that's really factored into that, and weather is not a significant a factor in the heart of the season as it is in the shoulders.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Oh, definitely. As mark communicated in February in the call, with 5% to 8% type top line growth, our expense growth would be more like 2% to 4%.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. There is some of that activity. Some -- There is some replacement activity that would have naturally taken place, let's say in April, that took place in March. There is a little bit more new pool construction that would've taken place in March, I mean in April that this year took place in March. So there's a little bit of movement there and I answered Leah, our guess is -- that was about $10 million to $15 million that shifted and that would be in the nature of replacement, remodeling new activity that shifted from April to March.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well. Yes, If you look at, for example, the retail sector, which is for the over 70% of the pool owners that maintain their own pools and they go to our retail store to get their basic supplies, our sales in that retail space to retail customers was 10% year-on-year. So therefore -- and we don't think that's higher than normal because the install base is up only 1% roughly from year-to-year. Inflation in those product categories are virtually nil year-on-year. So therefore, while we certainly gained share, I don't think we gained 9% share. So that's, I think, a reflection of the fact that you had better weather.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we look at that on a market by market. Every market is unique and has its own characteristics. So in market where we have already a very strong position, acquisitions are not as attractive for us. Whereas in markets where we have very limited participation or no participation, those are certainly more attractive and we contract that with opening our own locations as we've opened up over 100 locations over the past 14 years that I've been here. So in essence, we look at both alternatives. Certainly, in this environment, given the market still being depressed, there is a sense of their being enough or in the case of the Green business, certainly, too much distribution. And that shake out is still happening. So to that end, acquisitions are probably in a lower cost of entry than a new opening in this environment. And following that train of thought, that's why you will see from us more acquisitions internationally and more acquisitions from the Green side because that's where we're still in more of a development mode where we are not nor nowhere near completing building our networks. On the domestic Blue business side of the equation, there are a couple of pockets where we have weak presence, but we have over the course of the past 19 years, through both opening of new locations and acquisitions, largely built out that work -- network. Again there's still some pockets but we have largely built up that network on the domestic Blue side.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we don't provide quarterly guidance, David. So we are basically saying that when you look at the rest of the year, it's pretty much in line with what we were expecting earlier. We were aware of the 2 days drop off and we were aware of tax and things of that nature so I think that would kind of offset one another. So in essence, our expectations are pretty much normalized. Also $10 million to $15 million, let's just call it $0.02 or $0.03 impact, the second quarter is a big quarter so I'd say that's in the -- that's buried in the range of expectations.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Weather is a lot less of a factor in April, that's -- and certainly in the first quarter. And it's pretty much along the lines of our expectations of 5% to 8%.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, the leverage is different every -- in the different quarters, but I think the -- when you look at it from a year standpoint, I think the 20% is a valid number. And again, it won't be 20% every single quarter, it could be 22% in the second quarter and it could be 16% in the first quarter.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Nothing significant. I mean, it's still very early but -- I'd say by far, by far the biggest impact or the biggest reason for our being up over 25% in building materials sales in the quarter year-on-year is market share growth, by far. And I think that the recovery of remodeling, replacement activity to normalize behavior, it is happening, it started happening a bit last year I think it will continue through this year, but it could be very well as we've indicated in our own models, 2018 before it's normalized. So I think it's that pace, I don't think that materially changed from last year.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I think it's -- those markets were not affected by the weather, the weather that we speak of, so they were more normal. And I think that 7% is really kind of like in the middle of our expectations for the year. So I think that's -- that normalized activity whereas Florida and really, it's not just Florida, it's the whole southeast and going up to the northeast and midwest, the whole west of the market area being up 18%, I think it's really, you can see the contrast and what the impact of weather was.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I would say, yes, but it's -- I'm still cautious because it's still early in the season. I think the California economy is not going anywhere near as Arizona or Texas. So when you group the 3 together, I think that it's coming along fine but I think California is still going to be a lagger because of the other situation they have with employment loss in the marketplace.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: We are certainly open to the Green side of the business although the focus on the Green side is domestically. And when I say more, I would say not more in the absolute sense, it's that, that's where our activity will be. It will be any acquisitions that we do, it will be heavily weighted towards international and Green.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Similar in terms of top line, similar to the Blue business, 5% to 8% for the year in terms of top line growth. And certainly bottom line improvement with a flow-through of about 20% of sales increase, Base business sales increase.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No, we're still thinking that new construction activity on the pool side is still extremely depressed. We believe it will be up modestly this year, modestly maybe 5,000 to 7,000 more pools being built this year than last year. But it's still a fraction of what it was at peak and probably 40% of normal.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Pricing is overall, probably, looking at inflation, still 1% to 2%. The equipment manufacturers increased their prices last year, but the effective increase was at [indiscernible] at the end of the year, so that those price decrease [ph] are really began to be felt at latter part of the year -- of last year and through this year. But on chemicals, that hasn't changed to speak off, if anything, some markets, and that's not really at many factories [ph] , it's just some competitor just selling some products at a lower margin. But bottom line is chemicals, there's really no price increase there, as you know that's our biggest product category, so overall, I think 1% to 2% is still reasonable.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: In the replacement remodeling activity, I would say if you're going to look at a leading indicator, I would look at consumer confidence and I would look at employment or reduced levels of unemployment.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Oh, internal metrics, we have certain products -- categories that are, that jump, that are more discretionary in nature and we see that happening. But there's no backlog per se, our customers order for the day, or usually, at most for the next day. So -- which is the value we provided to the distributor. So therefore, there is no other forward indicator that we can think about.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, but far more modest. That will be along the lines of somebody redoing their landscape lighting or things of that nature, but proportionately it's a lot less significant. There, the heavy play, is when you put in the irrigation system and you do the -- do it for the first time where you not only put in the sprinklers, but you also put in all the pipe, and you put in the landscape lighting and you do all those things, and that's a big major bulk up front. After that, it's a very low level of maintenance costs with perhaps, if you again update your landscape lighting, but that's a more modest part of the total.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Valerie, and thank you all again for listening to our first quarter results conference call. Please mark your calendars, our next call will be on Thursday, July 19, when we will discuss our second quarter results. Thank you again and have a good day.
Mark W. Joslin: Yes. And in terms of operating leverage, I mean our expectation for the year is roughly 20% on base business, yes.
Mark W. Joslin: And given the 13% base business growth, the discretionary items were growing faster, right, overall, so in the mid- to upper-teens, you'd stay on the discretionary side.
Mark W. Joslin: It sure is. As is the 2-day adjustment of the third quarter, that's all rolled into our new guidance range.
Mark W. Joslin: And David, just on the bonus question, I think I went through that, and I'll give a little detail maybe on the year-end call. But we don't do that on a straight-line basis, it's really more accrued based on profitability, which obviously, the second and third quarter, the big quarters from a profitability standpoint. And so it has more impact in the first and fourth quarters.
