Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Mark and thank you all for joining us on the conference call. I’m going to focus on three areas in my prepared remarks. First our base business sales growth, second our contribution margin and third our cash flow. Regarding our sales, our base business sales growth in the blue business was 4% in the quarter, much like the 5% growth realized in the second quarter increasing our year to date blue business sales growth to 3%. While many of our investors and many of you on the call live in Snow Belt markets where we realized significantly higher sales growth, sun belt markets did not experience the same kind of weather benefit as in the snow belt during this pool season. In fact in the three largest markets California, Florida and Texas our sales were down 0.7% in the quarter in contrast with our sales increase of 2.9% in the second quarter in these three states. The three primary reasons for this drop off are that we had some deflation in chemical prices that combined with effectively no inflation elsewhere resulted in an overall net deflation for this pool season. This was coupled with a rush early in the season due to carry over pent up demand from 2009 and we also had more pricing and credit discipline as we progressed during 2010.  Our green business had a sales decrease of 9% in the third quarter and was down 11% year to date. We believe that we continued to increase our market share in the 2010 pool season with progressively better sales and service execution as well as the use of marketing and technology tools utilized to help grow our customers’ businesses. While it’s early to make comments for 2011, by every indication 2010 is proving to be the transition year that we expected. As communicated in our September 13th investor day presentation, we believe that the macro-economic factors including the depressed evaluation of residential real estate will continue to challenge sales growth in the near term.  Nonetheless, we believe that sales growth albeit modest is attainable by us particularly given the strength and quality of our people. It bears repeating at this point that our success in growing sales and market share both historically and in the future is based on collective execution to provide exceptional value to both our customers and our suppliers.  Regarding contribution margin, I have stated over the past two years that our organic contribution margin should approximate 20% for the next 5 to 600 million dollars of sales growth. While we have realized a modest $25.8 million in base business sales growth year to date 2010 as noted on our base business addendum, our base business operating income is up 6.4 million or a 25% contribution margin. We believe that incorporating a 20% contribution margin on future years base business sales growth is reasonable until we get to 2.1 to 2.2 billion dollars in sales after which the marginal contribution will approximate 15%. Logically, operating margin from acquisitions will be much less as we don’t have the same kind of infrastructure leverage as we do with our base business. In terms of cash flow, our free cash flow should once again exceed net income in 2010. This is attributable largely to improved execution in every facet of working capital management. While having free cash flow exceeding net income may not be attainable every year, we believe that an environment of modest sales growth and modest I mean low to mid single digits and high infrastructure leverage as we anticipate 2011 will be – is certainly achievable. Before turning the call back over to Mark, I’d like to note the high level of commitment on the part of every member of the Pool Corp team. While the past several years have been the most challenging in our industry’s history and in most of our careers, our commitment to our industry and to our customers has resulted in our earning of greater share of our customers businesses while simultaneously improving every facet of our own execution. The excitement of our team to continue providing progressively more value to our customers and our suppliers is contagious. Our work on the 2011 pool season was kicked off at our sales conference two weeks ago and we the Pool Corp team are very excited about 2011. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: From a pricing standpoint I mean every market is competitive. Certainly you tend to have a little bit more irrational pricing in the larger markets since there are more competitors and therefore more likely for one or several competitors to be more irrational in their pricing.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Nothing stands out. I mean if you look at the larger markets, California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, those four states represent overall half of our total business and those are logically the largest markets and where although we have a very good share in those markets we still have a great many competitors and given that the competitive environment there’s usually at least one player that is irrational in their pricing.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Two things coming from different angles. Over the course of the last several years we’ve had renewed emphasis on making sure that we stock at our centers what our customers need. And to that end we have increased our breadth of offering from both parts to make sure that they have a full complement of their needs served by us and secondly we’ve also taken the opportunity to as we’ve got into NPT, a transaction we closed on in March of 2008 to further broaden that product offering with new tile models and samples to further accentuate the aesthetic appeal of a pool.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. If you look at our numbers and you look at the fact where inventory is, you can see both with respect to inventory and receivables as Mark noted in his comments, we’ve made significant progress in working capital management and continue to do that. So where we finish the September was relatively speaking clean and we’re poised to move further as the years go on to provide what our customers need when and where they need it and do that progressively more efficiently from a working capital standpoint which includes obviously inventories.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Anthony, good morning. Two parts, traditionally and this applies primarily to the equipment manufactures that supply our industry, but to lesser degree in other sectors. They typically – the manufacturers like to level load their factories and therefore shift volume from the peak summer period to the off season again reducing their cost of doing business. And to that end they offer what we refer to in industry as early buy programs. Those programs are offered every year and we participate to varying degree every year. And that’s typically why you would see our inventories in December being a little bit higher than September even though they’re really – the inventory not necessarily until really some time later on in the March/April timeframe. In addition to that, depending on what the incentives are provided by the manufacturers and those incentives usually come in the form of avoiding price increases. We are more aggressive or not in terms of buying in on those early buy programs. In this particular case, given the current environment they have announced very modest price increases which is also important to note for all on the call because while 2010 is proving to be a year where we’ve had net-net very modest but still modest deflation, our expectations are that in 2011 we will have modest and modest I’m using 1 to 2% overall inflation. But given the order of magnitude of the price increases by the manufacturers we will not be doing any extraordinary buying in as we did for example in the latter part of 2008 going into the 2009 season. So this year it’s pretty much a normal year from an early buy standpoint as opposed to a higher than normal year.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Private label as you know has been an initiative we’ve had for many years and I mean it used to be 10 years ago several percent of our total sales. Currently – when we last ran the report a couple of months ago it was approximately 21%. I think when the year is done it will be closer to 22% for 2010 and that’s been growing at a rate of 1 to 2% of our total business for the last 10 years. And yes to that end one of several motivations, one of the motivations that we have for private label or Pool Corp branded products are to enhance our growth margins and every time that mix improves that helps contribute to a margin improvement.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, in fact if you look at our business overall we don’t need to grow sales that much to have much better growth in terms of our earnings. Specifically if our sales grow in the order of let’s say 4 to 5%, our expense growth will be very modest and therefore with that kind of sales growth we should have approximately 10, 12% type operating income growth and certainly, when you roll in the benefits of our cash flow generation and a further reduction of interest expense we should be able to realize certainly double digit earnings per share growth again on what I’ll consider very modest 4 to 5% type sales growth.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Right. Let me give you some color there. Let me give you the components. If you look at the maintenance and repair segment of our business which is again the biggest portion of our entire business, the install base continues to grow. In terms of units, the addition of pools this year will add approximately 1% to the install base.  Now I mentioned whether earlier and whether it was certainly beneficial in the snow belt but it was very negative in particularly California and therefore when you look at the weather impact this year it was probably a net neutral overall particularly again when you weigh not only the fact that California is by far the largest pool market in the country but also the fact that our share of market in California is much greater than it is in the snow belt. So when you weight it to our business, not necessarily industry but to our mix of business and again our Sun Belt weighting that means that the weather benefit was negligible if at all. So therefore we have a 1% growth in the install base coming back to that. We will have 1 to 2% inflation and then on top of that is our execution and we have historically demonstrated an ability to grow our share of market or in essence grow faster than the market because of the value and the tools and the resources that we provide to our customers to help them grow in their business. So that’s the maintenance and repair segment which again is by far the largest segment of our business. Second in terms of remodeling and replacement activity and this is under pool sector or blue space, remodeling and replacement activity is down approximately 30% from normalized levels and while we don’t see that increasing in any significant way in 2011, we do see the fact that there is a greater aging of the install base and that aging of the install base, in other words more pools that are now 7, 8, 10 years old, these are pools that were built again 7,8,10 years ago, those are being added to that install base that is prime for replacement of equipment or remodeling of the pool surface itself. And as that base grows that should grow and add to the unit sales growth in that sector at a level much like if not greater than the growth, the 1% unit growth of the install base. New construction, frankly we don’t – we’re not optimistic about that in 2011 and we see that not being significantly different than it was in 2010 but again given the order of magnitude of where that is and the overall scheme of things, I think that the blue side of our business, what will carry that will be the maintenance and repair as well as the remodeling and replacement sectors. Now the green side of our business which is down 11% year to date and it was knocked down 9% in the quarter, we believe that for 2011 – we believe that 2010 will mark the bottom of that cycle given the tie that that has to new home construction and the fact that it lags new home construction by approximately one year. So therefore we believe that 2010 marks the bottom of that cycle and that will not be a drag on our base business sales growth in 2011 as it has been the last – well certainly this year and last year as well. So given those factors give you kind of a perspective in terms of what we’re anticipating for 2011.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Claudia and thank you all for joining us for our third quarter 2010 results conference call.
