Mark Joslin: Thank you, Ben. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2019 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Mark Joslin: Yes, well roughly speaking, David, this year was an unusual year from an inflation standpoint. So that impacted the price and gave us a little more price than volume. Don't want to be real specific in what that looks like but I'll figure that -- that's little more than half of the growth is price related and volume was more modest in general certainly more on the blue side than on the green side. We saw little higher inflation on blue and green, green had some inflation as well but not as significant as on the blue side.
Mark Joslin: I think that's a fair statement. Yes, we're just looking at roughly 6% to 7% growth for the entire year, first half included. And that growth depends on weather largely, so lower end based on kind of normal weather and hopefully weather is our friend and we can do a little bit better.
Mark Joslin: That's a good, quick math Dave and that is true. It certainly is more of a challenge. Going into the season, we're expecting normal weather and we staff for that, and when sales are more modest, then we expect and it makes getting that SG&A leverage more difficult. So, look more normal in the second half which is more of that 60% and again as I said 20 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement for the year is where we expect to end up.
Mark Joslin: It's not -- we don't have an exact number, Ryan, on what we think we can make up. I mean remember when we exited the first quarter; we thought that it was $10 million to $15 million. Second quarter looks more like call it $25 million to $35 million. How much of that we make up really is going to be a function as we've said before of how late in the year the builders and remodelers are able to work weather permitting. So very tough at this point to say what we'll be able to make up. I think we'll have a much better view of that at the end of third quarter. But right now, I think it's a little premature to call a number on how much of that we think we can make up. What I can say is that demand is good. Everybody is working. So, as long as the sun stays out and rain stays away, then we're encouraged. But I think it's -- given what's happened in the first half of the year with weather, I think I would be premature on calling a number right now.
Mark Joslin: Yes, well, as I guess the bottom line was that margins would be relatively flat for the year. So think of a relative inverse to the first half of the year. And one way of looking at it, fourth quarter is a smaller quarter, less volume than first quarter, third quarter is a little smaller than second quarter. So as you get back to relatively flat for the year, you kind of have to factor that in and look at from a modeling standpoint, how to get -- how third and fourth quarter down to get you back to flat for the year.
Mark Joslin: Yes, generally more because of the 100 basis points of inventory gains we had in the fourth quarter last year. Yes, so on a relative basis third quarter will be down, fourth quarter will be down a lot more.
Mark Joslin: So I would tell you that the number today on in-ground pools is somewhere in the neighborhood of 5.3 million pools. Last year remember we said we added about 80,000 pools, this year we thought that we would be up slightly above the 80,000 we were thinking it would look more like 85,000 pools for the year given the slow start to the season and the inclement weather, I think we'll be somewhere between 75,000 and 80,000 pools in the 2019 season depending on what happens with weather between now and year-end. We see that continuing to grow back to more normal levels. So I think what we've called out in our investor information is that we think more normal pool construction assuming the economy stays healthy and housing holds up. We think it could -- new pool construction could come back to the low 100s would be a more normal run rate. But again the biggest limiting factor we have on that is a) weather, b) followed by labor. So the good news is that their labor supply hasn't really changing for our builders, so they're not losing labor but they're also not gaining them. So I think demand may be better but it's going to be a function of a) weather for them, and b) being able to get pools in the ground. Now there are a lot of factors so play here. So calling out a number on where we think it could get to, I would just take a look at the growth rate that we have been on and don't look for any significant spikes in the growth rate. I'd like to think about the industry is kind of being pressurized and that demand is better than supply right now. So we'll continue to build over time.
Mark Joslin: I think you're going to steal from my third quarter commentary but I would say first half 2020, I can tell you this that's going to be a challenge from a gross margin standpoint. Second half should be okay but first half given the gains we've had certainly without, as Pete said, we're early on in the pricing discussions but it's unlikely we'll have the kind of inventory buying opportunities that we had last year and the inventory gains that we had in the first year. So I think that first half of this year, so it's going to be tough in the first half of next year.
Mark Joslin: Yes, 6% to 7% is overall, so including acquisitions. In terms of FX, it's obviously been a headwind for us through the first half of the year. But looking out to the second half, if we end the year about where we are now from an exchange which is primarily Euro, we would not have much of a headwind there.
Mark Joslin: Well when you say in the channel, I mean we were -- I guess we're in the middle of the channel from a distribution standpoint. So we are kind of well-positioned where we are in terms of inventory they're up over last year which were also up over the year before because of some mid-year purchases we did last year. So we're in pretty good shape in terms of getting us through the third quarter. We'll see how demand plays out with weather and what kind of opportunities there are when we look at the vendors and their pricing for the 2020 season. So I guess we'll give you an update on that in the third quarter.
Mark Joslin: I guess the only thing you can read into it is we have plenty of capacity for future share repurchases.
Mark Joslin: Yes, well it's a good question and really it's not so much timing. We anticipate what those discounts will be. Obviously, every year we're talking to our vendors and they're putting their programs out there and then we're looking out ahead for the coming year and saying what our expectations of what our purchases will be with our various vendors and we're forecasting that out. And then as we go through the year, we make adjustments to that forecast. And so there's some adjustments along the way but it's based on what we expect to do for the entire year. So that's kind of how the process works for us.
Mark Joslin: Well, yes. It is for the year but remember in the fourth quarter, we had the fourth quarter of 2018 is really when our inflation took hold and we were able to push price increases through. So when you get back to fourth quarter of this year then that lacks the inflation we saw last year. And as Pete said, going forward, still very early but probably more or like -- and the 2% was over normal, let's call it 1% has been historic inflation. So this year was 2% on top of that which is more like 3% overall. And then going back to more modest historic levels plus I guess I would say so maybe 1% to 2% is what we're looking at this point for 2020 but still very early.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean going back to 2015, if I remember correctly, Ken, we had a very mild fall and winter season that year. And what we've seen if we look back over the last four or five years when we have mild winters whether it's end of the season or the start of the season, we can have very good finishes or starts to the year, some of our best quarters from a growth -- of sales growth operating profitability growth, contribution margins happen on the balance of the year or the start of the year based on mild weather conditions. And as Pete said, the demand is really pretty consistent and strong. And so the mild weather allows our contractors to really extend their work and their ability to meet the demand that that comes to them. So that answers your question, that's really what we've seen and continue to expect to see with milder weather conditions on the shoulders of the season.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And Alex I think we covered that briefly. What Pete mentioned earlier is the weather impact estimate for the second quarter for us was $25 million to $35 million. And then the first quarter $10 million to $15 million. We really didn't get to the second quarter and didn't really expect to because of capacity on the part of our builders. So the total deferred revenue, if you will and I don't know that I characterize as deferred revenue as much as revenue that we had expected to get in the first half of the year that we didn't get is more in the kind of $40 million to $50 million range.
Mark Joslin: Yes, I mean that should certainly come down. Assuming of course no significant buying opportunities, we're very strategic in our purchasing process and when we feel that we can take advantage of pricing, we do that and that's beneficial for us. So it's hard to say but we certainly don't expect the kind of environment going into the next year to be similar to the one we had in last year which would mean as a percent of sales, inventory should be lower.
Peter Arvan: Weather, so for the beginning of July, finally it seems that most of the weather issues have abated, so we're encouraged.
Peter Arvan: Dave, consider that in the first half of the year, we opened up seven locations, and many of those didn't come online until late into the quarter. So, those will start to, remember those mature over time. But certainly, in the second half of the year, those will be much more productive than they were in the first half of the year.
Peter Arvan: Sure. It's a little bit early because we're now thankfully this year doesn't look like we're going to see midseason increases like we had last year. So it looks to be a more normal year on timing. So this is the time of year when our major suppliers are formulating what their pricing strategy is going to be for next year. I would tell you that what -- from what I'm hearing and we really don't have firm numbers from anybody but I would tell you that the general sentiment is that it will be a more normal year in terms of price increase but perhaps slightly above that but not like we had for the 2019 season.
Peter Arvan: I think we're going to continue. So we'll continue on the pace that we're on. So for the balance of this year, we have four more plan to open. So a typical year for us is in the 4 to 8 range and this year will be slightly above that. But I think that reverts back to a more normal rate after that. But remember when we are opening typically when we're opening because there are many markets that we are not in already. So when we open it's out of the need for capacity. So and if you take the larger markets as they grow and they grow further into the suburbs, our current facilities become tapped out. Now, as Mark said, we have and as I said in my comments we are spending a lot of effort and some money on improving our capacity creation within the existing four walls. And in fact if you look at our expense growth for the first half of the year, the reason we're able to achieve that and including the new locations is because of the work that we're doing. So I think the pace of new facilities may slow a little bit but we're doing those out of the need to add capacity but we're also working on the internal tools as well.
Peter Arvan: Yes, so what happens when we open we because again remember these are not new areas. So we find that as the areas are growing and we need more capacity typically when we open a location, we take a chunk of business from a donor location, if you will, and that seeds the new location. And then what we have seen in the past and is really part of our pro forma model as we bring these up for approval is the whole market has to continue to grow. So what we found historically is that the locations are out of capacity. We add a new location. We take a portion of the business that has been shipped to the adjacent market that we now operate in with a facility. And then the new location continues to grow and the old location will eventually grow back to where we started from in terms of anticipating the need for a new location. But that's been historically how we have done these Greenfields for many, many years. But our pro forma model includes the entire market, new and recovery of the sales that we removed from the donor center.
Peter Arvan: I think it's more reflective of strength in the overall market. So in the first quarter of the year because of the weather, there were several projects that were impacted. But again it goes back to capacity, there's only so much capacity and if you look at the quarters, the capacity -- the quarter with the least amount of capacity to catch-up is really the second quarter because the crews are busiest. So I think it's more indicative of the health of that space and the opportunity that we have versus catching up.
Peter Arvan: Yes, it's the demand, here is what's different between here and where I was previously. Demand is very consistent here. The industry is healthy, people want pools, people are remodeling pools, the whole outdoor living lifestyle is very healthy and in high demand. There is a finite amount of capacity in the industry. And when the weather is good, everybody is working very hard and when the weather is bad, it puts everybody behind. What we're working on at Pool Corp though is making sure that we are doing everything we can to extend and expand the capacity of not only ourselves but our contractors and remodel and retailer customers by giving them tools that allow them to spend less time with us and less time procuring material and more time on the job. So part of, if you remember, we mentioned that we remodeled our showrooms and we changed many of our picking processes and we're actually now looking at and monitoring the amount of times that customers actually spend in our facility in hopes of driving that down and allowing them to be more productive. So they're more productive. And we think we will also be rewarded with share for doing that. So I mean, as I said, the industry is pressurized and what that means from my perspective and what that means is that, there's more demand for pools and remodel than there are people to do it. So when the weather is good, it's good but when the weather is bad then things are going to back-up. And like I said, we're working on things to make -- to allow the contractors to be more effective and to create some capacity by doing that.
Peter Arvan: And consider that part of the inventory gain was from acquisitions number one and two from the new locations that we opened. And when obviously we load them first with inventory and then start to sell.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. Our next call will be October 17th, 2019, where we will discuss our third quarter results. Have a great day.
