Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. In the first two months of 2018, we were off to a very strong start, only to be hit by a multiple storms in March, which reduced our customer's ability to get work done, as well as delayed pool openings in seasonal markets. This weather headwind has carried over into April, although fortunately we should be able to recover most of the sales over the balance of the year. Despite this headwind, we still realized 5.4% base business sales growth, 6.2% base business profit growth and an 11.2% increase in base business operating income, all of which are solid. Our base business sales growth in our four largest markets; California, Florida, Texas, and Arizona was 6.4%, while the growth in the rest of the markets that we serve was 3.7%, as these markets were the most affected by the weather. These base business sales results include our green business, which had a 10% base business sales increase in the quarter, as our network is largely in the sunbelt and less impacted by the weather. On the product side of sales, building materials continued its strong performance with 9% growth while commercial had 15% growth. In addition, pool equipment growth was 7%. The growth in these product categories reflect both the ongoing recovery in the remodel and replacement sectors of our business, as well as consistent market share gains and are especially noteworthy, given the inclement weather. The retail product side of our business decreased by 3% in the quarter, which is where the impact of delayed pool openings is most apparent. There should be some catch up here in the second quarter when pools are opened. Our gross margins were up modestly due to minor product and customer mix differences. These differences in mix should largely work themselves out during the course of the year. Our expenses in the quarter were largely as expected, reflecting our ongoing investments in different technology and fleet assets together with volume related costs increases. Our base business operating margin increase of 40 bps, is a testament to our operating disciplines and continuous process improvements. We increased our annual guidance by $0.09 to a new range or $5.45 to $5.70 to recognize the benefit from ASU 2016-09. We're cognizant that we are just now entering the seasonally busiest time of the year, which is when our service level and value proposition are most extensive as we work to help our customers succeed. All results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers and to each other. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where our 4,000 employees worked every day to help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 120,000 customers realize success. We look forward to making 2018, another successful year as we continue to create exceptional value. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I'll just add there that, we have the acquisitions that came into the equation during the course of the year. And Mark mentioned the six acquisitions, the first one of note happened or came into play in the second quarter of last year and the last ones came into a late in the fourth quarter. So what you've got is, you've got that playing into it as well as the opening of a several new locations as well. So that's, our overall expenses are pretty much in line with what we expected. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, definitely, yes. In fact, if you look at the negative in the quarter are, part of that is the nature of where the locations are, where obviously the fourth and first quarter and seasonal markets are a drive, but then you have the pickups in the second and third. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Our objective here, we finished the quarter well on the lower end of our target debt to EBITDA in terms of capital structure. And given the strong cash flow expectations that we have for the year, it's reasonable to expect that we're going to buy a million or so shares back during the course of the year. And that will happen during the course of the year. It's hard to project when that'll happen, exactly. But that's our objective. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: The same 6% to 7%, probably closer to 6% and 7%, but largely unchanged. The expectation is, as we've mentioned, pool openings just a delayed a little bit, a few weeks. And, but those happen and there's injection of products that pool owners consume when they open up their pools and balance the chemistry and the water. And then secondly, in terms of the increment weather and delaying, our customers that are working outside, the expectation is that over the course of the year that are largely a balanced out with a less rainfall. And to that end, there'll be able to catch up a, they won't be able to catch up as Mark mentioned in the second quarter unnecessarily because they're, you know, pretty well booked. And that's typically a capacity hoarder. But the expectation is that the demand is strong and there'll be able to catch up at some point during the course of the year.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So there's two parts here. One part is base business and we had operating leverage of 20 bps in the first quarter, plus 20 bps from gross margins. So we have overall operating margin leverage of 40 bps year on year in base business. That's consistent with our expectations for the year of 20 to 40 bps all together. And then, that's part one. Part two in terms of the acquired revenues, our flyer businesses that flow into - that are not included in base business. Obviously, the leverage point there will be in the second and third quarters and then there'll be a little bit of a hit in the fourth. But again, it's, it's relatively small numbers, although on the margin it does affect it by a couple of pennies here and there.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So, I'm going to take the question, but I'm going to also shift gears afterwards. In the case of expenses, expenses are pretty much as expected. We -- we've known for awhile there has been a, a very tight market on the freight side, particularly when we're talking about third party freight carriers and the cost for those services. So that's kind of rolled into our expectation from an, from an expense standpoint. When you look at it in a year on year comparison it is higher, but that's again within our expectation. And, and that's so that part is, I'll call it okay. My pivot here is with respect to our costs of products and there has been some raw material cost pressures on our suppliers specifically, I had mentioned I think last quarter about some of the components that are used for the manufacturing of the basic sanitizer for pools. And most recently I saw, recently I saw that one manufacturer announced a 5% price increase effective in June. And I expect that others will follow as their costs pressures are driving them to do that. I also expect later in the year to be additional price increases products that are affected by one raw material or another. And while that - when you look at the 2018 year in our general perspective of inflation being 1% to 2% certainly this year, I think with some of the increases that'll take place again, mainly back of the year weighted. We'll still be within 1% to 2%, although probably culture the 2s into 1 given some of that activity again with back end weighted. When you look at the next year though, it could very well be a little higher than that. Too early to make that call for ‘19, but it could certainly be a year that, that we see some, you know, a year that maybe, north of 2% from our price inflation standpoint.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. In terms of the orders that we have on early buys that heavily weighted to retail customers in terms of stocking their stores for the upcoming season. Those orders in that activity was a little bit ahead on the order side vis-à-vis prior year. But we didn't ship as much this year, so we build actually less sales in the first quarter of this year than last year because of the, of the weather and the fact that a lot of this is in seasonal markets and a number of retail stores at the end of March did not have a desire to necessarily take their full orders by that time. And also, we had - the weather certainly affected our ability to make that a priority to shift to them because again, they weren't pushing for it. So, and that been - those orders have been largely shaped by now. So that, that was just the timing from a latter part of March to the early part of April.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. If you look at our four big markets, as I mentioned, we were up 6.4%, the Texas got a little bit of a weather hit there in the quarter, but were not - we would have been certainly 7% in those four markets. And the expectation is that, that will be a - that went to anticipate will happen during the course of the year. And the seasonal markets are obviously the ones that are most affected and they were up by 3.7 that's what we will see, their catch-up in the balance of the year and those should get to 6-ish percent, as we - for the whole year with the catch up in the second, third and fourth quarters. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Okay, I'm sorry. On base business that's still and I think as we talked about in the February call, it'll be between 50% and 60% of our GP dollar growth for the year on base business. On the acquire businesses, that's a different animal altogether. And as I think we've mentioned many times, the great majority of the acquisitions that we make, just like the lion-share of those that we compete with, have very modest, if any, operating margins. So therefore those businesses that are acquired come with little to no contribution. So, therefore it's a matter of instilling the right practices and doing the right things over the course of time that enable us to get to a double digit operating margins. And, that'll play out. But again, the acquired businesses don't come with any profit, so to speak up. So I partial that out and isolate that separately.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: We did - in the January acquisition was the one that we did in Australia and that’s one small location in Australia. More, significant though, the acquisition we made in Northern California that it closed at the end of December. And that team with five locations and are now being incorporated into our Northern California operations. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, today appears to be a short day and we have plenty to do. So I appreciate that. Thank you all for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for July 19 when we will discuss our second quarter 2018 results. Thank you. 
