Mark Joslin: Well, yes. I don't want to comment on the specific dollar amount. But you're right in terms of the drop off, incentive being one of the bigger variable cost. Also, labor is a significant variable cost for us. Our northern branches stack up -- not stack up, they staff up during the peak summer months and then reduce their staffing costs as we get into the latter part of the season. So I would say that you're right in your general expectation for reduced expenses quarterly as we move forward here.
Mark Joslin: Yes. But I would say 2 other comments that add to that was in 2010, the first half we had a little bit of margin compression there. There's really no inflation taking place in the inventory -- in the industry. So if you got our margins in the first half, they were down and then they kind of flattened out and improved by the end of the year. So that was one area. And then the other was just our first quarter results this year were very, very strong and part of that was driven by specific things taking place in the first quarter of this year.
Mark Joslin: Anthony, I had given some share count estimates on this last call or maybe it was the year-end call for this year. And they're still pretty accurate, maybe just a few hundred thousand less. So if you could take the difference I gave then for Q2 to what we reported and just keep that difference for the third and fourth quarter, you'd be pretty close.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, in terms of weather, 2 things. A is that I have a comparison to -- a comparison to last year. In terms of the northeast and midwest, last year the weather was very favorable. And in contrast, this year in fact, it's worse than last year's weather again in the northeast and midwest. It's hot every July and every July there are incidences of record temperatures as set in one market or another. I will tell you that in our largest market, California, the weather has not been particularly favorable at all during the course of both last year and this year compared to normal years. And in fact, this year, I think June was one of the worst in terms of wettest on record. So from a weather standpoint, I would think that overall, the second quarter was pretty much normal and if anything, a little worse than last year's second quarter. In terms of the third quarter, we're only 20 days into it. So if the weatherman can't predict the weather, I'm not going to try.
Manuel De La Mesa: Storms are ironically beneficial for us, in that they cause some damage and that prompts repairs and replacement activity. But again, you got to look at it in context. And given the breadth of our network and how we do business and everything else, those year-on-year comparisons are largely muted.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Typically, vendors in this industry announce price increases in the fall and those become effective typically early in next year. In the case of 2011, there were some price increases and expectations were -- our expectations were that effectively for 2011, inflation -- net inflation will be about 1% to 2% for the year. When you look at that, you got to also put in context that for example, chemical prices in the first part of the year, net-net, were lower than chemical prices last year and chemicals are our #1 product category. So you got to take a net number when I'm talking about inflation. A few vendors, not a majority by any means, but a few vendors did announce in the late spring, early summer, price increases. Some of those price increases became effective as early as June 1, others became effective July 1. The impact on that overall to us, net-net, will be a maybe a 1% increase to our inflation for the back half of the year compared to the first half of the year. And in terms of margin, that provided a little bit of benefit to us in June to the extent that we bought into those increases and we're able to implement the price increases on a timely basis from a sales and pricing execution standpoint. There will be potentially a little bit more of a benefit in the back half of the year. But again, I don't want to get carried away here. For example, our #1 vendor has not announced a price increase, a lot of product categories are in fact flat. So it's a minority of the vendors and that did make a little bit of a contribution, but it's fairly muted.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. I'll give you the industry perspective and then I'll give you ours. Industry is that maintenance and repair activity is in units up 1% to 2%. And in dollars, basically flat because of the deflation in chemicals. In terms of remodeling activity, remodel replace activity and new construction activity both of those are from an industry standpoint, up in the mid single-digits. And therefore, when you weigh the entirety of everything from an industry standpoint, it's probably up 2% to 4% on a year-to-date basis. As highlighted in my comments earlier, we have a number of initiatives in place to grow share. And 2 of the areas -- 2 of the primary areas of focus in that regard are building materials within the context of replacement and remodeling activity. And we have double-digit sales and GP dollar growth there in building materials, and that's by taking share in remodel and replacement activity primarily. And then in the case of the retail customer segment, an area that we feel is an opportunity for us to provide value to our independently owned retail stores and working with them to help them and their business and growing their effectiveness from a marketing and sales execution standpoint, our growth there is also far in excess of the market growth. So clearly, we are growing share again this year. We do every year. And again, the external environment is not particularly great. But despite that, we are gaining share and because of our execution, converting that to over 20% to earnings share growth.
Manuel De La Mesa: It's clearly broader than that. But to the extent that those -- with those customer segments, we're able to provide more value to help them in their execution in sales and providing ongoing better service. That carries over. It has spilled over effect across all areas. I would say that it's tough to give in a public forum what our market share gains are by market. But I would say that like in most years, we're gaining share in a majority of the markets whether this year it will be 80%, maybe last year it was 70% of the market that we participated in. But it's pretty widespread. And that includes both domestically and internationally.
Manuel De La Mesa: No. I mean, the market began to recover during the course of 2010 and that was reflected in our comps. From an external market standpoint, it hasn't recovered any further. It's been kind of flattish over the course of the past whatever, I'd say, 9 to 12 months. So therefore, nothing specific. I just want to make sure that both the sell side, as well as the investor community has the information that we have and therefore, don't get carried away by the, call it, first half results.
Manuel De La Mesa: When we talked about the operating margin leverage that we have, we're talking about that on base business. And those that are new to the business or those new locations to the business in 2011, they become part of the base in 2012. But when we're opening a new location, let's say Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is a viable market. We've been looking at it for a number of years. We were shipping into Puerto Rico from one of our Miami locations for at least the past 10 years. And we decided to make an investment, enabling us to capture more share in the Puerto Rico market. That comes with making an investment in facilities and people. We're not going to get that back in capturing market share the day we open up. People are not going to leave their existing source and come to us overnight. We have to earn that business, and we are. But as we earn that business, the first few months or year, there is some cost that we have to absorb so -- that we front loaded. So therefore, that creates drag. In terms of acquisitions, the lion's share of our competitors depending on whether the Blue side or Green side in a good many cases are losing money. When we make an acquisition and we integrate them into our business, meaning there are certain things that we do to improve results but we can't work miracles as much as we try sometimes. So therefore, those are naturally a drag in the short term. But again, they form part of the base and as we improve execution and rationalize things over time, then they provide the same opportunities for operating leverage going forward.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, that's a -- Keith, excellent observation. When you look at what drives replacement and remodel activity, generally speaking, it involves the pools that are more than 7 years old. And if you look at the install base that is more than 7 years old, you'll note that, that install base is growing by mid single-digits given the rate of new pool construction that was taking place in the 2003, 2004 time frame. So therefore, what's really driving that is the aging of the install base. And I try to bring that out in my comments and I appreciate the opportunity to bring it out again. It's that aging of the install base in terms of units, not so much a significant change in consumer behavior that is driving that mid single-digit growth in replacement and remodeling activity from an industry standpoint.
Manuel De La Mesa: That should continue. If you'll just reflect for a minute, new pool construction peaked in 2005. So therefore -- and then it began to taper off. So the growth of the install base more than 7 years old, this year and next year will be mid single-digits. It will be close to that again in 2013, and it will taper off a little bit in 2014 through 2018 as the permit build rates for the last several years come into the equation.
Manuel De La Mesa: Okay. What happens here is in our inventory system, we have 13 classes of inventory. They're ranked in dollar sales, and basically at the individual location level, 13 has had essentially no activity in the past year. So classes 1 through 12 represents the first 12 in terms of dollar sales in the trailing 12 months. The second class 2 is the next 12th in the dollar sales. So basically what happens is classes 1 through 4 represent over 80% of our cost of goods sold, on a trailing 12-month basis for each -- measured at an individual location level. So when Mark highlights the fact that of our inventory increase, all the $3 million is comprised of class 1 through 4 items. Those are the highest velocity, biggest ticket items so therefore -- and those are obviously the ones that turn the fastest from inventory velocity standpoint.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. And even within the context of pumps, it's the more popular pumps and the more popular chemicals.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, Ryan, let me correct you. Core sales on a daily sales rate basis were pretty consistent, give or take 1% in terms -- year-on-year for the entire quarter. No significant difference, April versus June.
Manuel De La Mesa: Because we have -- I think -- I can't remember exactly. But I think in one month, we have one less billing day and the other month, we gained it back. So we look at it on a daily sales rate basis year-on-year and essentially, they were all between 7% and 9% every month of the quarter.
Manuel De La Mesa: The answer is yes, and 2012, that's the expectation as well. And what if we back out from that? Our acquisitions, new locations and I also backed out the approximately $1 million credit adjustment that we had in the second quarter of 2010 because that's not a fair basis of comparison. So taking those out those out of the equation, yes. Organic 20%, not an issue.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, we look at markets all over the country. I used to make a statement that it didn't matter if there was Paris, Texas or Paris, France. If there were pools, we were looking at the market and we pretty much are largely indifferent in terms of location. In terms of -- but we look at what's the opportunity, what's our share and how we can increase the share. In certain markets that we didn't have physical presence in, that we were shipping or serving from a remote basis, that enables us to only generate or capture a very limited share of that market. And we can capture a greater share by having physical presence. And when we have the resources in place from a management standpoint, when we have the resources in place from a cultivating the customer place -- customer base standpoint from a sales prep that we do for 1 or 2 years before, when all of those things are in place, then we make the investment. And really, we've done that consistently over the course of time. And if it's the right time and we're ready, we do it. And that's, in essence, the story behind these 3.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. That was driven by some significant investment that we made prior to the season from a IT hardware standpoint. And in fact, those investments were reviewed and approved by me in December and were executed largely in the first quarter in anticipation of this season. We go through those types of significant hardware updates every several years. So 2 things: One is the level of CapEx in the back half of the year will be, relatively speaking, modest, certainly a lot less than the first half. And secondly, in terms of 2012, I think, building in approximately 0.5% of sales for next year is reasonable, 0.5% of sales. And this year, it's probably going to end up closer to 0.75% of sales.
Manuel De La Mesa: Essentially, they are unchanged in terms of third quarter versus second quarter, with the basic number basically unchanged for the fourth quarter.
Manuel De La Mesa: We are doing fine in terms of the July month. As I think, David, since you've been following us for, I think, 16 years now. Our daily sales rate increases through some point in June and then begins to decline. So we are now in a declining sales rate. So when we look at the numbers through yesterday, for example, we know full well that by month end, our year-on-year sales growth will be more modest than what's currently reflected. So I'm still looking for approximately mid single-digit sales growth for the month end and for the quarter.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, two things. One is we don't expect the same level of currency impact in the second -- in the back half, so therefore, our 8.1% becomes 7%. And then again, second half of last year was better and we improved gradually during -- the market improved gradually during the course of the year. So I mean, I'm not saying that 7% is out of the question in the back half of the year, but I think it's more reasonable to expect 5%.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. In fact, just to highlight, that business lost money last year as it did in 2009 and we're expecting it to be breakeven to very, very nominal profit.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes, in the former. And in terms of the latter, we're having ongoing discussions. Our commitment to the Green business has remained steady. We don't -- as know us very well, we're not so much focused on quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year. We're more focus on the longer term. And when we studied the Green business back in '99, 2000, we saw an opportunity from a slight chain dynamic standpoint and long-term growth, from an install base standpoint and everything else, probably the industry that was closest to the pool sector in terms of long-term attractiveness, in terms of industry organic growth, as well as providing us the opportunity for having -- making investments and earning -- realizing returns on invested capital that were far in excess of market as we do in the poolside. So that perspective remains, and I think to your point or your question, we made a transaction in Vegas, probably one of the hardest hit markets in late last year, that was TES, we brought on 3 locations on the Green business there. Kilpatrick, a very respectable regional distributor, and that's 4 locations in South Florida. So yes, we're ongoing, looking at opportunities to make investments and very committed long term for the opportunities there.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. We had, again, 12 bps from freight out surcharges and those 12 bps will wind down a bit as the season goes on. We expect -- I would say that to Mark's commentary earlier, we were able to do some deals in the back half of last year, which helped our fourth quarter margins. I wouldn't put those in the bank for 2011. So in the third quarter, I think 20 or 30 bps is very reasonable.
Manuel De La Mesa: Most definitely. What happened here is one of the areas that have helped us not just in 2011, but really over the course of the past, I would say, 3 years is the evolution towards pumps that provide significant efficiencies to the consumer. And to that end, when a single speed pump is being replaced by a variable speed pump and the consumer benefits in terms of, like in California, realizing the difference in energy savings hugely inside of 1 year and in most and other markets inside of 2 years, that variable speed pump though goes at our price point that's 2.5x, 3x of what our regular pump goes for. So I think that's been a positive now, not just in '11 but for the past several years. And gradually, our mix of pump sales has migrated more and more, although it's still the minority, but more and more towards variable speed pumps.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. For example, if you look at in-ground pools, they are upwards of 6 million pumps installed on those in-ground pools. I would venture to say that currently, 90% plus of those pumps are single speed pumps, not even 2 speed, single speed pumps. So therefore, the opportunity to change those out and replace them with a variable speed pump is certainly a very significant opportunity for the industry.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Assume that they were net 0 in terms of -- in year 1 contributions. And that's based on us -- some back office consolidation and certain things that we do to take cost out. So that get them to net 0. You can also assume that these businesses are down approximately 60% off their peak levels of 2006, 2007.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, I think there's 2 elements. And really, it's not so much us, but it's the local and regional distributors' mindset. The industry much like the pool industry did very well for many years and then even more so, on the Green side, benefited by the inflated levels of new reconstruction that was taking place from 2003 to 2007. And therefore, when you're talking to a distributor in -- we're talking to a distributor in 2008, 2009, they were still looking back at '05, '06, '07 and thinking that, that world was going to stay that way forever. And certainly, that was not anywhere near what our valuations were. What's -- the new reality that's really beginning to register in the last, I'd say, 12 months or so is that A, '03 to '07 were not real and not sustainable. And secondly, there is a correction that is not going to be easy to go through. It's going to be depressed for a few more years, and there will be a gradual recovery and that gradual recovery will be more towards volume levels in the late 1990s or 2007, before the so-called boom. So therefore, given that new reality that is beginning to register, people that before were saying, well my business should be valued at x, now are saying, you know what, do I want to work for the next 5 or 10 years and tread water if I'm able to survive in the first place, or do I want to just call it a day. And therefore, as they become progressively more enlightened, I'm sure there will be more transactions.
Manuel De La Mesa: First, the bad debt expense for the quarter was $250,000, which is a negligible amount related to our sales in dollars of $700-plus million. In terms of currency, the number one currency play -- and in fact, there for us is the euro. Last year, through the second quarter, the euro was -- or there was about $1.20 per euro and it's been pretty consistent $1.40, $1.44 through most of the second quarter of this year. And that's again the biggest currency adjustment, year-on-year.
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Everett, and thank you all again for listening to our second quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for October 20, mark your calendars, October 20. Again 11:00 A.M. Eastern, 10:00 A.M. Central, when we will discuss our third quarter 2011 results. Thank you again.
