Peter Arvan: Yes. It’s obviously a little early to provide guidance for 2022, but I can tell you as I said in my comments that demand is strong. We are in a very good position from a supply chain. We've made investments in inventory to do two things really; one is make sure and most importantly, make sure that we can continue to serve customers and fill orders as they need and certainly to keep pace with inflation. So – and secondly, I think we've put a lot more rigor around our pricing processes and discipline and we've added some analytical horsepower too that will help us. So again, a little bit early to give you guidance on what we think about gross margins for 2022. But I can tell you that the things that we outlined in my comments should sustain.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So we have a considerable amount of product down to order and have had really throughout the year just trying to keep pace with demand. So I would tell you that the amount of product that we have on order today would be more than we would typically have on order.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that's an interesting question, right. And I guess I would unpack that a little bit and look at the elements, right. So you have inflation, which again a little bit early to tell you what the total inflationary effect is going to be for 2022, but inflation is certainly going to be elevated. We think new pool construction this year will be between 110,000, 115,000 units, which puts new pool construction up 20%. So the installed base has grown nicely over the last couple of years, demand is still strong, the commercial business has come back and backlogs are good. So I would say for – again, we're not ready to call it 2022 number, but I would just go back and look at the elements that we think are driving demand. I think the work-from-home dynamic is going to stay in place. I think Southern migration will stay in place. The housing market is in good shape. So we're encouraged by the results. And if you breakdown what drives our growth, we'll have – I think we said we opened 10 locations this year, we should have a similar number for next year, a couple of acquisitions this year, we have a good M&A pipeline going, so it's – the elements are in place for another good year.
Peter Arvan: I think there's a lot of things in play, right. When you look at what drives gross margin, mix is a huge factor. The inflationary effect is a factor, pricing execution and discipline is a factor, the volume-related incentive programs are a factor. So I can tell you we're paying very close attention to it, but for me to tell you that, hey, I think this is the new floor. I just think it's way too soon to call anything like that certainly out for five years. But what – the way we think about it is, is really kind of on an element and by element basis and make sure that we're executing on all of those. Certainly the robust demand environment is a very positive thing.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Very good question, Susan. And the way I would think about it is you really have to think – you have to consider what products we're talking about. So if you look at the major equipment suppliers in North America, I think they're going to be in better shape for next year. Certainly they would – you'll ask them the same questions, I'm sure. But based on what we are seeing, they won't have the COVID hangover that they started the year with. So I think production rates, at least the amount of inventory that we are getting is much better than it was. So we feel good about their ability to – and I think I mentioned that in my comments that they'll be able to pace better with us going into the 2022 season, and number one. And number two, our inventory position starting the 2022 season is going to be better, which again, creates a little breathing room for them. One exception, notable exception would be on chemicals, as I said because in that situation with the BioLab fire, that was a huge chunk of the industry's capacity of the Trichlor product. So that pool is being made up a couple of different ways. So in that case there is some import product that is coming in. And as you know with the snarled supply chains, it's taking longer and it's more expensive when it gets here. But I think the domestic – the remaining domestic producers are also going to be in a better position from a capacity perspective to provide more product. And then there's also alternatives for sanitization, which is – primarily be either salt system or liquids, chlorine chalk, which will again, I think be in a better position. So all-in-all, I think the industry is ramping up and has ramped up and worked very, very hard. We mentioned our folks working very hard this year, our suppliers have worked equally as hard trying to keep pace with the industry. But I think we'll be in a better position going forward. I don't really see major changes in the supplier landscape.
Peter Arvan: Certainly. Again, I think I mentioned it in the comments. We've spoken obviously to all of our dealers to see where they are positioned and in virtually all of the geographies the dealers have very robust backlogs. And I mentioned one of the things that's also very encouraging is that many of our dealers are now looking to expand their own capacity. But they're having to contend with the tight labor market that the entire world is having to manage through right now. So from a new construction basis, we think that new pools are going to be up. As I mentioned, about 20% could be a little bit more plus or minus depending on what happens in the shoulder or in the remaining months of the fourth quarter. But activity is very strong. So it's going to leave them with a very good backlog to start the season. So I think from new construction, there's plenty of work and we feel good about that continuing. Remodel is another area, which is also a big portion of our business and with the strong housing market and strong home equity values, the remodel and renovation market is good and many of our dealers are also booked out for many months with pending remodel and renovation projects. So again, just gives us further confidence in the long-term outlook for the industry.
Peter Arvan: I can tell you – first of all, that's a very insightful question. So thank you for asking it. What I will tell you is that we are very focused on the customer experience. So we recognized that we are busy. We recognized that demand is elevated and people need product. But we also don't take that for granted. So our team works tirelessly to make sure that we provide the best value for our customers. So it's not just about having the product, it's about having the product and it's competitively priced and it's available when they need it, and other tools that allow the dealers to be more productive, tools that allow the dealers to expand and grow their business, whether it's our marketing programs or whether it's our digital marketing tools or whether it's the Pool360, which allows remote access, they can look up schematics, they can order parts, they can put things in priority pick. So I can tell you that we measure things like speed at the counter. And for our dealers, time is one of their most critical resources. So it's not just – we don't just look at sales dollars even as busy as we have been. We still measure cycle time to serve a customer at the counter because in a business like ours, approximately 70% of our transactions take place at the counter. So nobody knows for sure how much of the share gains will remain with us. But I can tell you that my entire team all the way down right through every employee in POOLCORP is very focused on providing the very best customer experience. And we think that in the long run that wins out. So if you have the right product, we have the right locations, that's why we're expanding our footprint so that we're – we have capacity and that we're conveniently located for our dealers and that we have robust inventory management programs in place. So that we have more product than anybody else available, that we have the technical expertise, that we have the marketing programs that we appreciate the time with them at our sales centers and don't ever take that for granted and we try and get them in as quickly in and out as quickly as possible. We think that in the end that's going to serve us best and that gives us the best chance of retaining the share gains that we have received.
Peter Arvan: We surveyed dealers really coast to coast, right. And we are in – we talk to the – our customers, we talk to them each and every day. And I can tell you right now, the amount of leaves that they have and the amount of work that they have booked would suggest that for the time being they're in very good shape. But then I fall back to the kind of the macroeconomic conditions that we think are driving the result. I would tell you that, as I mentioned, this work-from-home dynamic has certainly enhanced people's desire for a pool or a patio or an outdoor living because frankly, they're spending more time at home and less time in the car commuting or at an office. We think that people moving out of high cost of living areas. And when they're exiting those areas, they're exiting with very nice gains on home equity. So they're armed with very good down payments that they can use for renovations and remodels on the new home that they purchased in a lower cost living area. In many cases that happens to be in more year-round markets. So quite frankly, we're very encouraged by the outlook. We don't look at it as a short-term gain, we look at the underlying fundamentals and say that things are good now that a lot of that is tied to the housing market. So if the housing market – as long as the housing market stays strong, people feel that their financial condition is good and improving then we think that the desire to spend money on outdoor – the outdoor living experience, whether it's a pool or patio or hot tub or an outdoor kitchen, we think has a lot of legs and will continue.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think historically we've said that new build is in the kind of 15% to 18% and renovation and remodel would be in the 23% to 25% range. I would tell you, Stephen, is probably still – it's still in that range. Last year I think we saw more focus on new construction than remodel. But I think as the builders have added some capacity and frankly gotten caught up in some markets, I think there's been a bigger desire for renovation and remodel, which is where I think there's a lot of pent-up demand independent of the backlog and desire for new pools. So I would say that I don't think that the percentages have shifted all that much, but I can tell you that they're both – they both have significant backlogs.
Peter Arvan: A little too soon for me to tell you what 2022 will be. I can tell you that it's been a long time since I've spoken to dealers that told me that they're adding crews, and we've heard that – we've heard that several times, so it's not – it's more than an incidental comment. But again, it's very challenging labor environment. So I think we can give you a better estimate on that when we give our wrap on 2021 and provide guidance for 2022. But I can tell you that's really one of the most encouraging things that I've heard of late is that the dealers are adding capacity to their crews.
Peter Arvan: Yes. We'll start to roll out in the fourth quarter of – we've already – we've frankly already started, we have customers in beta right now, and that will be rolled out in full force really after the first of the year. It's a very robust upgrade over the tool that we have traditionally used, it is much more user friendly for the customers, the search function and the available functionality on there. We have captured really voice of the customer, concerns and suggestions and ideas and kind of wrap them into the tool and it kind of goes hand-in-hand with our BlueStreak kind of a kiosk or counter application that we're using. We're also arming our BDRs to be able to use the BlueStreak tool when they're actually out with the customer. So we are investing nicely in kind of the whole customer experience as it relates to technology. So I think customers will be very pleased and very happy with the improved functionality and that we listen to them with things that they suggested would make the tool more user friendly for them and certainly make them more inclined to use it.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Certainly, we are not immune from the increased cost as it relates to fleet. We've seen inflation on the driver side. Certainly fuel is up considerably over where it was a year ago and even the cost of vehicles is up. But if you remember, a few years ago, we started our capacity creation initiative in earnest and one of the things – one of the key elements of that was truck utilization. So the key for us is actually getting higher utilization rates on the truck, which allow us to absorb the increase in operating cost, but still create operating leverage with the truck. So in a type of environment that we're in given that most of our products that are delivered or delivered on our own trucks that actually has worked in our favor, so the team works very, very hard on execution as it relates to the truck utilization and the overall transportation rate because we know what's coming down the pipe with fuel and driver cost and other associated maintenance and repair.
Peter Arvan: Okay. Interesting question. It's a – stockouts really vary by product. So I would tell you – it's a different answer. So if we talk chemicals for instance, we talk Trichlor, there's certainly a different answer as it relates to stockouts. As I mentioned in my comments, we had rolling stockouts as it relates to Trichlor, they are just – there wasn't anything we had, I couldn't move it around from one facility to the other. We took whatever product we had. We tried to be fair with customers and didn't allow people to stockpile and take care of as many customers as we had, but we were net short. In that situation, customer has a couple of the choices, a) they can go to someplace else and see if they have the product, which in the case of Trichlor, in most cases, the answer was if we didn't have it then nobody else had it. And then they move down…
Peter Arvan: Yes. What I would say Ken is that we had certain items that were in short supply from the manufacturers and in those cases, the value – one of the biggest values that we provide our customers is, is that we may not have it in one location, but I may have it in another. And if it's just generally net short in the industry and it doesn't exist like some key products were early on in the season then there is another alternative or another vendor. So if you need a pump, you may have wanted vendor A, and that pump wasn't available, but it's not like we said, hey, I don't have anything to offer you, we said you wanted – you asked for pump A, but we have B, C and D that we can offer you, which will get you up and running and get your water [indiscernible] to use your pool. And that's frankly, the area that we excelled because it was a) the chances of us having it in the multitude of facilities that we have in the market were better than virtually anybody we compete with in general. But in those cases that we still didn't have the particular item because it was sold out and backed up on – and the vendors unable to produce then we had another product. So it wasn't like we said, I don't have anything to offer you in most cases. I'm sure there were some cases where a specific product we may not have had an alternative, but given the fact that sales were up so nicely and at the same time our inventory was growing kind of shows you the flexibility that we have and the power that we have in the market to offer a better solution to customers.
Peter Arvan: I think certainly part of the gross margin calculation for the business are certain volume-related programs. So we are having a very good year. So it stands to reason that that part of the gross margin is enhanced. Now the year starts again next year, there's a new program again next year and we have to work through that.
Peter Arvan: If you remember, when we first met, I told you that there's four things. My four operating principles are safety, growth, profitability and employer of choice. And what makes employer of choice so important is that there's really nothing that you can buy from me that you can't buy from anybody else. It simply is the team and the value proposition that they create around those things – those products that you can get from other folks that makes the difference. We are very fortunate, very blessed to have an extremely dedicated team. And I couldn't be prouder of the results and more appreciative of the results and the hard work that they have put in, in order for us to accomplish and to frankly, to facilitate our dealers and our customers ability to accomplish what they've done. So we strive to take very good care of our employees we have. I think Melanie mentioned that our incentive compensation, which a year-ago, we were telling you well could be the source of some cost savings, our operating – sorry, our bonus program, this year incentive compensation, whatever you want to call it is up significantly and will be up. So we're basically taking the bounty that of the terrific results we have, and we are sharing it with the folks, but it's not just about money, it's about appreciation and recognition of their efforts. And I think we've done more of that this year than we ever have done. And it's something that has allowed us to keep the workforce together behind us and engaged.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think what you have to keep in context is that, Melanie pointed out in her comments that the inventory is up in dollars quite a bit. But if you look at it in days, our days of inventory are actually down. So it really is about getting your head wrapped around what the true demand signal is and making sure that we have products in place. Now the demand signal from the market is very strong, right, so the backlog, the amount of work that they have today and the amount of work that they have for going into 2022, and as I mentioned, sometimes all the way through the 2022 season, if you simply just look at the amount of product that is on order and you turn the crank on how much product we're going to need through the balance of the 2022 season, it doesn't really give me much concern at all in terms of, wow, we have too much product, frankly, at this point, I'd really rather air on the high side because it allows flexibility on our customer side to keep them moving forward because every time one of our dealers has to go back to a job to complete it because maybe they didn't have the whole good that they needed or the part that they needed. That simply is a huge productivity drain on them. So we've worked very hard to make sure that we have as much of that product on a first time fill rate to allow them to keep going. So again, given the dollars, given the seasonality that this is the time of year that we should be ramping up from inventory to start and be prepared for the 2022 season. So I'm not really concerned with the amount of product that's on order because we will certainly go through it.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, everyone, and thank you for your support and for joining us today. We hope you all have a safe and happy holiday season because the next time that we will talk together will be on February 17, 2022, where we will be reviewing the fourth quarter and full-year results for 2021 and providing guidance on our outlook for 2022. Thank you. And we hope you all have a wonderful day.
Melanie Hart: Okay. First of all, you mentioned our performance-based incentive compensation. And so coming out of 2020, we had mentioned that we expected that number to be down around $30 million going into 2021. And in fact, our projections for this year now, we’re thinking that we're actually going to be $10 million to $15 million higher than where we were in 2020. So that gives us quite a range of flexibility on the incentives compensation side. But really outside of that, there's more direct factors that I would want you to take into account. So I know that we've talked a lot about capacity creation, so we've covered those historically. But the other thing that's really not evident in these numbers because of the hard work that the team has put through is the fact that within this environment a lot of the market share that we've gotten and a lot of the share gains have come from our ability to serve our customers, but doing that is not without additional cost. So we have had the opportunity where we've had to move product around in order to serve our customers and do other things that from an out the door operating expense side has cost us more in the current year. And so those costs we also expect to come out of the next year base when the supply chain is more in line.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So from an operating margin standpoint, we've certainly seen accelerated growth in 2020 and 2021. But from a long-term standpoint, we're still reiterating kind of our 20 basis points to 40 basis points expected improvements on the new higher base of numbers that we should see going into 2022.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So from a capital allocation standpoint, we do first look to support the current business, which from an overall turnover standpoint, we have done that very well. We also look to invest and expand and so we've added 10 new locations this past year. We've also completed four acquisitions in 2020 and spent quite a bit more. We spent about a $125 million, which is higher than our traditional level. This year, so far, we've completed two additional acquisitions. And so from a long-term perspective, we certainly see the benefit adding to the network and including those acquisitions. And then after that, we did also increase our dividend policy earlier in the year to increase the dividend rate that we're giving back to our shareholders. And then once we've kind of taken a look at all of those various opportunities, we do continue to believe that share buybacks is a very accretive benefit to the company. And so as I mentioned, we did increase actually the total dollars that we've spent on share buybacks in the current year, and we'll continue to look at that as it makes sense going forward.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So in a year where we return to our normal growth as we've talked about to 6% to 8%, we would expect to see kind of a normal drop through, we would expect in the event or in the year that we finally do return to that normal growth that we would have a benefit from some of the incentive compensation. And also we do continue to work on our capacity creation that will allow us to continue to reduce our operating expenses as a percentage of overall sales. But the operating margin leverage on that would be similar to what we've seen historically within the 20 basis point to 40 basis point improvement.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We certainly have seen the pipeline step up from a seller's perspective. A lot of them have gotten much more interested because of some of the pending tax changes that are coming. And so we do continue to evaluate those opportunities as they come through. We do take a very focused look on them and ensure that from a strategic standpoint, we believe that any of those acquisitions would add value to the overall consolidated financial statements going forward. So we do have some specific criteria that we look at as we evaluate those acquisitions.
