Mark Joslin: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2019 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management’s outlook for 2020 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K, the latest edition of which will be filed at the end of this month. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I’ll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Mark Joslin: Sure. Sure. Let me handle that, Dave. So first of all, in terms of strategic buy, you’re really probably referring to what we did in 2018 and the pre-price-increase purchases. And in 2018, as in 2019, we also do our normal seasonal buy-in with vendors. So we commit to purchases in the fall for delivery at the vendors’ convenience throughout the fall and into the spring. And then we pay for those in the late spring and summer. So for 2019, inflation – I’m sorry, for 2020, inflation expectations were a return to normal, and that’s what we’ve seen. And so we did our normal kind of fall buy that we’ve done in years past. And nothing unusual from that perspective. In terms of gross margins and the comment about them being flat for the year, I provided some kind of highlights in my commentary, but just to recap those. Going back to 2019 first quarter, we had the benefit of the pre-price-increase inventory that we had purchased. Selling prices increased at the start of the year for all of our customers, and so we were able to sell that lower-priced inventory in the first quarter and a little bit into the second quarter, which gave us a margin benefit, which was 90 basis points in the first quarter last year and 30 basis points – 20 to 30 in the second quarter. At the same time, because those purchases that we did were in 2018 instead of 2019, that affected the vendor incentives that we received, and those were higher in 2018 and a little bit lower in 2019. And so that impacted our margins overall for 2019 and left us with a flat margin in 2019, considering the big comp difficulty that we had in the fourth quarter. So 2020, we have that tough comp in Q1, tough comp in Q2. We’ll benefit from getting back to normal vendor incentives, which gives us that flat expectation for the year. So a lot of background there. So if you have any follow-up on that, Dave, let me know. But that’s how it lays out.
Mark Joslin: Ryan, I can’t break that out precisely – or I won’t break it out precisely. But it was – probably 80% is – was the tough comp, and the smaller piece of it was the incentive piece, maybe 90%, 85%. But most significantly was just the tough comp from the year before.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, that’s a reasonable expectation. So the 90 basis points from last year plus the early buy maybe brings it down another 10 to 20 basis points. So you’re in the neighborhood there.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, one difference, first of all, Ryan, is share repurchases which have been stock and trade for us for a number of years and add generally a couple of percent to earnings per share. And we’re – we really didn’t have any to speak of in 2019, so no benefit there moving into 2020 from 2019 purchases. And at this point, we’re not anticipating that, that will happen. We don’t generally reflect those in our guidance in any case. So that’s probably a bigger impact there. But yes, a little bit of caution on expenses, given some investment in non-recurring that we had – non-recurring benefit that we had last year. So generally, we have constraints on industry labor. So we think we have good opportunity from a demand standpoint, but we have to wait and see how well the contractor base can deal with that given the labor constraints that we and other building industry participants have so.
Mark Joslin: No. For the year, no. I believe we would expect similar kind of performance as we’ve had. And as I said, we look for 20 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement. That our contribution margins last year was 17%, so that’s well above our operating margin, and it provides a healthy ramp opportunity for us to continue growing operating margins over time.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, I don’t see any significant shift in financing, Kenneth. Still banks are skewed towards better creditworthy the borrowers and the lower end of the credit spectrum is more challenged. So if you look at it from an industry standpoint, we had a big middle market business years ago that really never came back after the recession. And that really hasn’t changed.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, really, Ken, there’s no change in our long-term capital allocation strategy, always very, very consistent over time. Which is, invest everything in the business, make acquisitions, what we have done and we will continue to do. And we think, by the way, there’s good opportunities in this market environment for acquisitions. So that will get some attention. And then a dividend program which should grow with earnings over time. And then excess cash going to share repurchases. It just so happens that in the short term, with the 43% run-up in stock price last year and where we sit today, we think that saving some capacity for a time when we’re not competing with shareholders is going to be good for us. But that’s not going to be two, three years down the road. That should be in the foreseeable future. So that’s about as specific as I want to get. But there’s really no change in long-term strategy, just how we’re executing in the short term.
Mark Joslin: Well, yes, domestic blue as well. So we look across all aspects of the business and we see a fairly active market. We’ve been in 10 years of economic growth. So if there’s someone out there looking to sell their business, now it’s probably not a bad time for them in their minds. And so we’ll see what happens, but we think there will be some good opportunities for us.
Mark Joslin: Yes. In terms of the percent, I’m not as – I would say that the inventory growth should be modest this year. We have an opportunity to grow that a little bit less than we have the last couple of years. We’ve had an impact from acquisitions. Of course, we had an impact this year-end from vendors who shipped a bit more on early buys than they normally do. Now those were on dated terms, so it didn’t impact cash flow, but that helped push up inventory growth a little bit. And then we had the big inflation on inventory from 2018 into 2019. So add 4% to the inventory levels for inflation which pushed it up a little bit. So given all those factors and really a focus on our part to look at making sure that we’re managing that well, I don’t expect to see the same kind of growth, and probably getting back closer to the historic levels that you’re talking about.
Mark Joslin: Yes. No, I think that’s still the way we’re viewing things based on the feedback from suppliers and the increases that were announced, it looks to be a much more normal year in that regard.
Mark Joslin: Well, we gave some guidance. If your parse our comments, I think we gave some guidance throughout the P&L, starting with the top line and the revenue growth expectations, greater in the first quarter due to the easier comps we have. Really, first quarter, first half with less growth in the back half. Some early buy from a customer standpoint, moving from Q2 into Q1, gave quite a bit of color on margins, on expenses, didn’t really provide a lot of modeling color other than overall for the year. So I think that we’ve given about as much – or more than we normally do in terms of kind of how the year looks like it’s going to shape up at this point. So I’ll leave it at that, I think.
Peter Arvan: Sure, Dave. I’ll take that. When I look at our product groups that are growing, if you consider that building material for us has been an area of strength. Over time, it continues to build. So we had a very good year with building materials last year. As I said in my commentary, it was up 9%. The margin profile on building materials is good. Of course, your cost to handle building materials sometimes can be a little bit more expensive than the lighter boxes. Commercial is another area that we continue to gain traction in. And commercial – the margin profile in commercial is going to be a little bit lighter on the very large projects. So that is an area that we’re continuing to grow, and that has a slight impact on our overall margin mix. If I think about the chemical portion of our business, the – that’s more of a discretionary – or nondiscretionary part of our business that will follow the weather and how often that – when the pool opens and how often it gets used. And if I think about the inflation that we’re looking at this year on chemicals, if we have a normal weather year, inflation is normal. So from a mix perspective, I don’t look for any overall impact. And equipment this year from a margin profile, so equipment follows, obviously, the maintenance and repair and in new construction. Last year, construction, we think, was down year-over-year – I’m sorry, the – yes, the new pool construction, we think was down about 3%. Although the numbers are still preliminary, this year, assuming a normal year and without having the benefit of price increases on equipment, I think our margin profile on that returns back to normal.
Peter Arvan: Yes, good morning. I’ll take that one. So when I think about new categories, I wouldn’t characterize it as new categories. As we said during our Investor Day presentation, there is an opportunity with automation. So instead of a time clock – mechanical time clock, to have IoT-type products that you can see and control your pool from your phone, we think there’s an opportunity to continue to move from the single-speed pumps to variable-speed pumps. We think that there’s some new product opportunities as it relates to some of the green products, and if you think about UV systems on pools which contribute to a healthier pool and less chemicals. So I wouldn’t say that there’s a lot of new categories. What I would say is that there’s a big opportunity with automation because of the 5.5 million in-ground pools, over 3 million of them essentially have no automation. So what we see in the market is as those pools need to be repaired and maintained, that the dealers are starting to offer the automation instead of just a one-for-one replacement, or instead of changing out the halogen light like-for-like, talking to the homeowner about moving that to an LED. So I don’t think it’s new categories, I just think it is a switch towards higher-technology products. And if you look at our building material products, we’re continuing to see growth in outdoor lighting and some of our other hardscapes, which are newer for us, certainly as compared to the legacy pool products. So I think that’s what you’re going to see driving our growth.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think it’s similar overall. I think the margin profile on lighting is very similar. When I think about pumps, for instance, single speed to variable speed, probably a little bit lighter on the variable speed than a single-speed pump, but that’s nothing unusual that we haven’t seen that trend growing over time. And then when I look at the overall automation margin profile on that, very similar to the items that it would be replacing.
Peter Arvan: No, I don’t think so. And that one on the variable-speed pump replacement for all single speed, remember, that takes effect next year, mid-July of 2021. And honestly, manufacturers are all trying to figure out which pumps they have that could hit the DOE specification. Some of the manufacturers think that they can do it with single-speed pumps. Others are saying no and will have to be switched to variable speed. And then, of course, you have – it happens later in the season anyway, or midway through the year. And then by the time inventories are worked through, I really see that as a 2022 play. There will be limited impact in 2021. I see it taking effect more in 2022. But honestly, I think we’ll have a better view of the impact on that as the manufacturers sort through their product portfolio and figure out what they’re going to do to meet those regulations.
Peter Arvan: I think it will be a similar number this year. We had one – in 2018, we had one new green center. We had one in Canada, blue; one in Europe; and then the rest were in U.S., blue. I would think it’s probably going to be a similar profile going into the 2020 season.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would tell you that the backlog is good. I just attended a bunch of industry shows and dealer meetings in the last month. And I will tell you that my sense is, is that optimism is very, very high with the dealers. And I mean – and from just my take on it is, everybody is upbeat and there is a fair amount – or good backlog that everybody is sitting on right now. So…
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question, Blake. As I said, the preliminary numbers show that the new pool construction year-over-year is probably going to be down 2% to 3%, and they’re still buttoning that up, so that’s why I cautioned that was a preliminary comment. I think that is almost 100% driven by weather. And consider that there’s only a certain number of buildable days during the year as where weather permits. And we lost many of those days in the first half of last year. And then there’s only a certain amount of labor that can be applied to those projects. So I say that demand is very solid for new pools. I see nothing that would indicate that there’s any softening of demand in – for new pools and new construct or remodel. So when I think about the mix, I think it returns to our normal – if you look at us, our new pool construction probably makes up 15% to 16% of our total business. And reno is another 25%. And then you’ve got the maintenance and repair, the nondiscretionary part, makes up the balance. And I think that from a mix perspective, 2020 is probably going to look an awful lot like that. I don’t see people saying, I’m not going to do remodel, I’m going to do this or that. I think it really – I think there’s general pent-up demand for both, and I don’t see any of the dealers changing their profile of work.
Peter Arvan: Yes. When we look at the overall, I think the top four markets, we had relative strength in Florida. Florida was very good. Arizona had a tough – so above the total business, Arizona was lighter simply because of a very poor first half. The back half of Arizona was strong. Texas was probably about in line with the business, but again, much skewed towards the back half of the year. And California, stronger in back half than the first half because they were very cold and wet. But in California, the fourth quarter was, specifically in Southern California, they got a fair amount of rain which kind of dampened things out. So they were slightly below the total.
Peter Arvan: I think we’ve invested in salespeople. We’ve invested in inventory. I mean, on the commercial business, you have to have – it’s a different expertise because it’s largely a bid and spec job for a portion of it on the new construction. And then when it comes to maintenance and repair, when you have competition pools, you have to have it in stock. So if there’s a competition pool that has a pump go down or a heater go down, it’s not a question of, well, who’s got the best price? It really is a question of, hey, do you have it in stock? So we’ve invested in regional inventory to make sure that we have kind of all the important inventory within a reasonable lead time to where the concentration of pools are, and like I said, we’ve invested in talent. And I think we’ve gotten a lot smarter and a lot better in tackling that business. So I think it’s just – it’s share gain based on our investments in people and products.
Peter Arvan: Well, I think our overall market share on commercial pool, we’re in the 10% range. And if you look at what our overall market share is on the rest of the business, that implies that there’s a fair amount of room for us to grow. So – but there’s also a portion of that business that we don’t participate in that has to do with bulk chemicals. So of what we consider the addressable market, I think we could easily double the business that we have.
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question, Jeff. I think about growth opportunities for both businesses a little bit differently. The green business is – has a big irrigating component. Irrigation is tied to new construction, and new construction has been relatively strong and continues to look that way. So from a base business growth, probably the green business growth profile in that area is a little bit better than blue, but not significantly different.
Peter Arvan: Yes, thank you. Thank you all for joining our call today. Our next call will be scheduled for April 30, where we’ll discuss the first quarter results for 2020. Have a great day.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. So a couple of questions. First off, sticking with the gross margin. In the fourth quarter, the decline of 170 basis points, how much of that was the price/cost goodness not repeating? And then how much was lower rebate? I think that’s what you said.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That’s really what I was getting at, so that kind of gets me there. And then I want to get a little more specific on gross margins in 1Q 2020, if we can. I just want to get a sense of what should the decline be year-over-year? Is down 100 basis points sort of the right range? You’ve got the price/cost issue again, and then you mentioned the early buy that may move into 1Q. So I’m just trying to think about those two pieces.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Okay. And then I realize I’m getting a little picky with this question. But 2020, the guidance for 10% to 15% EPS growth, that’s a little below your goal for mid-teens. I’m just trying to figure out what’s really the difference? Is it some of the investment, Mark, that you talked about? And then you mentioned a non-repeat of some SG&A tailwinds. Just what’s different? And why isn’t 15% or better? Because it sounds like an easy weather comp and the market’s healthy.
Ken Zener: Good morning, all. Glad you’re not charging more for those mixed up products, as a potential customer of yours.
Ken Zener: So given your comments about 1Q gross margins because of prebuys, et cetera, in 2018, since you’re addressing the gross margin, Mark, could you talk to if you expect the base operating leverage to degrade by the amount you said in gross margin? Just so no one’s surprised.
Ken Zener: Well, there’s no reason SG&A operating leverage would change at all just because the gross margin’s swinging around, right? I mean in short.
Ken Zener: So about financing? Are people talking about – when you’re out there with the dealers or folks, I mean, just give us a context for how much is paid out of cash as opposed to borrowed? And is there any easing of credit that – any commentary you picked up there.
Ken Zener: Then the last area, buybacks. If you’re not buying back and you’re not going to necessarily tell us when you’re buying back, can you give us some more thinking? I mean, you talked about opportunity. Can you just expand on that? That is a little bit of a – I want to say a shift. But I mean, you guys have pulled back what would at least be a very steady cadence, right? You’re going to invest in the business, you’re going to do dividends, and the rest is coming back to shareholders. It seems like it’s eased up a little bit, please clarify if that interpretation is wrong. And what does an opportunity look like, I guess? I mean, if you could expand on that a little bit.
