David S. MacGregor: Can you just talk about trends in the discretionary spending categories? I realize it's a smaller part of your business and it sounds like maybe up until now, it's been relatively light. But I'm just wondering if you're starting to see any -- anything encouraging there?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Just for a little perspective, we estimate that from, call it 2006 timeframe to the bottom in early -- or 2009, there was 35% to 40% reduction in terms of affecting the replacement remodeling activity in our business. And we began to see a little bit of recovery there in 2011 and we're continuing to see a little bit more recovery in that regard in 2012. And that's best captured, in our case, with those items that are involved again, in equipment replacement or the resurfacing or remodeling of the pool. So an example of some of that and -- is our growth in building material sales, where we're 15% year-to-date now and we know that we captured share in that space. But independent of our capturing share, certainly, the marketplace there is a little better than it would be overall.
David S. MacGregor: And then within the replacement business, is there anything going on with mix that's notable? I mean, are people buying higher quality products, do you get a sense there's a little more confidence being reflected in how people spend on replacement?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, that's a great question, David. The mix impact there is more geared not so much to a change in consumer behavior in the natural sense of spending versus not spending. But it's more reflected in energy-efficient products. For example, variable-speed pumps being sold instead of a single-speed pump. And there are significant energy efficiencies that the pool owner realizes by putting in a variable-speed pump, usually upwards to 70%, 80% savings in terms of energy consumption. But the upfront price is logically higher and we are seeing some shifting there of mix, and that's overall benefiting industry and our sales a little bit, certainly as that mix happens, although there is a small drag on margin as a result as well -- margin percent as a result.
David S. MacGregor: And finally, just can you comment at all on the outlook for 2013 vendor price increases?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: At this juncture, the expectation would be that probably, overall, an inflation will be close to 2%. Certain manufacturers -- I'll call it on the equipment side, for example, have already announced increases, which will be fully effective sometime in the spring of next year and those are a little higher than 2%, in the neighborhood of 3% to 4%. But chemical is still very depressed and accessories, I don't anticipate anything significant there and in other product categories, they're still not yet announced. So overall, in all likelihood, the effective increase will be somewhere in the neighborhood of 2% for next year.
David S. MacGregor: I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about your expectations around housing sector recovery here? And my understanding was kind of the attachment rate was always maybe 10% to 15% from new pool construction with new homes. How might that change as we look at the next cycle?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well a couple of things, David. The attachment rate, we wish it was 10% to 15%. It's nowhere near that. Most pools, most in-ground pools go in as home improvements and the attachment rate, if it's 10%, 15%, it would be single-family homes above a certain price threshold. So that's -- for perspective, that's I think it's important to note that. What we do see is a couple of factors. What we do see is 2 things: one is we see that new pool construction will lag the recovery of home values by probably 1 to 2 years. So as we have seen this year, in 2012, as anticipated by us and not just by us, but I think the general market consensus was that 2012 was going to be the turning point in terms of the housing market, in terms of valuations. As we see that happening, that is going to provide more confidence and there will be a -- we believe a 1 to 2 year lag before that increased confidence and that recovery of equity in their homes will result in meaningful increases in new pool construction. So we see that happening. New pool construction is up very marginally this year, in 2012, probably no more than 5,000 units on a national basis. But we do see that creeping up gradually over time. Frankly, we believe the bigger impact is going to be on replacement remodeling activity, as in your earlier set of questions. We believe that, that's an area that is -- first of all lower price points and there'll be greater inclination to do something there first.
David S. MacGregor: So how do you think about the growth potential around replacement remodeling activity then? Do you -- I mean, what do you correlate that with as you try to model it?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, what we've looked at there is primarily consumer confidence. Obviously, awaiting there with the housing market overall. I mean, people have to view their homes as an investment and not an expense. And then once they view that home as an investments, they'll be more willing to invest in their home whether it be in resurfacing the pool, replacing the equipment or, again, bigger leap of faith, putting in a new pool.
David S. MacGregor: Okay. And just to some extent, I guess, you could take a look at the install base and make some kind of an assumption about sort of life expectancy of various elements of installation and then try to model off that.Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Exactly, in fact, we have that in our models.
David S. MacGregor: So what kind of growth do you get just from -- if all else being equal, all else being flat, what kind of growth do you get just from the replacement demand?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: If you look at the numbers, we estimate that there is about close to $300 million of sales to us that we will, given our share of the marketplace, we will be able to capture or recapture in the case of replacement and remodeling activity and that will be realized over the course of the next 6 to 8 years.
Ryan Merkel: So I want to start with the organic growth outlook in the fourth quarter. It seems to me, I'm kind of reading between the lines, but it sounds like the pool market is maybe stabilized a bit after some of the pull forward we saw in the middle of summer?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: You are correct, Ryan. If you worked through the periods, I mean, we were going gangbusters through May and then June and the first part of July, through about 3rd week of July was pretty much flattish year-on-year. And towards the end of July, year-on-year sales activity began to increase again and increased decently in August, September. So yes, I would expect, call it mid single-digit type increase for the fourth quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Got you. Okay, great. And then just moving to gross margins, Mark mentioned a few headwinds there. It sounds to me like that should continue into the fourth quarter.Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, that's correct. We expect those headwinds to continue. We had the mid-season price increases last year and those mid-season price increases that we bought into basically covered us for the balance of the year. So therefore, what happens is that as we realize pickups during the course of last year from, call it, May forward, that we have: A, an artificially tougher comp to wrestle against and especially given the fact that we did not have those types -- that type of activity this year. So that's that headwind that we have. And then the other headwind that we have is what I mentioned earlier in terms of -- in my prepared remarks, where we have a little bit of a drag from both customer mix as well as product mix, whether it be to product mix, to our selling of variable-speed pump, which sells at about 2.5x the price of the single speed pump but a percentage margin is lower or LED lights versus a regular light. That also sells at a premium price but a lower margin percent. Those are product type issues and customer issues. It's mainly some of the bigger guys in the market are gaining -- growing a little faster than smaller guys.
Ryan Merkel: Yes. The year-over-year vendor price increase, I get. What about sequentially though, did the decline surprise you?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No. I would have thought that it would have been maybe 10 or 20 bps different but nothing significantly.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then last one for me, I'll turn it over. Just given the upcoming dividend tax change at the end of the year, are you considering a special dividend? One of your peers did something recently. I'm just curious what you're thinking there.Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Ryan, you ask very good questions. Dividends and that type of discussion is really something that's done at the Board level. And we're having a meeting with the Board in November and I am pretty positive it's going to come up. But I think it's a little premature, and in fact, I think, the other distributor did something, may have been a little bit premature, given the unknown outcome in a couple of weeks.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: A couple of questions. First, just looking at the gross margin, could you perhaps quantify what the impact was from just the competitive pricing pressures and the mix shift to some of these product categories that you just talked about?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Let me back up, Anthony, and give you the perspective that we believe that roughly half of the difference, right? And this is more art than science, although there is some science underneath it because we have all the mixes and everything else, but there's also geography that plays into it as well, different margin in different markets. But when you look at -- when it's all said and done, we believe that roughly half of that, of the shortfall year-on-year is due directly to the price increase benefits that we got last year that we did not get this year, are buying into those price increases. Okay? Last year, so that's about half the delta. The other half is the rest. And I would say the rest as product mix, customer mix and in a number of cases, a little bit more accentuated competitive pressures than perhaps in a normal year. So those are the -- and that competitive pressure is heavily weighted towards chemicals by the way. So those are the 3 pieces and it's hard to pin a number down but I'd say that those are 3 reasonably comparable type rationales or reasons for that -- the rest of the shortfall.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay. That is helpful. And where is your private label product penetration nowadays?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Last year, we finished between private label and exclusive products representing 25% of our gross profits in our U.S. business. We expect that to be a little higher when we tabulate the numbers for 2012 and that will continue to grow as time goes on.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay. And just looking at the maintenance piece of the business, could you perhaps quantify what your base business sales growth was in your maintenance or just overall nondiscretionary product area?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. That would really follow very closely to our Retail customer segment. I mean that also would include the Service segment. But in the Retail segment, we're up 4.7% year-to-date through September. So I would say that it'd be very similar to that overall in terms of our sales to the maintenance and repair component of the business, close to 5%. And that would be where the industry is in that sector doing, probably, something in the neighborhood of 2%.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay. And lastly, do you expect any other service center additions this year and what's your outlook for 2013?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Not for so much for 2012, we're hoping something it will be like -- practically speaking, it won't matter in this year. Typically, we try to get those open before the preceding season, so they will be more targeted for first quarter opening. And we do have a few, let's say, at this juncture, 4, 5 sale centers, small sale centers that we're looking at opening for the 2013 season.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: And are they mostly in the existing markets or newer markets?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, they would be more weighted towards existing markets where we are basically opening up satellite centers to get closer to the service and maintenance trade that perhaps we don't serve as well as we could because of just sheer traffic.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Got it. So you want to be more convenient to customers basically?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Exactly, right.
David M. Mann: Just a couple of questions. First of all, when you're talking about the pricing pressures you're seeing in the marketplace, how long do you think that's likely to continue? Or do you think that's just a function of sort of the strength in the market earlier this year just got people a little over-excited on their inventory buys?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: First, yes. Certainly, there was some rebalancing of inventory taking place. I think the other reality, David, is what's happened over the course of time and we've been doing this for a number of years, we consistently grow share and we try to -- we do that by providing a full suite of services and solutions to help our customers grow and succeed in their business. And you, individually, are familiar with that given your knowledge of the company in terms of whether it be the technology tools or in the marketing that we do on behalf of our customers to drive traffic to them, whether it be retail store builder, remodeler or whatever, a lot of the training that we do for our customers. So we do a lot for our customers to help them grow and succeed, and that enables them, or that enables us to capture more of their business as they reward us with their business. Our competitors have, over time, chosen not to make those types of investments or at least not anywhere to the same degree as we have over the past 19 years now. So therefore, because of our investments that we've made and the value that we've created, the only tactic left in many cases is price. And therefore, as they see the market not really recovering in any significant way and they lose -- constantly losing traction, they resort to price. It's -- and therefore, that puts increasing pressure on us because while we have pricing at a premium usually, that premium can only be so much. So that's what affects us. But it's no -- I referenced it before as acts of desperation and that's what it sometimes is. And we just have to act smart as we respond to that in a case-by-case basis.
David M. Mann: I mean, given the way you're talking about that plus the fact that we may be seeing a continued mix related type of pressure, does that make you stand back from previous comments that you would see gross margin improvement on a longer-term basis?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, there is a point here. And I think that long term, we will continue to see gross margin improvements. But what I will also say -- the smarter competitors realize that reducing pricing doesn't give them anything. So that is really, I'll call it irrational behavior. So the more -- I would expect that the market on the competitive side will revert to more rational behavior and hopefully, they invest in some of the same things we've been investing in for years because that would help the whole industry, but -- and that would be better for the industry. But having said that, I think that overall, I mean, there's going to be some years of pluses and minuses, but I think the overall long-term trend is still going to be positive. And again, I've cautioned in the past that, that's going to be more like 10 to 30 bps a year in contrast to, I'd say, the 700 bps of improvement that we've realized over the past 14 years.
David M. Mann: Okay. A different question on the Green business. From a top line basis, it seems to be accelerating. Giving a nice EBIT contribution. Given what we're seeing out in the housing market in terms of the recovery there, especially on the new home side, how do you see those trends going into '13 in terms of the top line and EBIT contribution improvement?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. I think that the irrigation space took a big hit, huge hit much more than the pool side because they're more closely aligned to new construction. And therefore, as that begins to recover or as that recovers to a more normalized levels, they will get a proportionately greater lift. So I mean, we fortunately had the maintenance repair portions of the Blue business and that was very resilient with chemicals sales, parts sales, et cetera, accessory sales growing every year through 2008, '09, '10 and '11, whatever. But that also is not going to grow at a rate much faster than the growth of the rate of the installed base. So that's the big picture. Now, the more variable pieces like irrigation and new pool construction that will kick in at a higher degree. Irrigation, because it's not necessarily a home-improvement like a pool, new pool would be, irrigation is more -- again, tied to new home construction, single home construction, so I think that will come back faster and that will be better and could very well see another high single-digit type level growth, if not greater next year.
David M. Mann: And is there the opportunity for similar EBIT improvement in '13?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, yes, there's huge leverage. The same flow-through leverage of roughly 20% applies on the Green side as well as the Blue side.
