Ryan J. Merkel: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a nice quarter.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Good morning, Ryan. Thank you.
Ryan J. Merkel: So, first, I want to talk about the very strong organic growth in the fourth quarter on a very tough comp. I think October was running up low-single-digits. So growth picked up in November and December. And I'm wondering; is this mostly weather-driven or were there product groups that stood out as being very strong?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Well, great question. On the product group side, I referenced the building materials, commercial as well as equipment, and those were highlights that not only took place in the first three quarters of the year, but also continued strong through the fourth quarter and helped drive our overall sales growth. And we've continued to gain share especially in those areas. So, I think those are probably what spearheads the growth and enables us to continue to post the numbers that we are continuing to post.
Ryan J. Merkel: Okay. And then, Mark talked about, in the first quarter, flat gross profit year-over-year. So, I'm assuming that you're expecting base business to be flat to slightly down in first quarter.
Ryan J. Merkel: Got it. Okay. Just wanted to calibrate that correctly. And then lastly from me, congratulations on a 10% EBIT this year, EBIT margin. Do you have a new long-term operating margin target in mind that you can share with us? Sorry. Always asking for more, Manny.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: I appreciate that. 10% is a psychological threshold, just like when we hit $100 per share was a threshold. 10% was not a long-term objective; it was a stepping stone along the way. I think that when you look at our business and you look at how we do and how we execute, the continued expansion of base business operating margins is basically innate to us and you will continue to see improvements over time. At some point, we will cross the 11% threshold and at some point, we will cross 12%. How long that will take depends on various factors, but I think what you can bank on is ongoing expansion and that's as much as I can say at this time.
Mark W. Joslin: I actually said modest and gross profit improvement largely offset by expense growth. So...Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: So, therefore, what we're looking at is, from a comp standpoint, base business up 13% on 10%. So that, over the past two years and as you know living in Chicago, last year was an early start to the season. Don't know what the weather is going to be like in the next 45 days, but if we take normalized weather, we factor in that Easter is a couple of weeks later, which is a psychological factor in terms of when people open pools in certain cases. We expect a little bit of a later start. And with that, although we will have normally natural growth, the fact that that start will be a little later, we expect very modest growth in terms of top line and GP.
Mark W. Joslin: Well, every year – there's two parts. One is we did a transaction April last year, metro on the Green side of our business, and therefore that's not embedded into our first quarter. So that's not base business, but that will add some expense to our first quarter base. The second factor is as, we look at our business for the year, we have a handful of new locations that we've opened and then there is some modest cost inflation baked into our numbers. So, overall, I see some operating expense growth, but nothing extraordinary from a percentage standpoint or anything else.
Mark W. Joslin: Yeah. Good question, Matt. If I think about the tax rate on income, it's going to be at the 38.5% and the benefit that we get is not affected by income. It's really affected by the tax benefit on equity that vests and options that exercise. So it's an expense benefit on the tax line and it's going to create bumpiness in the rate. So I gave you the expected benefit for 2017, I would expect a similar benefit for 2018 and 2019.
Mark W. Joslin: And, Matt, let me just clarify one misperception perhaps. The accounting folks can pass all the guidance they want, but they can't increase our cash flow. But they can dictate where it shows up on our cash flow statement. So the $10.7 million really just moves from what's called financing activities in our cash flow, up into operating cash flow.
Mark W. Joslin: Yeah. Good question, Anthony. As you've been perhaps reading from the SEC, they're very concerned about non-GAAP measures and how those are reported by companies. So we will always report GAAP basis in terms of first and prominence, but then we'll show you how that GAAP basis would be adjusted for this accounting change so it's clear what the new and old GAAP results look like.
Mark W. Joslin: Well, certainly, as you've probably noticed from history, we don't buy shares on a consistent basis month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. We do that somewhat opportunistically. But over the long term, we know it's very beneficial way to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases. So, as we look at our cash flow and priorities for use of cash, that remains a significant use of cash for us in our priorities and we will continue to invest in shares on, again, opportunistic basis. So, in terms of how you model that in, that's kind of up to you. But I would expect to use in the range of $100 million to $150 million in cash for share repurchases in 2017.
David J. Manthey: Could you just tell us how many new service centers you opened in 2016 and are those green, blue, or both?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: In 2016, we opened up six locations. And by the way, that's referenced in one of our addendums to the press release. And I believe that included one green location and five blues, and there's another green location that we just opened up in the first quarter of this year. And we will be opening up another estimated five to six, depending on permits and everything else, but five to six again in 2017.
David J. Manthey: Okay. And obviously, the job market and the housing market and the general economy seem fairly healthy right now. And earlier, Manny, you referenced banking regulations and obviously some of the big ticket items you're dealing in, people need capital to get things done. Could you give us an update? I mean, as it stands now, without speculating on what might happen, can you just talk about the general lending environment for consumers that are wishing to renovate or build a new pool?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. Just to frame it, historically – and I say I say, historically, it's prior to the Dodd-Frank and prior to the downturn in the industry in 2007, 2008 and 2009. About 50% of major home improvements were financed using home equity in one form or another. And that market has essentially been shut down until we began to see some limited activity in 2015, we saw a little more in 2016 and we're anticipating that to continue to loosen up. The two factors there, one is logically the continued growth or build-up in single-family homeowner equity and secondly is basically banks looking for a place to put their money where they can get a better return than lending to companies like us. So I think those are the two factors playing into it. The regulatory side, though, on lending to consumers has really, call it, compromised a number of financial institutions and their ability to reach consumers efficiently, particularly when you're talking about a $50,000 loan or a $75,000 loan. And therefore, the cost per loan is very high. So therefore, as the reduced regulations happen, although it's understandably speculative, we expect that that should free up a lot of capital because then the return dynamics for financial institutions will be a lot more favorable than they have been historically.
David J. Manthey: Okay. Thank you. And then, finally, are you currently experiencing any labor issues? Are you hearing anything from your customers regarding labor? And are there any other areas where you're seeing inflation start to surface?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. That's a great question, particularly on the customer side. One of the impediments to significant growth on the part of particularly the builder sector of our customer base is labor and the availability of labor. A lot of the labor that was available 10 years ago has either migrated elsewhere or gone into other industries. So that is a limiting factor to growth. Certainly, the market has tightened. There are markets like, for example, Arizona, which, in November, passed a new minimum wage law, which significantly increased minimum wages there. And as a result, there's a spillover inflation impact certainly to our customers and as well as to us as a result of that. So, yeah, the biggest factor is availability of labor and the second factor is cost. And again, for our customers, particularly the more labor-intensive sectors, that's going to be an impediment to growth. Now, does that play into our expectation? And the answer is yes, but – and we factored that in already into what we look at for 2017, 2018 and 2019. And the cost factor is there as well, impacts both our customers and ourselves. That's largely passed on in the marketplace as it will drive overall market inflation.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: So that 5% to 7%, in fact, reflects that benefit of approximately 1% that we got in 2016.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So it does carry forward. I just want to make sure we understood that, that is sort of – while it's abnormal, it will carry forward, and this is kind of the new normal for the way your taxes are going to look. So, I apologize for that. I just want to make sure we understood that.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: All right. And then just thinking about the three different pieces of the business – U.S. Pool, international Pool and the Green business – as we think about growth. Manny, are you thinking about all three growing in a similar fashion in terms of base business growth going forward? Or is there something unique to one of those three parts that may make it stand out one way or the other?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: I would say in the near term, they would be very similar. But I would think in the medium term, the Green business will grow a little faster from a base business standpoint. And there are two reasons for that. One reason is the fact that the Green business has, as a percentage of the sales, a greater weighting to the discretionary side of the buy on the part of sales, A. And B, we have, generally speaking, a lower share of market in the Green business than we do on the Blue business. So I think in the near term, 2017 is not going to be significantly different, maybe a shade higher on the Green side. But as we go to 2018, 2019 and 2020, just given weighting and given share, that should grow a little faster than the Blue business.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then last thing from me, cash flow, you're already getting $10.7 million more cash, it sounds like, into the business from this accounting change, where the U.S. corporate tax rate should be lower, that would further increase your cash flow. Just talk about what your plans would be for that excess cash?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Well, unless the board changes the direction provided to management, the priorities for us have been now consistent for many years. First is investing internally in our business. Whether that'd be the opening of new locations, the expansion of existing locations, the adding to our fleet, the continuous investments in technology, those types of internal investments are first. Secondly would be acquisitions, entering new markets, or a way to accelerate our share position in markets where we have low share will be second. Third will be dividends. And dividends, by the way, continuing to target approximately 35% of net income. And then fourth in this current state would be share repurchase, as we target maintaining a 1.5 times to 2 times trailing 12 months EBITDA/debt ratio. And by the way, we were at 1.6 times trailing 12 months debt-to-EBITDA through fourth quarter of 2016. So we're at the low end of our target capital structure range from a debt standpoint. So, share repurchases is fourth. If we get to a point where, for some reason, we go above 2 times debt-to-EBITDA, then the bias would be debt repayment.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. And, Manny, what is your outlook for 2017 new pool construction?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: We expect that that will grow close to 10%.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay. Got it.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Right about 10%. It was 65,000 to 70,000 pools, new in-ground pools built in 2016 and we expect that to be up about 10% again in 2017.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And also in December, you hired Peter Arvan as Executive VP. So I was just wondering if you could comment how is the board thinking about long-term management succession planning. If you could share any thoughts, that'd be very helpful.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. Well, Pete is onboard and fully emerged, getting familiar with our people, our vendors, our business in every which way possible. Basically, when I look at the business, when the board looks at the business, to the extent that we can take the opportunity to further create depth in the organization to enable us to grow further faster, that's a very good thing. So that's the essence there. I try to keep up with all that's going on, but I certainly don't want to slow anybody down, and we have a lot of great people in the organization. And now, with Pete on board, I won't be slowing anybody else down.
David M. Mann: Yes, thank you. Manny, I'm not sure any of your people would say that you've been slowing them down. Congratulations on a good year.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you.
David M. Mann: Couple of questions. First on gross margin. The outlook for 2017 and it looks like you didn't do much in inventory pre-buy activity. Just how that might affect the year-over-year comparison.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. Overall, for the year, I would expect very similar gross margins, 2017 versus 2016. So I would say the likelihood range of variation would be probably plus or minus 10 basis points. A lot of that has to do with product mix first; vendor mix, second. In terms of pre-buy activity, really what happened there is that we had a little better than we expected fourth quarter. So with that, that ate a little bit into our inventory year-on-year. So, therefore, had our numbers come in as expected from a sales standpoint, our inventories would have been a shade higher. But nothing material to report in terms of early buy activity or anything along those lines.
David M. Mann: And then, I don't know if you answered earlier about – the question on inflation, if I missed that. What are you thinking about any chance for a pickup in inflation in 2017?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. There's two factors there. One factor is when you look at equipment, certain commodities that are heavily weighted towards energy like, for example, plastic pipe, there are certainly some inflation pressures there. But on the other hand, you look at other product categories, which are oversupplied in the marketplace like chemicals, which is our largest individual product category, and accessories, which is also very significant overall, and there's virtually no inflation there. So I think, overall, I would think at this juncture, it'll be 1% to 2% in terms of overall inflation with perhaps it being 2% to 3% on items like equipment, for example. Overall, although there are some equipment items that may go up more than that and some may grow less than that, but probably overall increment 2% to 3%. Some commodities probably a little higher. Chemicals and accessories flat. So probably on a weighted basis, 1% to 2%, which is consistent with our long-term average.
David M. Mann: And that's fairly consistent with last year, correct?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Last year, I would say, it was probably closer to 1% than to 2%.
David M. Mann: Great. And then, from a housekeeping standpoint, the blue and green base business growth in Q4 in the year, if you have it.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. The blue business was up 6% and the green business was modestly down. This is base business.
David M. Mann: Right.Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: And then, for the year, the blue business was up 7% and the green business was a little less than that, but not much less.
David M. Mann: And the green business in the fourth quarter, what was going on there?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Tough to say. I would just – let me put it this way. We didn't do as well as we should have and there were certainly some execution issues.
Al Kaschalk: Most of my questions have been answered. I want to dig a little bit at the gross margin. Manny, I think you said 10 basis points in 2017, but there's probably a big influence on mix on that, meaning some puts and takes. Is that fair? And if so, could you -Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Yeah. Just to make sure, it's plus or minus 10 bps. And that would be correct. Number one factor there is product mix and number two factor within product mix is vendor mix. So, there are products I'll use generically, low-dollar, harder-to-handle items where the cost to serve is higher. We typically try to recapture that with higher margins. On the other hand, higher value items that are relatively small cube, that proportionate to sales or sales dollars are lower cost to serve and those generally are sold at lower selling margins percents. So, that's the product mix component. And so we sell a number of items that are 40-plus percent margin, which have a cost to serve that in sometimes makes it marginally profitable, if profitably at all, even though you have a high gross margin. Examples being products like sand and salt. And although we're not at 40% on either sand or salts, the cost to serve there is very high as a percentage of the sales price. On the other hand, there are some higher value products that are relatively small cube, which are proportionately lower cost to serve where we may be having margins that are less than half our company overall gross margins. And in those cases, again, a much lower cost to serve. And even though they may be at half of our company overall gross margins are still profitable.
Al Kaschalk: And does the blue or green business matter? Or is there one...Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: No, not significantly so. When you look at blue versus green overall, gross margins are very similar. Within the green business, there's a same mix dynamic as there is in the Blue, as would be in just about every trade distribution sector. And my perception in also industrial distribution sectors as well, but no, no noteworthy differences between the two.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. And then, finally, just around the same discussion, but on inventory particularly, I think it was Mark said earlier about working capital and inventory turns. Given the seasonality and the timing on when you do buys, it may not be a fair question, but let's go for it. Is there more room on the inventory side for benefits to working capital or are you largely played out there? I know you're monitoring it all the time. But just trying to appreciate as the business grows, what investments maybe necessary? And is it more in inventory or is it in other places?Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. So first part is we are a service business. So our first bias is to make sure we provide the right level of service to our customers and fundamental to that is having the right inventory in the right place. So if we're going to err, we're going to err on the side of a little higher inventory to provide better customer service. Now, having said that, could we improve our internal disciplines in terms of inventory replenishment? Could we work better with manufacturers to make sure that we are communicating effectively and have the right parameters set in our system for replenishment? Could we do a better job of managing the system prompts in terms of line items beyond order point and things of that nature? The overriding answer is yes. So while certainly, first and foremost, the bias is on the service to our customer, we can certainly make process and execution improvements to further improve our inventory turns and therefore our gross profit return on inventory. And those are drivers that's top of mind throughout the organization.
