Melanie Hart: Welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2024 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures included in our press release are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. As we introduced last quarter, we have included a brief presentation on our investor website to summarize side key points for our press release and call comments. Unless otherwise stated within our prepared remarks all comparisons refer to second quarter 2024 versus second quarter of 2023 We are now ready to begin with comments from Pete Arvan, our President and CEO.
Melanie Hart: Yes. I think that range within 20 or 30 basis points. As Pete mentioned, there are some many different components that go into gross margin. It's certainly very hard to pinpoint it this early in the year. We know that the full year margins are going to be impacted by those building materials that lower level of building materials, and we've seen that so far to date. And I expect that that would continue throughout the rest of the year. We are -- because of our purchasing higher purchasing from last year we're seeing slightly higher vendor incentives, but a good portion of that is being offset by -- the flip side to that is higher purchases also include higher freight in. So that's impacting it. And then we do still expect to see that chemical pricing coming in lower year-over-year for the rest of the year. And then we are continuing to see as we had mentioned last quarter that our larger customers are really outperforming some of the smaller customers. So I think with all of those factors in play your estimates there winds up in a very reasonable range.
Melanie Hart: So assuming that the mix doesn't change with we certainly we don't know when but we are hopeful and we know that it will change at some point and we'll get those benefits that we're missing out on in the current year related to the building materials. But outside of that what we're really focused on right now are things that we manage and we control. So we're very much focused on our efforts around pricing. We're continuing to focus on our expansion of our private label chemicals as well as some additional actions that we're taking on the supply chain side.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the $1 million was the number for the quarter as it related to those three sales centers that we closed. So that was the expense in the quarter that will be non-recurring throughout the remainder of the year. And then on the supply chain there's multiple different things that we're focused on there. There are areas that we're focused on around product costs that will impact the gross margin. But specifically as it relates to the operating margin the biggest driver there is going to be fleet and delivery expenses. And so we're very much focused on that. As we look to expand in different markets -- we are able to leverage our vehicles and leverage our drivers and leverage our deliveries. So that's one of the things that our competitors don't really -- they don't have the ability for that same model that we have. So particularly as we continue to expand our MPT branded building material offerings we have the ability within a market to utilize one location to do those deliveries. And so the freight expense which is a significant side of our overall expenses is an area that we've been focused on as well as we've also continued to expand our CFL. So that's, for us, our central shipping location, of which we have four within the network. And that allows us to bring in product at a lower cost from our vendors, and then redistribute it within the network. It allows us to better manage our inventory over time as well as to have lower cost and lower delivery, and then more product availability on a quicker basis to our customers.
Melanie Hart: So I would probably ballpark it in this manner. So when you look at the way that we have historically built up the bridge from the 29 to 30, we said that roughly half of that was acquisition benefit. And then the remaining half of that the 50 basis points was really made up of a combination of the benefit from the building materials, the pricing, the CSL expansion and the private label with those kind of roughly distributed evenly within that mix.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. There's nothing unusual in the back half of the year. So as we would typically expect, the third and fourth quarters are a very good cash flow year for us. And we do think that for this year that we should be able to slightly exceed our target of the 100% of net income from a cash flow standpoint. And the biggest benefit certainly the biggest driver is that typically is going to be inventory.
Melanie Hart: So as it relates to the differences between third and fourth quarter, the bigger difference there really is that the fourth quarter has less variable expenses that we will be able to take out from an efficiency standpoint. So the percentage increase is really just the fixed cost primarily on the rent side. That's going to be a bigger driver in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And as we look forward from an expense leverage standpoint, we have looked across the network and taking the opportunity, as we mentioned some of those Horizon closure to really evaluate our cost structure from the ground up. And so, I believe that the decision that we've made this year will allow us to be quicker on our feet in getting that expense leverage as we move forward with top line sales growth.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So certainly, we would expect that looking at kind of what we've seen on the impact from the new build and the remodel activity this year those are kind of collectively bringing down sales expectations kind of four to five. And so if that -- let's say that, flat next year then you would see no impact kind of positive or negative from that activity kind of year-over-year. And then you would see the positive impact coming through from the maintenance activity on the incremental 60,000 or so new tools that you have built this year.
Peter Arvan: Sure. As you know, Susan, there's a lot of components related to gross margin. If you just look at the simple transaction count that we'll have between now and the end of the year, it's going to be several million transactions made up a variety of products. So, of course, you have mix that plays into that. And as Melanie mentioned, and I think I mentioned in my comments, mix as it relates to construction material, which is typically a higher-margin product is not particularly helping us this year with a decline in new pool construction and renovation and remodel. So that would be a headwind. But I don't think it gets any worse than what it is right now. I think that just kind of continues. And then we mentioned that there are things that we've done around our strategic pricing and I think things that we have done related to our private label programs and our supply chain initiatives that help. So as I mentioned, the gross margin rate that we saw for the quarter of 30%, I think is a admirable. We're very pleased with the outcome for the quarter. So between now and the end of the year, I mean we would maintain that it is going to be approximately 30%. Might get stray a little bit up or down depending on mix. It could, but I think it's generally going to be in that range. And I think that's supported by the activities that we've been working on as I mentioned.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So, I'll talk about the three separate applications and they all basically, as I mentioned, are part of the POOL360 ecosystem. So if I start with the water test software that we have, that is tied to our private label program. So the dealers that are on that, they're full line stocking distributors of our private label chem programs. They have kind of best-in-class water testing and prescription developing solutions that they can give the consumer when they come in. There's also a CRM function in there where they can capture the data about the pool and about the consumer, which helps them every time the consumer goes into the store. But as you can imagine, there is a selling season for that, right? So during the season right now when typically the pool retail stores are very, very busy, is not the time that any of them are going to convert. So, this is the season where the people that signed up before are leaning into the software and they are using it. And frankly, they're helping us with feedback on features and functionality, which we're using to develop our software, because as you know, with software you're never done. There will be a constant stream of enhancements that continue to improve the user's experience. So good progress on the water test. We still believe it or not there are still some dealers that are onboarding even this time of the year but we expect that as the season winds down that we'll see a much larger number of dealers that onboard during the off-season. Similarly, if I refer to the POOL360 service, it's really the same cycle. So everybody in the pool industry right now is busy. So the service folks that would have to onboard on the software and load their data into the software, so that they could derive the benefits as I mentioned, which is scheduling, it's routing, it's onetime service, it's pricing. It's everything that they need to essentially run their business. This is again not the time of year when we expect to see a lot of people onboarding. But we are doing some selling this time of year. So we have a road show that's basically going around the country and going into several key markets where we are spending time with the customers. And frankly, the feedback we're getting on that is extremely positive because people see the benefit in the tool and that unlike the original version of POOL360, which didn't have nearly the same benefits for the customer as it did for us that tool is in particular designed to provide most of the benefit for the pool service company, which again expands their capacity allows them to grow, allows them to tap into our digital marketing program, and frankly, become stickier with us. And then of course, you have just our POOL360 platform, which we talked earlier -- we talked about on the last quarter call that we have updated significantly to improve the user experience. That's really kind of a year-round tool that allows people to put their order in put an order and priority pick avoid the lines at our sales center. And again, we're seeing more adoption on that as well. So, overall very pleased. We never expected that this was going to be an overnight success. We thought that it was going to be something that was going to take time to get the customers comfortable with. And then frankly, the more people are on it then their voices are the best form of advertising that we can have. So overall very pleased.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think we are -- that's a good question. And one as you can imagine that we spent a lot of time discussing here and discussing frankly with our dealers. So on one hand I look at the new construction activity. If I look at permits and then I look at our building material sales it appears that we're doing better than the market would indicate in terms of new pool construction meaning that my sales of building material products are not down nearly as much as the permit data would suggest. I think overall permits are down about 17%. I think our building material sales as we reported are much better than that albeit still off double-digit. So the comments we're getting back from dealers which I mentioned is that there's a lot of -- I'm not saying a lot. There are more inbound calls than they've seen earlier in the year and towards the end of last year. So inquiries are good. I think people are waiting for a sign to say, all right the Fed is actually serious about cutting interest rates. The economy is going to expand a bit and the consumers get a little bit healthier. You know, when -- as I mentioned if you look at the online real estate sites and you look at the words that are being searched the word pool comes up near the very right top of the list. So people still want a pool. I think this year was a tough year. Frankly it was worse than what we anticipated in the beginning of the year hence the guidance update that we put out in June. But at this point I think we are -- we're fairly comfortable with the level that we see and dealers are not telling us that it is getting any worse. And I think we're slightly outperforming the industry in our participation in the number of pools that are being built.
Peter Arvan: Yes. As you know, David, the hallmark of Pool is, we're an organic growth company. So if you look at the acquisitions that we've done this year, they're important, but they're relatively small, certainly in the grand scheme of things or in context of the whole company. So the growth that you're seeing is really driven from a share perspective. It's driven organically. It's driven by our new sales centers that opened up in the critical areas and the places that we need better capacity and quite frankly, where we improve the value proposition for our customers. If you look at the concentration that we have of locations in the market, and frankly, the focus on customer experience, you won't find that same concentration or focus on customer experience with anyone. So if I look at -- so you're probably wondering what's might? How do you think and where does it show up? And if I look at our chemical business, our volumes on chemicals are up 3% this year. And that is with a late start to the season, tougher weather in many key markets and the fact that the volumes are up 3% when the installed base is not up 3% is an indication that we continuing to take share because we are the places that people need product, and we are focused on customer experience is second to none. And then when you add the private label capabilities that we have on chemicals, that's certainly a big differentiator. As I mentioned on new pool construction when we look at our building material sales, I mean, nobody would be happier if they build more pools this year than me, maybe Melanie. But certainly, I'd be happy. But if I look at the permit data and what I believe to be the drag in new pool construction and then I look at our building materials, where certainly there's not a big lift in price that it certainly shows that, again, we are getting a bigger slice of the pie. And then again, when I look at equipment sales, which were pleased equipment sales overall, are flat. Heater's is a key area for us where our heaters were one of the first areas that took off during the pandemic, and they also had one of the biggest corrections. That is a product that we're starting to see growth again and which is very encouraging as well as things like pumps and light and coronation and such. So overall, I just think that there has been a tremendous focus on customer experience and making sure that nobody does it better for the customer, and that we continue to provide those value-added services that there is no equal to in the industry.
Peter Arvan: I mean there's a few groups, right? So certainly, even in the focused locations, even in a down market, there is certainly an opportunity to continue to improve operating margins, and it's really a function of execution, right? It's a function of doing things right in the sales center and managing the inventory, managing the customer experience and managing our costs and ultimately, growth. I mean the biggest lever you have for operating margin improvement is growth. And as you can imagine, the -- I would imagine that our focus centers are the ones that are going to be trailing the rest of the business in terms of sales growth. Now, there's a couple of reasons for that. One is, every new sales center that we open by definition goes on the focus list to make sure that it gets the appropriate attention given the investment that we just made. Virtually every acquisition that we make operates well below the fleet average, so those two go on the focus list. So -- and if you look at our overall operating margin, if you look at a continuum, it's not like the mean and the median are the same number. There's a fairly wide distribution in operating margins. So we see even in a down market at the individual sales center level, there's still plenty of things we can do. Having said that, overall the biggest lever that there is sales growth, right? And sales growth in a down market becomes much more difficult, but it is achievable and we have some locations that are up year-over-year. But getting back to the cadence of continuing to expand on a predictable basis the operating margins really comes with when the market turns and the market starts to grow and we get back to that long-term growth algorithm that we talked about which is a 6% to 9%, which won't come really until we see the reversion in new pool construction. Do we think that's coming? Yes. Do I think it's going to happen between now and the end of the year? As we mentioned, we do not.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would tell you that the results that we see in July so far are encouraging. They're strong similar to the last week that we saw in June and that's really a function of we're in season. It's hot. We have -- we think the best value proposition in the industry and that's what's driving the business.
Peter Arvan: I think longer term Steve, the way to think about gross margins is, we do believe that there is upside in gross margin. But it's not going to come overnight. And frankly there isn't a silver bullet that we do this and gross margin goes up. I mean we've talked about the areas that we're focused on that improved gross margin. We've talked about the work that we're doing around strategic pricing. We talked about improving the mix business that we have. We've talked about leaning into our private label products in particular our chemicals. We've talked about improvements in supply chain and leveraging our CSL, which all contribute to in a positive way to the gross margin. That's going to be offset by competitive pressures which are in the market really nothing new there, but there's certainly competitive pressures that we have to deal with every day. But if I were to give you a longer-term view that says can we continue to leverage SG&A? Yes, virtually every facility we have has the ability to leverage SG&A with sales growth. Now as we have mentioned when we look at our cost basis, certainly there's upward pressure on wages and there should be. Certainly every time we renew a lease, it is certainly not a branch -- or it's not on our side. The landlords have the advantage right now because there's a scarcity of facilities in particular in the areas that we want to grow in. So we're having to work hard on the SG&A leverage. And I think over time that there is continued upside on gross margin. I don't think you're going to see it go 30, 31, 32, 33, 34 successfully over the next four years. But do I think that we have enough things in our deck that we are working on to continue to drive that number up? Yes, I do.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think what we said is that there's a few areas that we're seeing pressure on pricing. So commodities are going to fluctuate as you mentioned. There's certainly competitive pressures and we mentioned that on the last call, because we had folks that were essentially trying to generate cash to make their early buy payments. So we saw some pretty ridiculous pricing being delivered to the market, which we knew wasn't sustainable and it wasn't. And so that certainly has abated. And then I guess overall when I look at this competition, I would say larger customers on the construction side as we mentioned even though new builds are down there are people that are getting the lion's share of what's being built is the larger customers and certainly larger customers have a lower margin profile. So that's certainly from a headwind perspective the areas that we currently see. I guess, what's important to point out here is none of this is new, right? None of this is new. If you go back and you look at our reports over the last 10 years, the comments I just made you will find in every one of them. There's nothing new in that.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. It really isn't. I mean, as you can imagine, I'm sure there -- it's way too soon to have any impact from their new ownership. So nothing has really changed in that. And if you -- and frankly, as I said if you go back and look at the market over the last 10 years, remember all heritage did was turn around and buy the existing distribution that was out there. So much of what they have is the same competitors that we had before. So these same patterns from a competition perspective. And frankly, when you don't have the value add that we do, the best way to compete with us is on price. But again, and I have to point this out to our folks too, it's the same pattern that's happened for years and I expect it to continue, but it's nothing that we lose a lot of sleep over. I'm hopeful that with Home Depot helping run the show that they become a little more responsible.
Peter Arvan: No. It's really -- it's the maintenance spend, right? So the more the equipment gets used, the more people that are in the pool then the larger the demand is for those products. And then we are -- we're enjoying a bigger share of that based on the differentiated value proposition that we have. But I'd love to tell you, that I'm seeing green shoots on construction and renovation. But as I mentioned this really is a renovation season so we don't really know. And on construction I still think, there's a lot of people that want a pool, as the dealers are saying hey, the phones are ringing, people wanting quotes, they want to know but I just think they're waiting for a little better economic environment to pull the trigger.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think it's a piece of the margin improvement that we have seen and the margin profile is really different by product. So there are certain products to that, a much better margin profile. Others are going to be certainly better, but not as much. We really don't parse that out. And the one thing I would remind you is that, our view on the chemical packaging operation is we need our chemical partners. We will never be sole sourced in that plant on our chemicals, because of surety of supply and redundancy. So even if I could supply the entire business out of that facility and have incremental basis points of gross margin by doing that I wouldn't do it, because I wouldn't put all of the eggs of the company in one basket. So our chemical business is going to be a blend of our partner suppliers and the Suncoast facility. Certainly the things that we run through the Suncoast facility are margin accretive to the business. They vary by product. It would be at the high-end is going to be your liquids and some of the balancers. And then when you get into trichlor there's certainly an advantage but nowhere near the differentiation that we see on the other products.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on October 24th, when we release our third quarter 2024 results. Thank you for your support. And enjoy the rest of your summer.
