Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. As reported, we had a solid 2017, with 7.5% base business growth, including 13.3% base business sales growth in the fourth quarter. Base business benefited from modestly favorable weather for the year. Although, this level of growth is primarily a reflection of the resiliency and positive characteristics inherent to our business together with our team's ability to provide exceptional value.  For perspective, our five-year base business average sales growth is 6.4%, despite the modest recovery of new pool construction. Our 2017 base business sales growth in our four largest markets, California, Florida, Texas and Arizona, was 8% and in the rest of the market, it was 7%. Also, our base business sales results include our green business, which had a 5% base business sales increase despite the exit of a product line which adversely impacted sales.  On the product side of sales, building materials and related outdoor living products continue the strong performance, with 13% growth in 2017, despite the disruptions of the storms. Commercial had 10% sales growth in 2017, excluding the Lincoln acquisition that we closed in the second quarter.  POOL equipment growth was also 10% in 2017. The growth in these product categories reflects both the ongoing recovery and the remodel and replacement sectors of our business as well as consistent market share gains. The retail product side of our business was up 3% in 2017, despite the challenging comps from the longer 2016 pool season.  Our sales to the online market increased by a like amount, as that channel has matured in the pool industry. Our Bright base business gross margins were up 10 bps, which is very good given the adverse product mix impact from the faster growth of equipment commercial sales. For perspective, our base business gross profits have increased at a 6% average growth rate over the past five years despite the product mix headwind. Base business expenses increased by 5.5% in 2017, decreasing by 40 bps as a percentage of sales. The five-year base business expense growth rate is 3.2% or approximately half of the rate of our sales in gross profit average growth rates. Altogether, our base business operating income increased by 11.8%, with our base business operating margin expanding by 40 bps to 10.4%. This growth compares to a five year base business operating income average growth rate of 13.3%. Our base business contribution margin was 15.8% in 2017, consistent with our expectations.  Our diluted earnings per share, excluding tax and accounting changes, increased by 15% in 2017, with our five-year EPS growth CAGR being 16.6%. In addition, our after-tax ROIC was 24.7% in 2017, excluding the impact of tax changes.  When all is said and done, truly a solid year. These results are a tribute to our people who genuinely care about our business and exceptional value they provide to our customers and suppliers. Every year, we have challenges, and 2017 certainly had its challenges, but our people persevered with many individuals, special qualities coming through with their contributions to their fellow employees and their communities as well as to our business.  For 2018, we expect another year of solid operating profit growth, plus the benefits of tax reform to realize $225 million to $235 million in operating cash flow or $5.36 to $5.61 in diluted earnings per share. This expectation includes $0.13 in EPS and the additional share count associated with ASU 2016-09.  Of course, our results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers and each other. We're extremely fortunate to be involved in a business, where every day we help people to realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 120,000 customers realize success.  Now I'll turn the call over Mark for his financial commentary. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: David, we'll get back to you on the selling days. But with respect to the fourth quarter, specific, there was certainly some catch up in Florida from the lost activity in September. To a lesser degree, there was catch up in Houston Metro from the storm in August. Although, a lot of that catch up happened in case of Houston in the month of September.  So there's certainly -- that certainly played into the number a bit, but universally, that was not the case. Because other markets that were not affected by the storm were also very strong throughout the fourth quarter. Some of that was due to just the natural demand that exists in the limited capacity of on the part of our contractor base. So for example, in seasonal markets, to the extent that they could. They continued working a little longer. And that certainly contributed to the overall results. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Taking chemicals aside, the overall increase would be more like the 1% or so that we've seen the last -- almost 7 or 8 years of weighted. In the case of chemicals, you're very perceptive there, apparently very good sources. But yeah, there is a constraint in stabilizer or asset out of China. They are the primary manufacturer of that product on a worldwide basis, and some of those plants have been shut down. So there is reduced capacity. And as a result of that, we expect at some point for that tighter supply of stabilizer to translate into overall chemical that goes into a number of other products, end products to work itself through the system. Whether that happens in the middle of this year or later this year, or next year, that is still to be defined. But yeah, there is a possibility of a little bit more inflation in chemicals that we haven't had in over 10 years to come through later on this year. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: The annualized impact will be about a shade less than 1%. Call it 1%, with no bottom line contribution. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Again, most of our customers, a lion share of our customers don't have -- don't stock inventory. The only exception to that would be the retail side of our business. And we have made an effort in the last few years to get as many of those retail stores properly stocked and ready for the season earlier, when we have more available capacity from trucking and labor standpoint. So we're continuing those efforts this year.  Now when you look at the overall top-line, how much did that play at the overall number for the quarter? At this juncture, it's little bit early to say. Because again, the customer may push out a delivery from March 25 to April 5. And that just easily swing from end of the first quarter to beginning of the second. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The irrigation sector is more weighted to new home construction. And that continues to be strong in terms of growth year-on-year. Not strong in the absolute sense, since the numbers is still very depressed vis-à-vis historical levels. But I would think that the green business will grow faster than the overall business in 2018. And as it did in 2017, if you ex out the exit of the product line that we did in Arizona. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, I mean for example, Arizona. I mean Arizona wasn't affected by any storms in the fourth quarter. And they are right at -- they are 13 unchanged for the quarter. And that's a combination of both blue and green, would both running at about the same level year-on-year. You go to California. California was also 13 unchanged for the quarter. So when you look at this -- and again these were not affected by storms and the recovery of the storm. That just gives you two of the other larger markets. When you look at the rest of the markets overall, they were up 15% quarter-on-quarter. So... 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yeah. I think you hit the nail on the head. The constraint to the level of growth is labor. The demand is there, right. Particularly with our customers as given the marketing and everything that's what we provide them to help keep them busy. So the drive is there and the demand is there. Now in the second and third quarters, the natural demands, right, basically limits the ability for those guys to do more. So in the slower times of the year, the fall, winter, that they continue working to the extent that they physically can and address it there. There's a couple of other place here in the equation.  We have done a lot building materials is a key element to broaden the offering and obviously -- and continue to gain share in that regard. And that has enabled us to not only sell more products and grow our business that way, but from a customer standpoint, they're able to sell more Pool. And raise the average ticket. And again, it's all feeding that base. But I think the core is in the second and third quarters, we can only -- our customers can only do so much. And when they have some more available time, in the fourth and first, that they are you using that to the extent they can weather-wise. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes. And let me -- the essence in my response earlier to Ryan, of 6 to 7, is that I presume average weather, right? And 2016 had very good weather. 2017 was a bit above average, not as good as '16, but still good. And this is, again, I’ll touch more mainly the seasonal markets. So assuming average whether in the seasonal markets, the season won't be quite as long. So even though the demand may be there, right in the fall of next year. They may – you may have a significant storms in the north and things shut down 2-3 weeks earlier than we did this year. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: We also had two acquisitions closed earlier in the quarter that incorporate into the receivables number. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: New pool construction. We estimate domestically there were about 75,000 pools built in 2017. The numbers haven’t been finalized yet. All the sources coming together, but there will be about 75,000. My expectation is it will be about 10% growth year-on-year. Demand is more than that. I don't know that builder capacity can do much more than that in terms of annual growth at this juncture. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: International business continues to hum along. In Europe, our sales for the year were just 11% in euros year-on-year. Canada also grew year-on-year, so we're continuing to build our international business. And the top thing there is that when you look at our overall international business, it's 8% unchanged of our total business. And even if they outperform the domestic business by a couple of percent. It stuck to get from 8% to 9% of our total business. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Okay, two parts. One is as Mark noted, we did 5 transactions in the course of the year. 2 were, I'll call it from our conjecture on the medium-size they were about $20 million in sales. One that was closed in the spring and the other one that closed in December. And then the 3 other ones were smaller that would be in the order of less than $10 million in sales. And so collectively, they'll add close to 1% annualized to our sales in 2018.  Now these businesses are by and large basically breakeven businesses as is the case with good many distributors. So therefore, it takes a little while for the tools and resources that we have to be utilized effectively in the marketplace to grow sales and to operate internally the business more efficiently. So the ramp up and profitability there really takes place over time, as supposed to right out of the box. So that -- that's the element there, and that bottom line impact is -- will be less than $0.01 in terms of EPS this year. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Right. There's -- in terms of freight, there's three elements. One is the actual fleet costs, call it the depreciation of our fleet; second is the ongoing expenses related to that fleet, whether it would be gas, oil changes, tire replacements, things of that nature, and then the third is third-party freight. Now for us, the third-party freight is an important part, and that's the one that's most volatile from a year-to-year standpoint change. But the overall impact is mitigated by the other two, especially as we work progressively to better utilize the trucks that we have and do a better job in their ongoing maintenance and repair.  So the bottom line is that there is an impact, but it's again muted by virtual the fact that we have a fairly significant fleet and our own elements of better ways to manage that. As a percentage of sales, I don't think it's going to be significantly different in 2018. And part of that is because of better utilization of our fleet. That's mitigating the impact -- largely mitigating the impact from the third-party freight services.  In the case of labor, that is a -- as we all know, it's a very tight market. We are basically in the U.S. We could certainly use another five million people with varying skill sets. They would be employee immediately. And so that's a situation that… 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Not all by us, but certainly we could certainly use a few. So that's the dynamic there. And there's pressure there. Marks referenced, we strive in long-term I think that 50% is a reasonable number. I think that, in the near term, and then maybe a little stretch, so I would think that will be probably more like 60% our sales numbers as opposed to 50% of our sales number in '18. And that's all reflected in our guidance. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Great. Great points Ken. First of all my assumptions are regarding '18. '17 as you noted was above average and '16 was well above average from our viewpoint. So the question here, and your point is, it should average to be the new norm for having milder winters in the seasonal markets. And the answer is, I'd rather run the business and instead of predict the weather. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: You're right. And to the extent the weather in the first quarter and fourth quarter are milder than normal. There could certainly be a little upside to our expectations for the year. And that's why we provide a range. And that will be no closer to the higher end of the range as opposed to the lower end of the range. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Okay. I'll tell you the fundamental point. Is that that 7 percent? And then the rest of the markets outside of the largest four markets are weighted by the seasonal markets. And in 2016, the seasonal markets as we talked earlier. The weather was really good and it was a much longer season. So the 7% is on top of a tougher comp in the four larger markets outside of an event like the hurricanes that happened in Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico this year. Outside of those weather events, which typically we recover from fairly quickly. On an annual basis they are not significantly affected by weather and year-on-year basis. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: William thank you very much. And thank you all for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for April 19 when we will be discussing our first quarter 2018 results. 
Mark Joslin: That is mostly right, yes. That's all we've included in our forecast. And rather than trying to forecast it on a quarter-to-quarter basis, as it occurs, we'll just call it out. But yeah, there should be additional benefit, most likely on a quarterly basis going forward. 
Mark Joslin: And then, we'll have additional exploration of options in 2019. So as we get closer to when those occur, we will specifically call those out and include that in our guidance. 
Mark Joslin: By the way, just to answer a previous question from Dave Manthey was number selling days. We do have 1 additional selling day in the fourth quarter of this year compared to 2017. So factor that into your model. 
Mark Joslin: On the incentive comp, it was relatively flat year-over-year, so no to that. On the receivables, that really reflects a little bit stronger December sales. So we have more of December sales both at year-end and the quarter overall, so nothing to read into that. The collections were good. The past dues were very consistent year-over-year, so no issues on collections there. 
Mark Joslin: Well, as I said, we start out with that stretch goal of expense growth at half the rate of gross profit growth. And Manny gave us the sales growth numbers and assuming flat gross profits. And you can say that's our stretch goal for 2018, is in that half of the 6% to 7% base business revenue growth. 
