Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. My prepared remarks this quarter will be more limited than the previous 77 quarterly investor calls as Pete Arvan will provide color on sales and operations, while Mark provides color on expenses and the balance sheet. In terms of the 2018 season, after a slow start in March and April activity reverted to expected levels in May and June, albeit constrained by the customer capacity and reduced workdays due to higher rainfalls on selected markets. As a benchmark, we had our first billion-dollar sales quarter which is noteworthy for our industry. We're expecting ongoing growth in the second half as demand remains strong and the main constraint to growth is customer capacity. As mentioned in previous calls, we were expecting greater and earlier than normal manufacturer price increases in 2018 given materials and operating cost pressures. Those increases have now started to be communicated and are starting to be passed on through the channel. While the impact will be felt primarily in 2019 given the late 2018 season timing, there will be some impact on sales and some noise on gross margins in the last four months of 2018. For 2018 the bottom line impact should be fairly mute but it should add to our sales in 2019 and beyond. As I look at our business, we are stronger and better across the Board. Our ongoing investments in people, facilities, product lines, fleet, technology, marketing and customer service continues to separate us in the marketplace. These investments occasionally result in lumpy expense growth but that's historically been followed by higher operating leverage in subsequent years. To that end, we have largely kept our EPS guidance intact for 2018 by incorporating the $0.04 pickup in the second quarter due to ASU 2016-09 into our range. Beyond 2018, our model for sustained organic growth is intact with 6% to 9% sales growth leading to double digit operating profit growth and solid mid-teens plus EPS growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Pete for his business commentary.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: So given our cost pressures primarily on raw materials, steel being one prime example given the profile that steel has with tariffs and everything else. But just the raw material cost increases that many factors is incurring. As well as what I have mentioned for the last at least two if not three calls on some of the impact on chemicals, there are price increases taking place and some of them have already been announced. As they are being announced and there is set data - that they are effective, we typically buy into those increases how much we buy will - it depends on how much the increases are at the individual SKU level. And then following that we typically raise prices in the marketplace 30 to 60 days later. The noise happens on how our competitors follow or not follow our lead in terms of passing on those price increases. The great majority have the business sense to realize that there's a higher cost and therefore they - just like we do when they pass it on in some cases they don't realize that the facility cost money and it cost money - if they borrow money. So they don’t have that business sense and therefore they don't pass those increases on. And we have to selectively respond to that. So the noise there is as those timeframe come to place which is really going to start in the September and then move on through the fourth quarter. The noise is that we could have - some inventory gains on the margin side from the fact that we bought in on certain SKUs and that’s how the accounting rates capture it although we price them on replacement cost. And then in some cases depending on how some of our competitors react in certain markets, they may hold prices and therefore in certain markets we may not - we may be have a price compression or margin compression dynamic. Overall I don't see any significant impact but again that's largely premised on the fact that our competitors have the same business sense we have in terms of realizing that there are higher cost of doing business and those costs are not only products but also facilities and the cost of capital. The last point there Ryan is that for 2019 the expectation is that inflation will be more than the norm and you've been following the company for a number of years. And when we talk about our long-term trajectory we’re normally talking about a 1% to 2% average inflation rate. As you know very well for the past six, seven, eight years that’s been closer to 1% if that. And this is kind of like one of those - 2019 will be one of those blip years where we’ll have a little higher than normal inflation which will transfer itself to logically sales growth and all that so.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: By 2019 those that haven’t passed around will be out of business. So the logic is that that would happen in the normal course and it’s typically that transition period is usually - we may go up in 30 to 60 days from the effective date. Some may do it 90 days or 120 days but at some point in time as they start replenishing their inventories to higher costs, they’re already very marginal as it is. So they will just go on to order very quickly.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, I would say Ryan it’s consistent what Pete mentioned that we were at nine in May and June and the backlogs are still very strong and we’re tracking at a similar rate in July.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, first of all no impact in the second quarter on price increases in terms of the many factor price increases that started to be announced. They started to announce them in the second quarter but they were effective mainly starting in the third. To-date all starting in the third given what we been communicated to-date. No, the expectation was typically in most years on a long-term basis where we look at inflation being 1% to 2% and its one as I mentioned a few minutes ago run closer to 1% and this year it will run closer two for the year and that will be backend weighted. So the front part of the year was pretty much the normal, a very low to no inflation, but the back half as you weight those for the year it will be closer to two for 2018 full year and it will be greater than two certainly in terms of 2019.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, we decided to change in March and what we essentially did this is more granular then probably you guys are interested in. But what we did was we changed about 3,000 employees bonus programs that were tied to monthly sales and profitability change those to be focused more on the five biggest months of the year which are April through August. And same metrics just from 12 months of the year to five months of the year which is when obviously where the busiest people are working longer hours and that's when call it, it’s all stressed.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: So normally the second quarter would have represented 25% of the bonuses for that those 3,000 employees in prior years. This year represents 60% of the annual bonus.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well they range from zero to about 10% at SKU level and this is on the equipment side. On the chemical side it’s around 4% to 5%.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Garik there is the - first of all the annual weighted impact from the fourth quarter and the price increases will obviously by virtual of the fact it will be the fourth quarter which is a soft quarter for us on a percentage of sales for the year. And the fact that it only affects a certain set of vendors, the impact kind of diluted, but I think that the year we’re still at 6 to 7. We feel very I call it this way I feel better about where we are on the 6 to 7 range than I did three months ago given what we seen in May and June and month to-date July.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, it's across the board pool owners obviously have their pools they maintain their pools and that’s always been the case. On top of that they’re renovating Pete mentioned building materials growth up 12%. I mean they’re still spending money and we still continue to grow share and so both of those things fundamental to us is continuing to happen. The constraint, frankly is customer capacity and in some cases like Florida Pete mentioned about the fact they have a lot of rain in May and June, were it not for that. I feel that we probably would have grown faster than 9% in those two months certainly. So there is a customer constraint as the fundamental limitation and the capacity there to how much they can do in a certain given day.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No the constraint is primarily weighted on the more labor-intensive portions of the business. So for example since you open the door with the new pool comment it could very well be given the late start of the year. And given just labor constraint in general that new pool construction may be flattish this year it isn’t because of demands it's because of the window available to actually do the jobs. And when you look at a new pool typically our products our materials that we provide to that builder of that pool typically represents 20% to 25% of the total cost of the pool. Whereas when you look at other aspects that are proportionately a lot less labor intensive like for example the replacement of equipment. In those particular cases there's really no impediment there.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, this is unique and what happens here Ken is that typically price increases are pretty muted in the overall scheme of things. But every so often there are triggering events and I think the last time something like this happened was I think in either 2009 or 2010 where there was a higher than normal level of inflation that kicked in. So this is what - that’s why when we talk about this in the long range expectations we look at one to two and really what happens is there is five years of one and maybe one of four, or five right.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: And that’s what we could be looking at depending on what happens with the rest of the vendors announcing their changes if any in the back half of the year.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well there is - okay, there is two parts weather. One is on the seasonal markets when pools are opened that's what part one. Part two is in the year round markets and in the seasonal markets precipitation is the next factor in terms of certain bodies of work. For example, renovating a pool or building a new pool. You need to be reasonably dry to be able to do that and that affects also irrigation. So on the irrigation side of our business, yes if it's too wet it typically - it delays that body - that aspect of work. Now for us, we still have a very strong I mean we as Pete mentioned we were up 7% in the quarter organically on the irrigation side of our business. As well as we are like 8.5% on a year-to-date basis on that side of the business. So we’re clipping along well across the board in the four biggest markets again as Pete mentioned four biggest markets despite some other weather challenges we were still up 7% in the quarter. So that speaks volumes about how we’re transacting business. It also speaks well about the fact that demand is there and soon as our customers can work they work.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It depends on the manufacturers, it depends on the order of magnitude, it depends on a lot of variables. So it will be difficult for me to speculate.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well no two are not public because Zodiac is now part of Fluidra and are now public. But going back to the answer to the question, steel certainly affects their costs. But there is a lot of other factors for example plastic and the cost of oil that plays into some of their costs. Some of the actual raw materials used in for example our salt chlorinator or salt cell, that’s gone up a lot specifically. So therefore there are some materials independent of the higher profile call it steel was effective by tariffs essentially that may go up or down. But there's a lot of underlying other elements as well that has put cost pressure on them which has prompted them to do what they are doing and labor is certainly a factor.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure, certainly there is going to be some, but it’s still relatively small so it’s growing at a 21% rate. So in the future it would have a larger impact, but the percentage of our total rate now would suggest that the overall impact in the short-term is going to be small.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, if you look at and have a perspective here, new pool construction is still down about 60% compared to what it was 12 years ago. And if you look at other like discretionary expenditures, they have in fact recovered faster than new pool construction has. And there is, I think two key reasons for that. One reason is the availability of financing. Since a new pool - view is a home improvement. And home improvement lending is still very depressed. And the second factor is labor capacity when you are manufacturing something in a plant and you’re protected from the environment, you can work pretty much every day. And that's not the case when you're building a pool so or basically we do in your outside space. So that's been a constrained in terms of the ability for that to ramp up together with the other like discretionary expenditures.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Anita, and thank you all for joining us today. Our next call will be on Thursday, October 18, when we’ll discuss our third quarter 2018 results. Thank you and have a great day.
Mark Joslin: And I would say not to be too specific but growth rate that we experienced in the second quarter really the first half of the year which was similar in second quarter that will come down I would say by a couple basis points or couple 100 basis points in the third quarter. And then couple of 100 more in the fourth quarter. So I’ll just give you, kind of general expectation of where we’re headed there. And that has a lot to do with some of the timing differences on incentives and some other costs.
Mark Joslin: Remember last year we had a very good fourth quarter and so that's part of the incentive comp change story.
Mark Joslin: Right and other expenses specifically was interest and other non-operating income so that's really interest. So looking at higher debt levels and the higher interest rates and of course it depends a bit on share repurchases, timing on execution of that that just roughly looking at $2 million higher expense for this whole second half.
Mark Joslin: Well yes Ken certainly 2019 will be up so it’s a question of both the debt level and interest rates. And we are maintaining leverage so you have to kind of model out what that leverage is going to be let’s call it middle of our range 1.75 leverage. How much debt would that translate into and so it's got to be more than 1 million I’m sure in the first half of the year when you factor in both the rate and the debt level.
Mark Joslin: Well debt is both working capital related and it’s again we use debt to fund share repurchases. So the timing on that depends on when the share repurchases take place number one.
