Melanie M. Hart: Thank you and welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2024 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K.   In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures included in our press release are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. In order to assist our investors and analysts and following along with our earnings call comments, we have posted a brief presentation on our investor website. It will summarize key points from our press release and call comments.  We are now ready to begin the call with comments from Pete Arvan, our President and CEO. 
Melanie M. Hart: Sure. The EPS benefit was $0.24 in the quarter and you are correct. So our review of the tariff classification issue has been open and ongoing since December of 2022, when we originally recognized and recorded the potential liability. As we mentioned back on our call, we accrued the additional expense based on uncertainty regarding the classification of certain products that we imported and related to their tariffs that would be assessed. We have completed a review and a determination with -- working with U.S. customs. So we did learn that favorable determination earlier this month, which was after we gave our previous guidance for margins for the quarter. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So the 2 things specifically related to the guidance that we gave on our year-end call, kind of excluding the impact from the import taxes that were different from our original expectations were; one, the mix on the building materials. So our guide contemplated that new construction would be down in kind of that flat to down 10% range. So it was a little bit worse than that for first quarter. We are seeing some positive trends in permits in a couple of our key states. As Pete mentioned, it typically takes around 60 days from permitting for that to turn into meaningful sales for us. So we are still expecting, as part of the full year that we would see those declines on the new construction side moderate. And so with that, once we get to that kind of down 10%, we'll get some improvements in our mix, our product mix. And then the other item that we mentioned was related to kind of some preseason pricing. So there were several of the markets more heavily impacted by weather, where we did see -- some customers are looking for some more competitive pricing in order to start off their projects for the season. We see that as not recurring as we move into the core of the season, primarily because some of those projects won't continue once the maintenance portion of the business picks up in the full swing. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So second quarter, we are expecting it to be less than last year because we'll have a little bit of a tail of that lower cost inventory just kind of early in second quarter. So we would expect it to be less than last year. But I would say that it would be pretty close to our kind of full year guide of around 30%. So we'll see. I think the biggest change is kind of from first to second quarter, which we receive in a typical year. A lot of that is going to be the mix of products. So as we start mixing up into the chemicals and the maintenance components that are more heavy in the second quarter as well as we get some benefits overall from a geographic mix and the higher sales that peak within the [indiscernible] market. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So our original guidance on that is that the performance-based compensation would be recorded basically pro rata over the year based on our actual operating results. So that's really the only one. We did record a slightly less performance-based compensation than we would have if we had better results in the first quarter. So that's really the only one that changed. As far as the costs related to the new sales centers and the opening sales centers, with the 3 that we've opened so far to date and the 5 that we're intending to get open before the season, cumulatively, we will have about 8 open preseason, with a target of 10 for the year. So we are seeing a significant amount of those costs in first and early second quarter. And then as it relates to the tech initiative, we have started to ramp that. So we're pretty much right on target with what we've spent so far in the year. That will go -- we'll have some spend in the first quarter and then we'll ramp up slightly through the rest of the year as we continue to onboard some of those resources that we need for those projects. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes, that is what we're saying. So our original guide was for flat to kind of low single-digit sales growth. Embedded in that low single-digit sales growth did include some of that weather recovery. And so at this point, we'll really kind of look to see really how quickly the season ramps and then more importantly, does the late start to the season cause it to either extend over into -- late into the third and fourth quarter. And so if we see any of that recovery, it would be later in the year at this point. 
Melanie M. Hart: And I'm just going to add to that. So the 1.5 to 2x is really our conservative philosophy, but we have up to 3.25x under our debt arrangements. So we consider that we have substantial capacity. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So gross margin for the second quarter, if we continue to see lesser mix of building materials, that would be, I would say, an added component on top of the normalization in inventory that you would see as the decrease on year-over-year comparative margins. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So the guide for the year, just kind of slightly positive, would not include the weather recovery as we had mentioned. And then for the first quarter, we did see the positive impacts in the quarter for the normalized weather in California. You'll note in Pete's comments that California outperformed kind of the rest of our big 4 markets. But where we saw weather for this year in first quarter was primarily in Florida, which for the quarter, the proportion of those Florida sales is the highest of the big 4 states. So it had a larger impact as it relates to that. 
Peter Arvan: Ryan, one of the things you have to consider too is when you have a softer first quarter -- and we mentioned that we think building permits were off, so construction was off more than we believe it will be for the total year. So you have just competitive forces in the market that you have early buy payments that are going to be due from the supplier -- due from the suppliers on all the distributors. And oftentimes, what we see and again, nothing new, this happens every time we happen to be in a cycle like this. There's more competitive pressures as people are trying to move our product to liquidate inventory so that they can generate enough cash to make those early buy payments. Now again, according to just normal industry or normal seasonality as we move into the second quarter, everybody is busier. The products are flying off the shelf as people are trying to open up pools. So that -- what I would call a seasonal blip in competitive pressure tends to wane pretty quickly. 
Peter Arvan: So what I would say is with -- supply chains are essentially -- any COVID effects at this point are essentially out of the supply chain. There's some lingering inventory but really not much. So any idea that, "hey, I would have to go out and purchase product ahead of time to make sure I had product," is really in the rearview mirror. So what happens is that people are -- were -- I think we did pretty good on early buys, really. And I would tell you that I think the early buy wins, as I mentioned in my comments, really were a function of share gain/it wasn't people going out saying, "hey, I need to procure product because I won't be able to get it." So I think we did well on share gain. And what I mean by normal seasonality is, everybody has product. So the retailers are like, "well, as long as I know that you have it, then I don't need to stock the back rooms full of product to make sure that I have it for that first sunny hot weekend. I can order it a couple of days in advance and have the product shipped." So I think that's what we mean when return to normal seasonality. We have product, the industry suppliers are in reasonably good shape. So I don't know that people are having to pull ahead. So with their -- we expect the demand to increase as the product flows through the market and pools are opened in the seasonal markets and in the year-round markets, the swimming season officially kicks off. April -- from a revenue perspective, April is okay. I mean where we have had -- where we had good weather, which is pretty much -- I don't know if we've had a ton of weather headwinds in April, I would say demand in April is close to what we would have expected. So I think at this point, we feel pretty good about it. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. One of the things that I mentioned is our pricing optimization work. So the teams are working very hard around pricing optimization. And when you calculate gross margin, you basically -- you calculate gross margin based on the -- obviously, on the cost of goods. But as the cost of goods fluctuates, as you're selling down inventory and it changes, it can create a false signal. So we've been looking at gross margins, selling margins from average cost. And the work that the team has done has given us a couple of months of positive signs that we're getting better from a gross margin -- getting better in gross margin from pricing realization as a result of the team's work. So January, is really when they kind of got started in earnest. So not much result in January but we were encouraged by the results that we saw in February and they were even better in the month of March. So that gives us confidence. And I'd also tell you that the supply chain has done a very good job of working with our supplier partners and making sure that we are stocked and that the programs are in place and I think that, that certainly has an impact on the overall gross margin of the business. I would also tell you that, as I mentioned, our private label programs are front and center on everybody's mind and you see the push that we have on chemicals as that's tied to the POOL360 ecosystem, which really has been -- has allowed us to really make progress on the private label chems. So very encouraged by the results there, which obviously come at -- come with a margin premium. And then maybe the most underappreciated one is just execution which POOLCORP has an amazing reputation of being focused on execution and not getting distracted because you can make progress in other areas and then basically let it slip through your fingers through sloppy execution. And I can tell you that in the tight macroeconomic environment, the team is exceptionally focused on execution to make sure that we hold on to every dollar that we have and we don't want any of it slip through the cracks. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. We look at permits, which is an indicator, right? It's not the end of deal but it is an indicator of what's going on in the market because there's always a timing lag with permits. If you talk to any builder, what -- they'll tell you is that what used to take a week or a couple of days to get a permit now can take a couple of months. But you figure that over time, that normalizes and then still the change in permits is the change in permits. So I can't tell you that I think cycle times in the last year have gotten worse. I've just noted it takes longer to get a permit. So depending on when a family decides they want a pool, the time to which that permit would be realized and posted will be delayed over what it has been in the past. So when we look at permits by geographic area, Arizona has seen permits turn positive in the month of March, which is encouraging. And the same is true for Nevada. And the same is true for Florida, hasn't happened yet in California. It hasn't happened yet in Texas, although I think Texas is slightly better. So we're encouraged by the signs. And then obviously, we talk to a lot of builders and although there's no permit on remodel, we talk to the builders about, what are you seeing from a backlog on renovations. And as mentioned many times before, renovations are kind of semi-discretionary. Eventually, you have to do it. So you can put it off for a year or 2 or 3 perhaps but eventually, you have to do it. So I think the headwinds that we've seen on renovations for the last couple of years anyway, have -- are starting to catch up. So now the builders are reporting that their phones are ringing for renovation. So the first sign of life that they're seeing in many markets is, although people aren't running through the door saying, take my money, build me a pool, the number of people calling and saying that, "hey, I want to do a renovation," is increased. Now what I will tell you is, is that if you -- we look at -- if you look at Internet searches and you look at traffic on people looking for pool remodel, one of the phenomenon that we see is that it appears that people -- and the builders would tell you this, too, that consumers are shopping those remodels a lot more. So a few years ago, it would have been, hey, at the peak, if you will, it was, if you can -- if you answered the phone, you got the order. Now consumers have more choices. So the cycle on remodel is -- the good news is that the interest in remodel is better than new pool construction. But it also -- what we are seeing is that consumers are shopping those projects more, talking to multiple builders to find out; a, who they're comfortable with; and b, who's going to give them the best value. So the end of your question was, what happens if the macroeconomic environment gets worse. I don't know that the environment is going to get meaningfully worse but if it does, typically where we would see the offset would be in new pool construction. But the level of new pool construction today, especially coming off the big decline last year and the 15% to 20% decline in permits that we've seen in the first quarter, would indicate that we are nearing the bottom, plus we have some markets that have inflected and are starting to increase. Now hard for me to speculate what the Fed is going to do. I don't know that the Fed is going to raise rates because I believe that the embedded inflation is not a function of demand. It's a function of SG&A. So I don't know that the Fed reads the higher, more stubborn inflation as an indicator that they should raise rates. I see them more as paused at this point for the one rate cut perhaps that they've indicated later on in the year. 
Peter Arvan: Sure. We saw the -- obviously, we saw the announcement last month on or, I guess, maybe earlier this month, on The Home Depot intending to acquire SRS. I don't know that much really changes. They have -- they've made a point, both SRS and Home Depot have made a point to say that they're going to run the business separate. And when I think about the impact on our business, I think there's going to be a change. So there's going to be some folks perhaps that are in that business that are affected by the sale that may cause them to consider what they're doing. But as far as the impact on us, if I'm pragmatic about it and I step back, I say, well, there's no new competition. It's not like that this brings a lot more distributors into the market because there at this point, we don't see the channel to market changing. We'll see a long-term player owning it versus private equity, which tends to be shorter-term focused, which I think is a positive thing. So overall, we're basically going to take Home Depot and SRS at their comments at face value and say, I don't think really much is going to change. So time will tell, the deal has to be reviewed, the deal has to close. But when we saw the announcement, I guess it didn't cause us to say, wow, we need to do this or we need to do that because I don't think it really changes the competitive landscape much at all. And as I said, the comment on labor, 1 of our 4 operating principles has always been to be the employer of choice. So we focus very hard on making sure that we're the best place to work and that people that join us, stay with us and want to grow their career with us. And we don't see that changing. And we think we're pretty good at it. We do a great job of retaining talent in the field. We are focused on the swimming pool industry. That's what we do. We're not going anywhere. And I think people that want a career in this industry look at POOLCORP exceptionally favorable in that fashion. The second part of your question that I mentioned consolidation amongst the builders. Again, nothing new. In a cycle like this, you would expect the kind of the late to the party folks that decided, "hey, I'll get into building," because there's so much demand that when the demand wanes, that -- things become very, very tough for them. And we're -- I think we're seeing that play out. So the bigger, stronger players, when the markets get tough, tend to outperform newer and perhaps weaker players. So as the demand for new pool construction and remodel has come off of its highs, people have decided that they're maybe are going to go focus just on service or just on cleaning or exit the business altogether.  So whatever demand they would have had, by definition, is going to end up with one of the remaining players in the market. So I don't think it really changes the industry output because I think that there's still plenty of capacity in the industry to address the need. So I don't -- I can't look at it and say, well, that means less pools get put in the ground. It means some of the larger customers are going to see a benefit from perhaps a little bit less competition. 
Peter Arvan: What I would tell you is it really -- it kind of goes by market. So you've seen that we have -- we've leaned very heavily into the aftermarket and the maintenance business. And I think our POOL360 ecosystem is kind of leading the way there for us and the software that makes the service providers more efficient. And I think our expanded footprint makes us more convenient. So we always look at from a long-term growth perspective, share gain as part of our model. And we never really give it back. Now when I say that, the thing you have to remember is that in any given market, I'm certain, I mean, we're practical in that, I'm certain in any given market. We may lose a customer here and there. But by and large, share gain has been part of our long-term growth model. And it will remain as part of our long-term growth model. So if we look at it, it's about 1%. In some markets could be more. In some markets, it could be a little bit less. But we find that when people move over to us, that generally they stay with us. And we've kind of triangulated on that with the supplier information and how the suppliers are doing and we know for those same products, how we're doing and it is apparent -- very apparent to us, that the share gains that we got all through the pandemic, for the most part, we've maintained and we continue to gain share through today. So in any given market, might we give back a customer here and there, we might but we try like hell to get that customer back. But by and large, we think it's part of our long-term growth algorithm and it's in the 1% range. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean I would tell you, we're always very mindful of the balance sheet and making sure that we are responsible allocators of capital. We look at -- when we look at acquisitions, we look for a strategic fit and we also look for a cultural fit. And then we also look for an economic equation that makes sense. So the good news about POOLCORP is we have a tremendously strong balance sheet. And we also have a very strong leadership team, both of which are required, not only to execute an acquisition but to execute and integrate an acquisition and realize the savings. But with that very talented management team and a very strong balance sheet, it also gives us the ability to look at deals and say, if they make sense financially, then we would do them. But if not, we also have the ability and, frankly, a superior value proposition in almost all cases to say if we need additional capacity that we can do it from a greenfield perspective. So we are -- have always been very disciplined allocators of capital. We'll pay a fair price when we buy businesses. We bought a lot of businesses over the years. We continue to do acquisitions. But I wouldn't look for us to say, "well, we're going to go out and do acquisitions at any cost," because, frankly, we don't have to and that would probably be dilutive to the company if we went on and made lousy deals. So we look at deals if we can -- if it's a good strategic fit for us, if we believe that there is a good cultural fit, then we certainly have more than enough dry powder to go out and execute really any deal that would potentially exist in our industry. 
Peter Arvan: You know, it's interesting, Steve. It's actually a very good question because we've seen the price of a pool escalate to all-time highs. And then at a certain point, that matriculates through to the size of market because at a certain point, just because of the monthly payment for those pools that are financed and the elevated rates, it can close out some customers. And what we've seen is that some of our builders have just, steady as they go, because they've got a good book of business and they build the high-end pools and they're very happy to continue to do that. We have other builders that are trying to figure out how they can lower their ASP by -- to make sure that they can perhaps bring more people into the market. So I think overall, I wouldn't look for any major change but some dealers have told us that whereas a backyard project was, "hey, I'd like to do extensive decking around the pool. I want a pool with all these bells and whistles on it and I want an outdoor kitchen," and their eyes may be bigger than their checkbook. And then the dealers sit down with them and say, okay but let's -- we can do this but let's make -- let's break it up into chunks. So let's decide on the size of the pool and what features have to be buried in the cement, so to speak and we'll put those in. And although you might like a 1,500 square foot deck around your pool, if it doesn't fit in the budget today, we can build a pool with a very small deck. It would be like the pools that were built 20 years ago with just coping and grabs and then we can come back later and add the decking. And we can come back later and add an outdoor kitchen. So if you're a more price-sensitive builder, then those folks are working to make sure that they do whatever they can to bring that price down. Now having said that, you understand that the average is made up of pools that are $1 million and entry-level pools. So every pool tends to be more expensive but I think our dealers are trying to be more creative when it comes to bringing as many people into the market as they can. The good news is, is that when it comes to some of the features like that -- we have been talking about like automation and robotic cleaners and such, robotic cleaners are still outselling the pressure and suction, which is much older technology, even though they're more expensive, they're outselling them handily. And when people are buying pools and upgrading, they're not really opting for, I'll go back to a time clock. They're still going with automation but it may be a more entry level of automation. So it's a good question. I think what you see is, our dealers working within the environment to try and be as inclusive as they can with as many customers. 
Peter Arvan: Andrew, what I would tell you is that when we open up new branches, as we mentioned during Investor Day, we always do a 5-year pro forma. And we have to be very comfortable with the reason and the rationale for us opening the branch and the quality of the pro forma. Certainly, if you look at the branches and their ramp, in a market that is more challenged from a new construction basis, they would be impacted and perhaps the slower growth but many of the branches that we open are really not for new construction, there could be much more maintenance tied to maintenance and those tend to perform well. So overall, when I look at the performance of the class, really, nothing is alarming. I'm actually pretty happy with the results on the greenfields, especially given the number of greenfields that we've done. But what that really is, it's a -- that's a testament to the experience of the management team. So with -- these folks, when we get them -- or when we open new branches, they're not new folks, they're not trying to figure things out. They're very disciplined. We have a quality management team. We generally see the new location with talent that's ready to be promoted from the existing network. So our ability to leverage the performance of those new branches is still pretty good. So I'm, overall, I'm happy. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be July 25, mark your calendars for July 25, when we release our second quarter 2024 results. Have a wonderful day. Thank you. 
