Luke L. Junk: So just first question, could you maybe talk about the overall acquisition landscape here, including your appetite for Green acquisitions going forward? And related to that is if you have any details on the March acquisition of a swimming pool supply center?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In terms of acquisitions, we are always open and that is especially the case in markets where we have no presence. So as a matter of course, for the past several years, the Green side of the business has been -- proportionally have had greater focus because there's about half the markets in the Green business domestically we're not in. The second consideration would be markets where we have a very small share and we would look to augment that by buying another local distributor in that market. Those are the 2 primary drivers overall, very open. Obviously, from a balance sheet standpoint, we have plenty of capacity. Our banks are constantly asking us to borrow more money. Debt-to-EBITDA we're at 1.3, which is extremely conservative. Our cash flow generation, we bought $150 million worth of shares in the past 2 years. And frankly, if the right acquisitions are available and out there, we certainly have the wherewithal to do them but they have to make sense. In markets where we already have a very good share, generally speaking, and an established organization and team, the -- generally speaking, we get a better return on capital by just leveraging and building upon what we have. But when you look at the investments we've made as a company, over the course of time in providing -- in tools to provide value, resources that provide value for both our customers and our suppliers, we execute the right way, as we generally do. We gain share organically and that's been the greatest source of profits and profit growth for us, historically.
Luke L. Junk: Okay, that's helpful. And then second question for me, just -- and maybe it's better to look at this through the lens of your year-end markets that did well this quarter. But just -- do you have any color on maintenance and minor repair trends versus some of the more discretionary, major renovation and new pool construction?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Maintenance and repair is driven by the installed base. The installed base has grown by about 1% per year for the last several years. So in terms of unit growth, that would drive the industry unit growth, that 1% plus perhaps 1% to 2% inflation. So you've got a -- that sector, from an industry standpoint, is growing at a 2% to 3% rate. We typically grow somewhat faster than that given our market share gains, as I talked about earlier, and that should continue over time. I anticipate that, if the -- with the industry at a 2% to 3% growth rate, as it has been for the last several years, in terms of both units and adding a little bit of inflation, if you factor that in, that 2% or 3% for us becomes probably 4% or 6%. And that's, as you probably know -- or I know you know, is a majority of our sales coming from that segment. So when you look at our business, it's reasonable that we'll grow that sector by about a 4% to 6% rate.
Luke L. Junk: And then that relative to some of the more discretionary spending, Manny, just maybe the...Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The more discretionary spend will grow at a faster rate than that. And based on very low numbers, whether it be the installed base of pools, the aging of the installed base of pools coupled with a gradual revert to normal from a consumer behavior standpoint as well as the gradual recovery of new construction, when you look at those 2 components, those 2 components should grow at a more like a 10% rate for us. So when you weigh that, call it 10%, on top of the 4% to 6% for the maintenance and repair-type products, that's how we get to the 5% to 7% rate overall for the year.
Luke L. Junk: Okay, helpful. And just 2 quick modeling hits, if I could. One, on the Blue sales, on a base business, would that be up 2%, roughly in line with the overall?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: It actually rounds to 1%.
Luke L. Junk: 1%? Okay, perfect. And then second, just view on pricing in 2013. Are you still seeing that as a 1% to 2% tailwind?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Pricing for '13, I would say, 1% to 2% and probably closer to 1% than 2%.
David S. MacGregor: Manny, can you just talk about your private label business? And what's happening with respect to top line growth and any possible margin improvement?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Our private label and exclusive products represented approximately 25% of our GP dollars domestically in 2012. And that's an area that we continue to focus on. What it serves to do is it helps not only provide us with greater margins but, more importantly, it provides our customers with greater margins. And that's the key, key consideration for us because, by virtue of the fact that we can control how those products are marketed in terms of which customers, what channels, things of that nature, what it serves to do is it insulates our customers from what I'll refer to as irrational competitors. And we can be very deliberate in that process. And again, that helps our customer's margins and, as a consequence to a degree, also helps our margins. And that's obviously important for us. We'll continue to grow that part of our business, we'll continue to invest resources to build that segment of our product mix and offering. So it's something that is very important for us strategically.
David S. MacGregor: How should we think about the growth rate in that business going forward?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I think it's reasonable to assume that, as a percentage of our total mix, it'll increase by 1% in a typical year and, in a one-off year, it could grow by 2%. And the sensitivity there is, from a -- as a distributor, we're hypersensitive to our service levels to our customers. And we have to have good evidence and high level of comfort that not only are our private label or exclusive products providing our customers real value in terms of the opportunity to generate new sales and/or higher margins but we also have to make sure that, from a quality standpoint, supply chain dynamic standpoint, everything works just right. So we typically take 3 to 4 years before we go from trials to having a national rollout.
David S. MacGregor: Is the thought process to just continue adding private label presence to additional categories within your assortment? Or what's the -- what's kind of the strategy there over the next 2 to 3 years?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The -- as it has been, it would be to add. And then potentially, not necessarily in the next 2 or 3 years but over time, as those products prove themselves to be better for our customers and for us, we may also at that juncture, at some point in time, decrease the offering of generally available products.
David M. Mann: Manny, when you look back over seasons that are similar to the way this one is starting with the weather, at what point do you start losing business in some of these non-year-round markets because of the weather? And perhaps, what's your read on pent-up demand in some of those markets?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In the seasonal markets, last year, we got the benefit of another month's worth of maintenance activity. The fact that those pools were open that additional month or so, not only did it move forward some activity but it also added a month's worth of maintenance. So that's lost. And this year, it's a more normal expectation from a seasonal standpoint. So at this juncture, everything looks like it's a normal season, although the weather was certainly cooler in the first quarter in the seasonal markets. Typically, again, pools don't open that early in those seasonal markets, so therefore, they are beginning to open now and we are seeing the increase in terms of daily sales rate, as we have and started seeing in the latter part of March and certainly through April to date.
David M. Mann: Has there been a material change in the trend in April?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: From a daily sales rate standpoint versus March? Sure, that -- but not materially different than it would be in a normal season. So if you go back to 2010 or 2011, it's similar to those trends.
David M. Mann: Okay. And then in these -- in some of these markets where things may be starting later, does that add a potential for more competitive pressure from some of those smaller competitors you have out there?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The fact that customers aren't as busy gives them the opportunity to shop around more. And once the season starts and things get busy, then what's most important is who has it and can provide it, the complete needs of that customer, best. And that's where we really shine. When a customer calls and says, "I need 28 items at 2:00 in the afternoon delivered to 123 Main Street", and we have the 28 items and we deliver it, that goes a long ways. If we only have 26 of the 28 items and they have to make a second call to 123 Main Street a day or 2 later to finish the job, that's very inefficient for our customers. And in fact, it -- a 5%, 10% difference in the price of the materials is blown away by the labor inefficiency that results. So again, when season starts, what's most important is the ability to serve and that's where we shine.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: First, the comment, Manny, that you had about the 9.8% base business sales improvement in the year-round markets. What's the comparison versus the first quarter a year ago for that specific item?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That's a great question. I don't have that in front of me but I would venture to say that it's probably in the high single digits. The markets that had the biggest benefit in the first quarter of last year, with growth rates in the -- well into the teens, in fact, in some cases over 20%, were in the seasonal markets.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay, that's helpful. And as far as the gross margin, obviously, first quarter we already know, kind of can you give us a sense as what your expectation is for the gross margin for the balance of the year and also for the next 2 to 3 years?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In terms of this year, what I see playing out is that the year-on-year margins, the delta will decline in the second quarter and probably in the back half of the year be very similar if not a little better than last year. So what basically you'll have is a -- when it's all said and done, our margins -- gross margins for the year will be very similar to last year, which is why, when I talk about our guidance for 2013, I'm looking at 5% to 7% growth in both sales and gross profits. In terms of '14, '15, '16, I would anticipate that margins will be very similar to '13 overall. There are some pluses and minuses playing out here. Certainly, our continued evolution with private label and exclusive products will help margins, as well as our improved sales, sourcing, purchasing and service execution. On the other hand, the headwinds that we have there is mix, particularly in the construction side. Some of the higher-value products carry with them a lower gross margin percent. That's one of the things that, when you step back and you look at it and you look at profitability by customer and profitability by product segment, you have to be cognizant of the fact that, when you're moving a box that, let's say, is sold for $1,000, that transaction is going to naturally come with a lower percentage margin versus the transaction when you're moving a box that goes for $50, will have a higher margin percentage. But obviously from a transaction cost standpoint, they are more similar than not. So therefore, you would expect that lower-transaction-dollar items will have higher margins and higher-transaction-dollar items will have lower margins. And that's -- again, as there's ongoing recovery of new construction, whether it be on the Green or Blue side of the business, as well as more remodeling and equipment replacement activity entering the mix, that's the headwind that we have overall. From a competitive market standpoint, very, very competitive and I -- my perception is that a good many of our customers aren't making very much, if any, money in today's environment, so don't have any sense that they'll be going any lower than they are from a margin standpoint because that would just accelerate their demise.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: Okay, that's helpful. And as far as new locations, you opened 5 in the first quarter. First, are these mostly in existing markets? And second, what's your outlook for new locations for the balance of the year?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: In terms of the openings, yes, they're all in existing markets. These are what we refer to as satellite centers, markets that we were serving remotely from an existing location with regular delivery and now we've added physical presence to enhance our service level to the customers in that immediate area. In terms of -- I think there's a couple left for this pool season or for this season overall and then we'll be opening several more at the tail end of the season, which will have a little loss, but that's -- we do that every year. We'll have several at the back end of the year that will open either in the fourth quarter or first quarter. That'll be for that 2014 season.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski: And just curious, as you open these satellite locations, is there any risk for a cannibalization effect for the other sale centers?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. We factor that in. When we look at these openings, we look at it from an incremental standpoint, in terms of what incremental sales are we going to realize that we otherwise would not be able to realize, incremental GP and play that against what the incremental costs are. And we look for the same 30% pre-tax return by year 4 as our hurdle rate.
Anjali R. Voria: This is Anjali, in for Brent this morning. My first question is on the new construction side. I know it hasn't been a material impact on your sales but do you have any -- could you provide some insight from your builder categories on where we are and where you think it's going?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure, let me give you context. By our estimates, in 1999, the industry built approximately 170,000 in-ground pools in the United States. That increased, as it had, over the course of the past -- previous 40 years to approximately a peak of 215,000 units in 2005. Between 2005 and 2009, for the first time ever in the industry, unit volumes declined in a significant way to a trough of 45,000 units in 2009. We estimate that, last year, 2012, industry volumes for in-ground pools increased to something close to 60,000, probably 58,000 to 60,000, and that, this year, there'll be approximately 63,000 to 65,000.
Anjali R. Voria: That's excellent clarity. My next question is on the 5% to 7% guidance. Could you re-address some of the underlying components in there? And given the strength in the underlying business, the nonseasonal business in the quarter, is there any reason to have more confidence, as you move through the year, on the top line?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, that's a great question. And the essence of the subtlety there is that we've already got the first quarter behind us, so that 5% to 7% includes our first quarter results. So therefore, when I go to the components, just to refresh everyone, maintenance and repair, from our standpoint, we will be up 4% to 6%, based on the industry being up 2% to 3%. And then on the remodel/replace as well as new construction, our expectations is that our sales growth will be more approximating 10% in those segments, with the industry being up about 7%. That's -- those are our expectations at this juncture. And that factors in the fact that we had 2% base business sales growth in the first quarter.
Anjali R. Voria: And lastly, could you remind us what the gross margin differential between the northern and southern markets is? It's something like 40, 50 basis points?Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No, no, no. The -- just the impact of mix, the fact that the 4 biggest states, for example, represented 60% of our first quarter sales in the Blue business in the first quarter versus last year's 55%. That 60% to 55% difference, that -- just that difference was 20 bps.
