Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. I'll start my commentary on the P&L, beginning with margins. As I stated on our second quarter call, we believe that our margin gains in the first half of the year was largely reversed in the second half of the year and leave us with relatively flat gross margin overall for the full-year. Q3 results were right in line with that guidance and we believe Q4 will be as well, meaning you should expect a more significant year-over-year margin decline in Q4 to get us level with 2018 gross margin for the year. This is primarily a result of the impact from the pull forward of inventory purchases from 2019 into the second half of 2018. Our total operating expense growth of 8% in the quarter was impacted by acquisitions and the addition of new locations, as well as the additional business day in the quarter, compared to Q3 last year. Our base business expense growth was 5% in the quarter and 4% year-to-date, including the impact of new locations, which added about 1% to our expense growth in both the quarter and year-to-date, as well as an additional billing day, which also added about 1% expense growth in the quarter. On the other hand, currency translation gains resulting from our non-U.S. operations offset year-to-date expense growth by about 1% with little impact on the quarter. Given our expected Q4 gross margin decline, compared to the large gains recorded in Q4 last year and the impact from seasonal market acquisitions, which will have operating losses in the off season, we expect a decline in operating income in Q4 right in-line with our expectations as discussed on our last call. As a reminder, our Q4 2018 operating income grew 50% over Q4 2017, so a very difficult comp this year. We remain on track to finish the year with our targeted base business operating margin improvement range of 20 basis points to 40 basis points for the full-year. Following the weather challenged first half of the year, we think this would be an excellent outcome for the year and reinforces the potential of our capacity creation initiatives. Our tax rate was 24.3%, excluding the ASU benefit and also in line with our expectations and keeps us on track to finish the year with an effective tax rate of just over 25%, excluding the ASU tax benefit. For the quarter, we recorded a $4.5 million ASU benefit, which reduced our Q1 2020 remaining benefit by $3 million, leaving approximately $3 million of benefit left to be recognized by Q1 of next year. Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow. No surprises here, as the total receivables grew to 7% in the quarter modestly below our sales growth, while inventory levels grew 1%. As most of you are aware, we've been carrying higher inventory levels than normal since our pre-price increase purchases last year, but are now down to appropriate levels to support our normal business needs just as we begin to gear up for seasonal early buy purchases from our vendors. As we mentioned at our Investor Day event, we expect a more normalized level of inflation in the range of 1% to 2% for the 2020 season, and therefore we'll have more normalized levels of early buy commitments. As these purchases will be done on deferred payment terms there will be no cash flow impact from early buy shipments that we receive before year-end. The result of the anticipated Q3 inventory reduction was an increase in our operating cash flow, which at $243 million for the year is, up $192 million over the same period last year. Excess cash has been used to pay down debt, which was $548 million at the end of the quarter, down from $581 million at this time last year. Our leverage as measured on a trailing 12-month, debt-to-EBITDA basis was 1.69 at the end of Q3. So comfortably within our 1.5 to 2.0 target range. Finally, I want to let you know that we sold a non-strategic Golf Cart business in September and it come with one of the Horizon acquisitions we made a number of years ago. This business generated $12 million in revenue over the last four quarters, including $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, which would be factored into your projections. This business was only marginally profitable, so expect no impact from the sale on operating income. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Mark Joslin: Yes, good question, Ryan. I think the way we look at it, it's probably $8 million to $12 million bucks that would – it's a combination of catch-up and good weather that we saw in the quarter, compared to the off of first half really.
Mark Joslin: Dave, I think last year it was about 18% of total revenue and I think this year it looks to be in a similar range. The good news is, is that backlogs with the builders are still very strong and they are working hard to catch-up. But as you know, having followed us for so long, the biggest factor that we face is how long that we able to work, specifically in the seasonal markets. There is a lot of work in the seasonal markets that they're trying to get done. So as we always say on this call, if it's – if you're walking around, New York, with a sweater on for Christmas shopping, it will be a really good fourth quarter, if we got boots and gloves, it will be a little bit shorter.
Mark Joslin: Yes, one other point there is that Horizon business has generally less seasonality in the fourth quarter. And so you go back right after the downturn where that business was a smaller percent, I can't remember, it's probably 7% of our business something like that. And now it's 9% plus, so that is maybe a little bit of a structural change, if you're thinking about that.
Mark Joslin: Yes, it's a good question, Steve, I don't know that I can give you a specific answer there. But just kind of reiterate the point I made earlier, we're opportunistic in our repurchase, we've got a election coming up next year, which who knows what impact that could have on the market. We've been in a long full run here. So we'd certainly want to make sure we have cash available, if there is a market correction that takes place, and we'll be ready to participate in repurchases. So, we'll just see how things play out over the next several quarters and we will get our share repurchases and although opportunistically.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And just to clarify one thing they’re on the timing of that variable speed legislation, it's time to go and place in the mid-year 2021. So we just really don't see any impact on 2020, it's really a 2021 event. And really late 2021 most likely and into 2022 so I mean, there has been a slow shift over time from single speed to variable speed, but it's nothing like what will happen in mid-2021. And then as you think through that, it's a function of what the manufacturers decide to do with when they cut over from single speed to variable speed.
Mark Joslin: Well, the top four markets are a little better than 50%, now that's not all of the year-round markets, so that maybe 60% is year-round and 40% is seasonal, when you look at our prices.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, that backlog is a very – we hear about it, customers tell us about it, but there is really no way to kind of, track and know what that is, so they're busy and weather allows them to be as busy as they can be. But in terms of tracking that on a more formal basis and how much is resi versus commercial, all of our contractor customers are busy. So that's the best that we can tell you, they're are optimistic as well about what they see it coming in the year ahead as are we and other than that, not much, we can say.
Peter Arvan: Well, our capital allocation is really the same Ryan no changes there. So we invest everything that we need to in the business and that includes capital at 1% to 1.5% of revenue. We have a dividend program, which grows with earnings over time, so that will continue. And then we're really close to the middle of our range on debt. In terms of where we want to be, and then we use excess cash for our share repurchases, which we do opportunistically. And opportunistically means that can be a little chunky over times, so we don't do that on a same quarter-to-quarter basis. So we'll have our opportunities over time and when we do we'll make sure we execute on that. So no changes overall in terms of how we allocate our capital.
Peter Arvan: Yes, just you said at the end there and I assume you're referring to the 60% gross profit growth and our expense growth. And it may end up a little bit short there. So we use that as a guide and really the result of that, that we're shooting for is that 20 basis points to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement. And we do expect to be in that range, now it won't necessarily be at the high end of that range, but we should be in the range. So in terms of next year, I don't see and well and part of the reason, that's a little bit lower perhaps is because of the first half of the year, our sales growth this year was a little bit less than we expected going into the year, although we've made up for some of that in the third quarter, but really for the year, down a little bit from our expectation, because of the start to the year. So next year, we always assume normal weather going into the year and doing that should give us the opportunity to get that operating expense leverage that we're looking for and keep us in our targeted operating margin range of 20 basis points, 40 basis points improvement.
Peter Arvan: Yes, that's a good question, Dave and I think if you go back and look at it, it's a little bit variable in terms of some years we do great and some year we do good in the fourth quarter. A lot of this has to do with weather, so because it's a smaller quarter, whether it makes a pretty big difference, particularly in the seasonal markets. So when weather is favorable, the demand is there, and it allows our customers to catch-up on that demand or to fulfill more of that demand, which gives us the opportunity to grow better both in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So it's very weather-dependent. And obviously it's early, but I know what the quarter is going to look like when it's all said and done from a weather standpoint. So we don't get too enthusiastic about the growth, and even so it's still a marginal quarter when you look at the full-year in terms of the seasonality even in a good weather year so.
Peter Arvan: Yes, not at all. We kind of look at it is really no change in terms of our expectations when we go back to our second quarter and call then, and what we're looking at for the rest of the year, things are playing out as expected. So I guess it's what you said rounding and that kind of thing. So there's nothing structurally changing.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question, I guess the way I think about it is new builds prior to the downturn, were a much bigger portion of our business. Today it's call it in the 15% to 18% range of what we do in a year. And then the overlay on top of that the underlying capacity constrained in that there is more demand for the pools that will be built just based on labor capacity. So overall, even if you're correct with the housing shift and I'm not sure that I agree when you look at it geographically, specifically in the markets where new construction is very strong, Florida and Texas, which are very, very good pool markets. I don't really think it's a big factor for us. Just simply it goes back to the underlying demand being more than what the labor is. The biggest factor we had this year to contend with as you all know is weather but as I have said before, I view it as the system is pretty pressurized in that there is more demand than there is capacity to build them.
Peter Arvan: Yes, just to kind of reiterate what I said earlier, we're looking for gross margins to be flat overall this year with last year. And if you model that in, that gives you that more significant margin decline in the fourth quarter, compared to the third quarter and basically giving us the gains that we saw last year in the fourth quarter.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So the way I think about M&A, as we said during Investor Day that's certainly part of our growth strategy. If I look at it at on the green business and you look at our math. So from a coverage perspective, we have very good coverage Pacific Northwest through California, we have good density in Texas, but one of the areas that is of interest to us, where we have the weakest presence would be in the Southeast. So that's an area that specifically on the green side, it doesn't really make sense that we could achieve our goals by doing simply greenfields on the green business, so that would be – that would certainly be a priority for us. On the commercial side, there we've done some great acquisitions in the past that had given us a nice platform that we've been able to leverage across the entire platform. When I think about what's in our M&A deck for commercial, we are interested, there is nothing that I'm – that we're looking at now saying, well, this is a must have, there are really no large, very large players that we would do, so it would be more regionally and opportunistic, that we would participate in the commercial area. And then on the international side, what I would say is in Europe the market is primarily – France being the largest, Spain and Germany. We have a very good presence in France. I think we have opportunity to grow in all of those three countries, but specifically if I look at Spain, and I look at Germany and I look at the density, I would tell you that same opportunity exists for us that we should be looking in those areas as well, but they are relatively small as a percentage of our total when you look at our overall pool. But certainly to grow Europe acquisitions are going to be part of it, but we're not looking to significantly shift the mix of business by making very large acquisitions in Europe, if that makes.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So when we look at unit volumes, I would tell you, let's go back to your original question about inflation. So inflation, let's say it's in the 2% range. So the base business unit volume is good, demand is good. So we are encouraged by what we're seeing, it's not like our growth is being driven by overall inflation unit volume is up. And then we talked about the variable speed pump legislation that's coming, which will take effect in 2021 that will be a – that'll be a nice opportunity for us. Because the price difference between a single speed pump and variable speed pump is about 2x. We also made mention of, if you look at pools that are being done today versus pools that were done five or even 10 years ago, there is a lot more bling and automation is becoming a more standard part of the pool package. So we're seeing a lot more of those were in the past, there wasn't a lot of automation, so we're seeing things like automation. We're seeing UV lights, so I think the – those things will help drive the overall base business growth as they are trying to make pools more user-friendly for the homeowner.
Peter Arvan: I think that's the only major one that will help, I think there is a – take California, for instance, the California is – has an electrification trend. So we – things like heat on the West Coast, which traditionally have been gas heaters, I think you're going to see more opportunity and we'll see more opportunity for heat pumps and electric, which is just again will be a slow trend, but nothing seismic. I mean, the one that is legislated is the variable speed that's the only one I know that will has a hard start to it.
Peter Arvan: No, we're not forecasting that as I said, we have $3 million in unexpired benefits that would have to be recognized between the fourth quarter and first quarter. We don't know when or how much of that $3 million, so we're including any of that in our forecast.
Peter Arvan: Yes, still hard to tell, I don't know that I can give you a really good number. I think overall, so last year was about 80,000 units. Again, I think it will probably be flat, maybe down slightly, really depending on what happens with weather in the fourth quarter in the seasonal market. And again, it's a function of everybody got behind, demand is there, backlogs are good, but it really – and in order for me to tell you exactly what it would be, I'd have to tell you – will be able to forecast the weather for the fourth quarter. So normal fourth quarter, I would tell you that they are working very hard to catch-up, which probably makes the number flattish. Next year, we would expect to see some just mild growth, I guess, it's maybe in the 5,000 pool range, so maybe 80,000 to 85,000 pools next year.
Peter Arvan: The weather was very good in the third quarter in the seasonal markets, everybody had great weather conditions to work in.
Peter Arvan: No. As I said, what's encouraging is demand is good and builder backlogs are good, because everybody got behind in the beginning of the year. So I think there, they have a lot of work to get done and they're working very hard to get to it.
Peter Arvan: I guess, I would say that I think we're probably about 2x, last year I think we were up about 11% for the year, this year after a very strong quarter, we're up 9%, but I would tell you, I think we're about 2x and I think we are – our teams are getting very good at it and we're gaining traction on it every month.
Peter Arvan: That is a good estimate and you have a good recall. Yes, 25.5% is right in line with my expectations, Ken.
Peter Arvan: No, I would say, if you look at equipment pricing certainly doesn't account for the difference. I think on a year-to-date basis with chemical, remember the amount of chemicals that you use in your pool is a function of how often you are using your pool and how much sun that you have is burning chlorine. So given the slow start that we had to the year and the fact that pools open late and didn't get a lot of use, because it was unseasonably cool in many of our traditionally strong markets, I think that's what kind of tamped down the chemical. If you look at equipment on the other side, that's a function of a strong remodel and renovation market. And if you look at the third quarter specifically, it's – there is a bit of catch-up in there too.
Peter Arvan: Okay, very good, very good question. When I think about the mix shift that will have to happen, so it's not all pumps. So the thing you have to remember is that the smaller pools specifically above ground in some very small in-ground pools, the single speed pumps are still going to be in place. So they're not going to go away entirely. So the variable speed is really for the larger pools and it is going to be a nationwide program. I think the cut over is going to start to have – manufacturers are going to have to start to decide when they're going to flip the plants. And my suspicion is that there'll be inventory sold into 2021 and then we'll be selling through that inventory, so you won't see a full-year impact really until 2022 and that's a function of how much inventory gets put in the channel. If I look at the price difference between variable speed, single speed, it's about two to one. So overall as far as our equipment, I think pumps are our second largest item in the equipment category. Yes, so...
Peter Arvan: No, it will never be a 100%. I mean, consider that in our business about 70% of our transactions happen at the counter. So there is a portion of our business and segments of our business that are very tied to POOL360, because they're ordering in advance for construction projects or our large retailers. But for the maintenance folks a lot of those – a lot of our customers are coming into the branch, because they have to come to pick up chemicals and such that they use on a daily basis and many of them just walk up to the counter and order. Do I think it can double from 10% to 20% of revenue? Yes. Do I ever think it will be above 50% of our revenues likely not. Your second part of your question about the Backyard app, we are very encouraged by the adoption rate so far. The number of downloads that we've had and our sales folks, we introduced it at our international sales conference a couple of weeks ago. So they are just getting familiar with it to take it out and roll it out to customers. So it's kind of too soon to tell what the impact is. I can’t tell you that I – we've seen a sales spike because of it. But remember it's – part of it is a passive tool as well, which allows the homeowner to envision and specify and design the pool and then get with the pool builders. So the cycle on that process is not immediate, that's a – I've designed the pool this is exactly what I want, this is a look I want. Then I have to go start interviewing builders. So I wouldn't look for a big spike because of it. We just think that that's something that we'll continue to fuel market growth and then the pull-through demand we should see.
Peter Arvan: Yes, we have better visibility on commercial, because some of those are built-to-suit projects, it's a portion of our business, but on residential, consider that we are expected to have that product in stock. So if they're going to build a pool, they don't order a couple of weeks in advance or a month in advance. They just expect us to have it in stock, they need to come by and pick it up or so it needs to be delivered on the next day basis.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for attending the call this morning. The next time we speak will be February 13, 2020, where we will cover our full-year 2019 results and discuss expectations for 2020. Thanks again, and everybody have a great day.
