Peter Arvan: Thanks, Ryan, that’s a good question. And here’s the way we think about it. We have to look at kind of the underlying factors that are driving demand, things like the southern migration. So if you look at the number of people that are moving to Florida, Texas, Arizona and the rest of the Southern year-round market states, it is significant. We don’t see that changing. I don’t think that the work-from-home shift that happened in the workforce is going to change either. So when I look at the fact that people are enjoying the outdoor living lifestyle from years ago when Saturday night it was – a lot of people gathered around the TV inside. Now everybody wants the outdoor, whether it’s a patio, whether it’s an outdoor kitchen or whether it’s a swimming pool event. I don’t think those macro drivers are going to change. Now when I look at the growth that we have seen over the last couple of years, I think that new pool construction certainly is elevated, and it grew a lot in 2020, and it grew a lot in 2021. And we’re seeing sustained demand into 2022. What I think we’re bumping up against is a couple of things, and that is capacity there is only so much capacity in the industry to continue to install new pools. However, what I would remind everybody is that new pool construction, as I mentioned in my comments, is very important to the industry and certainly very important to us. But for perspective, about 80% of our revenue comes from pools already in the ground. So when I think about the market opportunity that we have and I look at where we have invested to grow where we are putting our capital and where we are strategically focused, I think the sustainability of the growth is very likely. So too soon for me to call, as evidenced by my comments, the 2022 season, let alone to 2023 season because of there is, frankly, so many unknowns with weather probably being at the top of the list for everything. But I think unemployment remains very low. The housing market is tight. Demand for new houses and housing, especially with the millennials entering the housing market is going to continue to keep the housing market tight, and I think that’s good for home values. So when I put all of that together, I don’t foresee a shift that says, pools are going to fall out of favor. Rather, I see us just continuing to grow, albeit at maybe not quite as fast a rate in the latter years. I think we mentioned during our Investor Day a month or so ago that we see in the future, will return back to our normal 6% to 9% growth for the company.
Peter Arvan: Yes. The other thing I would mention, too, that I should have mentioned up front with your question is the new technology, I also think is playing a part in the renovation and remodel and, frankly, expanding the market opportunity. Remember, I haven’t seen an updated number, but let’s say, 1.5 years ago, over 60% of the pools we’re running on a mechanical time clock. Now the percentage has certainly – of automation has certainly improved, albeit at a very slow rate because the major driver of that improvement is on – we see more automation adoption on new pool construction, but the remaining installed base still offers a tremendous, tremendous benefit. And every time a homeowner is replacing a piece of equipment, rather than replacing the one is that we – that was mandated by DOE was the simple one is a variable speed pump, right? So that’s now legislated and it has to happen. But then when you look at the rest of the automation and control that is available, the smart pool that everybody wants versus the pool that you had to go around the corner and hit switches and valves versus being able to do everything from your phone. I think that alone continues to provide an increased market opportunity and expand our ability to grow the business for many years going forward.
Peter Arvan: Ryan, the way to think about it, I said another way, is that inflation in this industry has traditionally always passed through the channel. And as Melanie mentioned, we’ve seen a couple of notices late last week that we are still working through. But the gross margin performance of the business, we continue to see is strong.
Peter Arvan: That’s a really good question, but I don’t know that I have that answer off the top of my head. What I can tell you is logically with the growth that we have seen in the Sunbelt and the southern migration, I would expect it to be higher, but I don’t want to quote a number on the phone with you right now because I’d rather get back to you with the actual, but just logically, given the southern migration and the fact that pool construction in the year-round markets is going to be higher than in the seasonal markets, I would expect it to be bigger. I just don’t want to quote the number off the top of my head to you.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that’s actually a really good question. The way we characterize the renovation and remodel business is semi-discretionary. Because a portion of it is, you know what I just don’t like that color of tile anymore. And I want to go from a brick coping to a travertine coping because I want to modernize the pool. And I want to add more decking around the outside of the pool versus the 1.5 feet of concrete that was there. I want to cover the concrete deck. A portion of it, though, is necessary because if you think about the pool, all of the elements, you have the equipment which has a life – a useful life assuming that you keep your water balanced, right, because unbalanced water can wreck even a brand-new set of equipment in months, not years. But if you assume that if you adequately take care of your water chemistry and you keep it balanced, equipment could last, let’s call it, in the – depending on the type and how much you use it, 7 to 10 years. But the surfaces on the inside of a pool are very similar to the surfaces on the outside of your house. And that is they are exposed generally to the sun and the water chemistry, and that will degrade the surface over time. So some of it is, as you mentioned, I just don’t like the color, and I bought – I just bought the house. It’s got a pool, which I’ve always wanted, but it looks dated, so I want to update it. So that could be as simple as a tile and a replastering because I don’t like the color. But there’ll be a portion of that and probably a rather significant portion of it that is I have to do this because the tile is falling off or the finish is bad, the finish is stained or in the case of the equipment, the equipment is starting to fail and not performing as desired. A portion of that too is going to be the search for a more energy-efficient pool. So, going through high-efficiency equipment and LED lighting versus halogen lighting, high-efficiency heaters versus standard gas heaters or heat pumps. So we’re adding things like UV, which has become very popular of late and the zone for another way to sanitize the water. So there is just – there is a lot of new products that come by way of renovation and remodel that are desired. And a portion of it is – a large portion of it is, hey, you really need to do this just like you need to maintain the outside of your house.
Peter Arvan: Yes. On the chemical side, I think it was about 40% price and 20% in volume. Our chemical supply on the key chemical that everybody that was focused in on a year ago from a shortage perspective, a Trichlor tablet, was – we were very tight a year ago. And I would tell you that through a lot of hard work from our supply chain team and manufacturers stepping up. And with the addition of Pinch A Penny, I think we are in a much, much, much better position. If you look it from a price perspective, it’s not all that different than it was towards the end of the year, but certainly, there was a big – on a year-over-year basis, it was significantly higher.
Peter Arvan: Sure. First, I would tell you, from a volume perspective, we look at the first quarter closer to 10%. As in regards to – in regard to your question on pricing sustainability, historically, in the industry, and if I think about major categories like equipment and such, I don’t really think that there is going to be a reduction. I don’t think those prices are going to roll back. I think there are certain areas where there is a much higher commodity element to the product, whether you are talking about PDC or even chemicals to some degree where I think there could be some elasticity in price. Remember, there was a big run up on the chemical pricing last year when the chemical plant fire happened in the end of 2020. So, that brought on a lot of import material and the import material comes with a tariff and also elevated transportation costs. Demand is still very strong for that product. There is a new plant that will be coming online. I think they are rebuilding and we would expect to see some contribution from that plant to the industry next year, how much we don’t know. But I think when it does come online, I suspect that the price for chemicals will come back a little bit or it could, I should say. But I also don’t think it’s going to go back to anywhere near what it was because I think the input cost on manufacturing those chemicals has also come up, and I don’t see it returning back to the, let’s call it, the 2019 levels.
Peter Arvan: Yes, that’s a great question. And I would tell you, we have had that discussion with our builders and pool dealers for quite some time. It’s probably in the neighborhood of, I would say and it really depends on the area. But it’s probably in the neighborhood of 50-50, maybe 60-40 in some areas. But I was just talking to one of our very large dealers this week, as a matter of fact. And I asked if there has been any change in how people are paying for financing the projects, and he said there isn’t. And I said has there been any difficulty in financing from their perspective, and they said there has been essentially none. So, all good in that vein.
Peter Arvan: I can tell you – that’s a great question, and thank you for it. We work very, very, very hard on market share. And we do that by focusing on the customer experience. And I can tell you, and I think you have seen it over the last several years, we have been hyper-focused on that and making sure that we are providing the best level of service. The PK Data report just came out, so we haven’t updated our share, but I can tell you that there is no less focus on gaining customer share. And if you look at the investments that we made, whether it’s in inventory or whether it’s in new sales centers or whether it’s in Pinch A Penny or Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition and all of the capabilities that come with that, I would tell you that we are relentlessly focused on share.
Peter Arvan: A number that probably wouldn’t – you wouldn’t see happen in terms of a decline. Because remember, if you look at new pool construction, we say it’s under 20% of our revenue. So, if you take our normal contribution margins and you say, even if new pool construction cell was the population cell by half, which nobody sees happening. The impact on the business is, I would tell you, it’s insignificant, but I would tell you that it is minimal when you look – when you consider that 80% of our business is derived from the installed base of pools.
Peter Arvan: They don’t really have a lot of visibility into 2023. I think they have a very good look at what’s in the pipeline and how 2022 is going to play out. But from a 2023 perspective, I don’t think they have a lot of visibility with the exception of the remodel and renovation business, right, because they know that they have been focused on that or they have been focused on new pool construction. And they realize that with that focus on new pool construction, it has meant that the queue, if you will, and the pent-up demand for renovation and remodel, is significant. So, I don’t know that they are forecasting less work or they are looking at 2023 and say, I am going to have a lot less work or any less work, I think it’s going to be a function of the work may be different. They may be building – new pool construction may not grow at the same rate that it grew in 2020 and 2021, 2022. But the amount of pent-up demand that there is surrounding the installed base of pools is significant. And I think that’s how they are viewing the world.
Peter Arvan: And it’s also changing, Ken, as it has to do with what’s going to happen with future price increases, too. So, for us to kind of forecast the benefit is – benefit changes with new announced inflation, right, for the inventory that we have in stock. So, we are I think wisely invested in inventory. And I think that will be a benefit in the environment that we are in.
Peter Arvan: There is a lot to that question. So, let me see if I can dissect it a little bit. If you go back to 2007, and you look at the percentage of our business that was tied to new construction of pools, it was actually much higher on a much smaller base. So, if I look at our business model today, it’s very different. If I look at the process that we use to open branches, it has been refined for what, 20-plus years – or not 20-plus years for almost 20 years from when it was started. So, I think we have gotten better at strategically placing branches. I think we have gotten better with our opening process and where to open and how to open so that the locations don’t become a drag on the business. I think when we add branches today, it’s because we are adding capacity, needed capacity and capabilities because the markets are growing. When I think about the other additions that we have made strategically and where we have invested and as late as recently as the Pinch A Penny acquisition or Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition, that adds significant capabilities that we think will add to our ability to provide value to our independent pool customer invented pool store customer with tools and product offerings that we couldn’t do before. So, when I look at our focus on the customer, I don’t think anybody is more focused on the customer than we are. When I look at our investments in systems and process, I don’t think anybody is doing what we are doing. So, when I look at our ability to add value to the customer, whether it’s the maintenance and repair customer that’s using POOL360 or some of our other products or just the vast number of branches that we have, which is now 414, whether it’s our technology tools like Bluestreak, which allows them to get in and out of those branches much faster than they could have before. When I look at our focus at speed at the counter, which we have, essentially, a time clock that starts every time a customer walks in, so we know exactly how long it takes to get them in and out. I think that we have lots of opportunity to continue to grow share because we are focused. We are investing in the right areas. There is a tremendous sense of accountability. And as always, in POOLCORP, there is a – the focus around execution is unlike anything I have ever seen. So, I think we are very comfortable that our ability to keep growing share, and I think the market too continues to expand because as I keep pointing out, 80% of our revenue is derived from the pools that are already in the ground. And if you look at the technology, as you mentioned a minute ago on your own pool, if you look at the technology on most of those, most of those pools, it is either non-existent in terms of technology or it is in the very early stages of what is possible. If you look at the millennials that are becoming part of the homeowner population and what their expectation is around smart technology in a connected pool and a connected backyard, it’s very different than it was 10 years ago, right. When you look at all of that together, it gives us great comfort that, a, our focus on the customer is going to allow us to continue to grow share because we are adding value, and I hope that we earn it. I think the market continues to get larger in terms of the new products that can be used and retrofitted into the installed base. And I think the simple fact that the installed base continues to grow, and the majority of our business is non-discretionary, I think gives us great comfort that the future is bright.
Peter Arvan: I don’t think we saw it as above what we said. We said inflation just because of the nature of how the price increases rolled out last year was going to show a higher at the beginning of the year and taper off as prices came up throughout last year.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean everything that has been previously announced is out in the market today. So, what I can’t account for is what hasn’t been announced yet.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. Listen, I just wanted to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on July 21st, when we will discuss our second quarter results. We hope you all have an amazing day, and thanks again for joining us.
Melanie Hart: Yes. No, consistent with our earlier expectations, we did expect that our margin for first quarter. If you’re looking at it kind of on a year-over-year comparable, we will expect to have higher growth in the first quarter. If you look at kind of absolute margins, we do typically see a little bit higher margins in second quarter just from the seasonal pricing aspect of it. But the growth we would expect to moderate starting in the second quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We’re still working through – there was a little bit – there was a few announcements that we saw just kind of late last week and we’re still evaluating those, and there is many others that we haven’t heard from. So our current guidance really doesn’t project out any future increases that may come through in the rest of the year.
Melanie Hart: So, on the margin side, it does vary quarter-over-quarter. And if you are looking at it just on the trailing 12, you will see that the contribution that we experienced in the first quarter for the Porpoise acquisition. When you look at our guidance for the year, it’s probably similar for the full year guidance is what we expect to pick up from that. And so the current expectation does not include any additional future inflationary increases from the vendor side. So, that could evolve as we move through the rest of the year.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We haven’t gone through in that much detail and quantified it because it’s – we actually – we value our inventory at average cost. So, even when we are getting products in at the new higher inflationary costs, that’s averaging out what they are lower. And so you will see that, that trail may take a little bit longer to move through the channel.
