Melanie Hart: Welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2022 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So certainly our long-term guidance, we still hold to that and we will reiterate that when we give our 2023 guidance in February. If you look back at just our quarterly -- the impacts of the margin quarter-over-quarter, fourth quarter certainly is historically less than some of the quarters within season. Because we have the ability within season, our customers are typically not as price sensitive. So the decline in margin going from third quarter to fourth quarter is consistent with what we historically would've expected.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So as we take a look at just kind of our operating model and our expense leverage, as we've seen over the last two years, we've certainly seen higher levels of sales growth. And with that we've seen lower than those the sales growth on expenses, but certainly growth. And so as we continue to look forward from a long-term standpoint, we would always expect that we would grow expenses less than the overall sales growth. And so do believe that within our model, we have many types of expenses that are available and flexible based on volumes. And so we do still believe that we have some ability to maintain our current operating margins and to continue to grow those long-term with sales growth.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So as I mentioned, when we took a look at all of the early buy opportunities, we evaluated them on an individual location standpoint and by skew. So we knew what we were buying when we placed those purchase orders. And so we're very comfortable with the POs that we've executed on the early buys and that we've done so to position ourselves as we go into 2023 to ensure that we have some margin benefits. So very comfortable with that. As we move into kind of the fourth quarter and first quarter, when you look at the inventory that we have on hand, we probably have about three weeks more than we normally would have in kind of ordinary supply environments. And so when you roll forward to kind of the end of Q1 typically that would be our peak inventory period as we prepare for the second quarter and the increases in sales for the second quarter. And so based on our projected purchases between now and then, we would expect that our inventory would normalize over the next couple of quarters as we come out of second quarter next year.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So gross margins will be better positioned to be able to provide a little bit more color on that when we talk again in February. But as we look at the expense line item, we've already talked about specifically we've called out incentive compensation as one of the areas over the last two years with our higher than historical growth or where we've seen some increases in there. And so we talked about that moderating on a normal growth year from a 6% to 8%. But if sales expectations are lower than that we would have some additional money -- additional ability to flex that. But really, outside of just the incentive compensation, there's several areas when you look at the overall contributions to our expense line. The biggest expense is really in the people area. And so where we are from a staffing standpoint with the 17% to 19% growth that we have this year, we've certainly added some temporary and encouraged some overtime expenses that in a time where sales would not be growing as they are this year, we would have the ability to flex that as well. And then really kind of after those two components there's just many of the natural items as it relates to delivery expenses and even discretionary expenses when you start getting into travel and entertainment. I think that when we looked at kind of our expectations and the expense flex that we did in 2020 to me is just kind of a good model to show that we do have the ability to take some of those discretionary expenses out of the business.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the majority -- the vast majority of all of our programs are volume-related. And so they also do reset every year and with typically, having targets in there for growth targets. So in the years where we've had kind of higher than normal purchases and sales growth, we typically will benefit from that on the vendor rebate portion of our gross margin.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We can take a look at that and maybe provide some more commentary in February as we look at kind of our -- because it's really -- it is going to be tied to our sales expectations as to what we think that impact might be going into next year.
Melanie Hart: Again, we'll provide a little bit more color on that. Two things on that. As we are at higher inventory levels, and so we would not expect for the full-year of next year that we will be carrying debt at the same level that we have currently.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question, Ryan. As we said, we're forecasting at this point that new pool construction is going to be down, as I said in the 10% to 15% range. A little bit the shoulders of the year, as you know, are the time that are most affected by weather. That it may be at the higher end of the decline if weather closes up sooner and maybe a little bit better if the seasonal weather stays buildable. I guess what I would say is that when I look at volumes considering the decline in new pool construction, when you look at what we posted for the quarter, I'm actually pretty happy with the fact that volumes are holding up. And that remember they're holding off of an elevated level compared to where we have historically grown. And that's partially because the installed base is growing partially because we believe that there was some pent-up demand in renovation. And it's offsetting at the client in new pool construction. So on balance, to say that new pool construction is going to be off likely at least double digits. The fact that volumes are still flattish is actually a pretty good position we think.
Peter Arvan: What I would say is that the -- it is on -- to your first question is, it is in units and dollars will be higher of course because of the structural inflation. And I think the backlogs really are -- you really have to kind of take that apart. So first of all, we had a slow start to the season especially in the northern climates where builders got a late start, right? So they got less pools in the ground. And as you know, when you loop those days early on, you typically don't get those back. I think that we -- the builders would tell you that there's -- they are seeing more pressure in the seasonal markets and the year round markets I think are in better shape. And I think higher end pools tend to be in better shape than the lower end pools. I think that any pullback will be skewed in my mind to the lower end pools. The higher end pools I think are in good shape. So if you look across the -- our customer base, I think there is an adequate backlog as it as high as it was last year, no, but I think given the state of the economy I think that there is plenty of work out there, exactly how many again we're -- we still have a almost a quarter to go, so we're estimating the minus 10, the minus 15. But I think most builders would tell you that the frenzy has died off, but there's still plenty of work out there.
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question. If you look at our -- if you look at the new -- let's start with the maintenance and repair of the installed base of pools. Historically, that segment has grown with the installed base plus inflation because as you know, and we've said it many times, once you have a pool, you have to move the water, filter the water and treat the water. Whether you're using it seven days a week or whether you're using it two days a week, those activities have to happen. So we would consider that that portion of the business, which has historically been the norm that that, that part of the business is going to continue to grow as the installed base of pools grows. So, new pool construction, we think is going to be down this year as we said. And I think we started the year saying we felt based on input from our dealers that there was a backlog in renovation and remodel projects that people were waiting to have done as the builders focused on new pool construction. I think that portion of the business is -- has held up well and I think has benefited from the available labor as evidenced by the fact that even with new pool construction down, volumes are still flattish. So we like that. And I would tell you that the new pool construction is down this year, could it be down next year. I suppose it could. I mean we're certainly not forecasting that, Ryan, but I guess when we think about it from a macro perspective; new pool construction makes up roughly 20% of our business. Renovation and remodel make up roughly 20% of the business. And the balance is the maintenance and repair the 60% that continues to grow. So really, we're certainly not forecasting to this, but let's say new pool construction fell another 20% next year. If new pool construction falls 20%, that's 20% of 20%, so that's 4% of revenue. And if you said, well that same pain would be felt broadly across the renovation market 20% on another 20% is an additional 4%. And then if you take the inflation, which from the major equipment guys has already been announced in the 4% to 5% range. And I think if you look across the -- our portfolio in total, that's probably a good number to look at. If you look at plus 4% to 5% on the 60% of the business, that gives you a minus one or a plus one there, right? And then a, a plus one net, right? Because you're up five minus four. So even with a 20%, I mean, to be conservative, if those two markets are down 20%, I think you're still looking at a flattish sales number.
Peter Arvan: Sure. Good question. So the 4% to 5%, that's really -- that's kind of a composite number that we see assembling from the major equipment folks, right? Which is a very, very big, the biggest part of our business in total. Pure commodity things like rebar and PVC pipe to some degree, do I think that there could be more deflation on those items? There could be. I mean, there's so many factors that go into that, but when I look at those items in total, our exposure in terms of dollars to those items are -- is relatively small because there's just not a in the grand scheme of things and not a whole lot of dollars associated with that. And if you move into another category that some would consider more commodity like would be chemicals, you've got really three different parts of the chemical business, right? You've got the 3 inch tab portion of the business, right? So the two biggest parts of your -- of chemicals are going to be the trichlor tablets. And I would say that given the inflation that we saw this year, the tariffs that are in place the additional supply that's coming on next year, I mean, we're not -- at this point, we've not put a forecast together for chemicals for next year. But is it conceivable that we could see some decline on that portion of the business, which makes up let's call it a 3-ish of our chemical spend. Could there be some decline there? Yes. But you're talking about 2%, 2% to 2.5% of our overall business. So even if that were to decline 10%, 15%, you're still talking very small impact overall. The next biggest part of chemicals is going to be your shock, right? So chlorine and Cal Hypo and frankly, both of those are still net short. So I don't really see prices in that area doing anything, but probably going up. And then there's the specialty chemicals which make -- which would make up the balance. And I think that the pricing will be fairly solid in those areas, but that -- from a very high-level that's kind of how we think about it.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Andrew, here's what I would say, we have -- we have -- we're very fortunate to have very experienced operators that have been through many cycles. So if you look at our management team, really all the way down to the branch level it's a very, very experienced, years of experience, when you look at our the depth of experience at our general manager level and our regional manager level some degree, the sales center manager level, we've been developing the team for many, many years. So this is not a new thing for them. They've been through the cycles. So they understand the tradeoffs on expenses. They don't -- they don't typically wait and say, well, I'll wait if it -- if things look like they're going to cool. They have a) the experience and frankly, every incentive because with basically the POOLCORP system, the operating systems are total add them up. The way that the whole company is like, frankly, the way Melanie and I are measured is really is that same way all the way down to the individual P&L level. So there is no incentive for them to be late. There is no incentive for them not to capitalize on a sales opportunity and the flip side is there is no incentive for them to wait and say, wow, if things are going to cool off, I'll just carry this incremental expense that I don't know that I -- that I need. I mean, the operating model is, is time tested and well sought out, and it is executed by a very experienced team. So, if -- and again, we're not suggesting that the environment next year is going to be bad. Frankly, we don't know at this point. But are we prepared for, any occurrence. So as I said, we -- I kind of gave you a worst case model, from a revenue perspective, if new construction were to really drop off again, which basically would take you back to 2019 levels. If that were to happen, and the renovations followed, the top-line sell then, as Melanie mentioned, there are numerous areas that we would see immediate benefits, from an SG&A perspective, whether it's people, whether it's incentive comp, whether it is transportation, trucks, fuel, you name it, the model will flex almost immediately with those.
Peter Arvan: And it's having a very tough year this year. So I mean, if things get, sequentially worse, again, and they're off another 25%, you're talking about 1%. Right. And when I think about Horizon, in terms of their size, their footprint and where they are, they're going to be slightly -- they'll be slightly bigger than that. But I also think that given the areas that we are building in Horizon, because again, when I think about the economy in general, in -- and housing specifically, which obviously is more important -- the housing market is more important to the Horizon folks than it would be to Blue, a couple of things to consider. Number one is, over time, we have been working to expand the maintenance and repair portion of our business in Horizon so that it is not so fully dependent on new construction. Now clearly in that business, new construction is important. But when I look at it in terms of the impact in total, I mean, you're talking about a business that is, less than 10% of our total, I think we've been moving more and more of that business focused to the maintenance and repair piece, which should mitigate a cooling off in new construction, number one. And number two, we've invested in the markets that even if there is a cooling, those markets are still going to be good. Florida is still going to be good. So we've invested in growth in Florida and the Carolinas that, the housing market there, are still good. So, I mean, I look at it and say, could there be a drag if there's a catastrophic drop in those areas, yes, but given their relatively small percentage of our total, I don't think it's going to be a terribly meaningful impact.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that is something that could very well happen. Now obviously, we're not providing guidance on next year at this point, but if I just think thematically about it, so yes, if so, conceivably, if the economy slows, then you have homeowners that are making a decision that says well, what, I'd rather just take on the maintenance and repair of the pool myself. And frankly, that was part of the reason for the -- strategic reason for the acquisition of Pinch A Penny or Porpoise Pool & Patio is that, they have a great retail network that the franchisees operate. And embedded in that are some great tools and capabilities that we can now leverage for the independents. So I think looking forward, if there is a switch from professionally maintained to DIY, I don't think anybody is better positioned to capitalize on that. And quite frankly, the way we look at it is the customer is the pool, right? So what we're focused on -- so we know where every pool is in the country. And what we are focused on is from a market share perspective and from a service perspective is, all right, if the pool is -- the homeowner wants to do a DIY, great. Then we want to make sure that we are working with a retailer or a franchise -- a franchisee that is catering to that part of the geography where that pool is so that we're best positioned to continue to gain tank to grow and share and provide the equipment and chemicals and supplies needed to maintain that pool.
Peter Arvan: Yes. It's about -- I think in total, it's in the 4% to 5% range. And that business is -- remember, it went through a really tough spot during COVID, right, when people stopped traveling. And people are back to traveling. They're back to vacation. So there is a considerable amount of money being spent in those areas as evidenced by our sales growth, right? So we are up 28% for the year. The project deck that we get to look at -- because remember, there's two parts for that business, right? There is the project, right, new construction, major renovation. Those are -- that's typically a bid-and-spec. They're larger, many times municipal projects. So there's a lot of visibility to those. So we get a pretty good look at the pipeline of that, and I can tell you that the pipeline is very healthy in that area. And then there's just the maintenance and repair that's tied to using of those pools. And given the fact that travel -- the travel season this year was very good, don't really see that letting up all that much anytime soon. And the fact that it's a relatively small part of the business, when I look at it, I think that there is upside there. Is it tremendously going to reshape our future? No, but I'm encouraged by the -- by our ability to continue to grow and take share in that market as well.
Peter Arvan: No. Not at all, really. I think our -- we're a very strategic acquirer. If you look historically back on the acquisitions that we made, we have been very prudent and judicious and also strategic. So am I willing to overpay for an asset? And the answer is absolutely not. And the reason is, is because in most cases, those acquisitions, we don't -- we're not in a position where we have to overpay for every -- for anything because, frankly, in most markets, we're already there. So it is perhaps some additional capacity that we would be picking up and some additional business and then a synergy opportunity on the backside. But when asset prices become inflated, we get the choice to sit back and say, am I willing to pay an inflated price for an asset that I probably don't really need to acquire because if I need additional capacity, we have the muscle memory, if you will, and the capabilities to greenfield very quickly. So this year, we're going to open up approximately 10 new greenfields. Next year, we're looking at a similar number of greenfields. If I made an acquisition in some markets that I had teed up for a greenfield, might that change my appetite to greenfield if there was something that made sense strategically from a business perspective and from a cultural perspective because that was one of the other things that we look at when we do acquisitions is what is the culture that we're acquiring. Because we have a very good culture in the company, and there has to be a fit there. So I think we have an appetite. We certainly have the balance sheet to do it. We have a strategic plan that is really done at an individual MSA area. So if good assets become available and their value perspective, it makes sense, then absolutely, we would move forward. The flip side is that if we needed additional capacity in an area, there was no asset that made sense to acquire, then we would simply do what we've always done and that is greenfield, and we can do that relatively quickly. And if you look at our success rate with greenfield, it is just tremendous.
Peter Arvan: Yes. And Steve, the programs are negotiated on an individual basis, and we're just in that process right now. So hard for us to quantify that because, again, we haven't guided from a revenue and volume perspective and the programs are still in flux. But I mean, rest assured, this is part of the normal business practice for us. There are some years, obviously, that vendor rebates are better than others, and it really depends on the individual vendor and how the programs are constructed. But we'll have more color for that when we provide our full-year guidance into -- for next year. But I can tell you that it's contemplated in our long-term guidance, which is really the way that we would ask you to think about it.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think as we mentioned, we certainly have some great retailers in the -- our traditional independent retail business. I think if you look at our retail business from a geographic perspective, it would be very similar, right? Pinch A Penny is a great operator. We certainly have great operators that perform equally as well. But I would also tell you, look at the footprint that where Pinch A Penny operates. It's primarily Florida, Texas, some Louisiana and a location in Georgia as compared to our entire retail basket, which goes all the way up into the seasonal markets, which, as you know, had a much tougher year given the late start to the season, the large early buys that they made, hence my comment on inventory correction.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean valuations of late have been high, right? Traditionally, I would tell you that valuations in industrial retail -- sorry, industrial distribution for a good business, you're talking about multiples which traditionally have been in the 5% to 7% range -- or 5 to 7x range. What we've seen in the last year with the frenzy of capital coming into the space is we've seen some what we would consider just crazy numbers being paid, and again, luxury of not having to participate in what we would consider crazy valuations. So traditionally, for us, 5x to 7x is what we have seen. And from a greenfield perspective, it varies really on a case-by-case basis, but we can typically greenfield for at least a couple of turns or more below that.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Certainly, when -- in very tough operating conditions when cash is a big issue, then the ability for the smaller guys to be able to maintain inventory and maintain the service that the customers have become accustomed to becomes a challenge. And typically, in those markets, the bigger -- your bigger players tend to get stronger because we have far more resources to bring to bear to continue to provide the exceptional customer service that I think has allowed us to take share. And again, I certainly don't want to overplay the Draconian what could happen. But it seems that there's a lot of concern in the market that says, wow, new pool construction went way up, and it's going to go down. And the numbers that we pick, basically, would take you back to a new pool construction number similar to where we were pre-pandemic. But I think the part that is worth mentioning again is the fact that the industry is structurally larger now. So it's not like we're depending on and hoping that, well, new pool construction is going to continue at this elevated level. Look, if new pool construction is flat next year or up a couple or up 10% or minus 10% or minus 15%, again, we kind of -- or even minus 20%, we kind of outlined what that means for the business. But at the same time, you have to consider that the industry is structurally bigger because of the inflation. Now when your expenses are going up and business is slowing down, certainly, you have the smaller players are the first ones to feel the pinch. And they are the ones that that have the least capital reserves in order to continue to provide the level of service that they have been providing. So our expectation would be if history were to repeat that in a market like that that your larger players like us would do better.
Peter Arvan: And inflation cost on inventory is high, there isn't -- there frankly isn't an opportunity over the long-term to do anything in regards to that. And their operating margins are tight enough that they simply don't have the checkbook to say, well, I'll just -- I'll take it on the chin.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean the information that we're getting from dealers right now is that they still have plenty of work, right? So I can tell you, we believe, as I said, new construction is going to be down. So you can see that our volumes are flattish. And frankly, if you look at the seasonal markets, as I mentioned, versus the year round markets, you see a pretty big difference. So the year round markets, Sunbelt markets, where we saw growth in population where people are moving, those markets are still very strong. As we mentioned, Florida was up 20%, which is obviously way more than inflation for the year. Texas is up, California, Arizona; the big year round markets are up. So our conclusion is that where pools are being built, still strong in those areas. Although permits are down, still pools being built in those areas and renovations in those markets that the demand there is still strong as evidenced by what we're seeing from a revenue perspective.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I don't think we've seen that. In fact, we don't know for sure because the year still is not complete. And once the year gets wrapped up and we have some more forensics on the construction count and such. What I think is happening is, you're not really seeing trade-down at the component level because at the component level, it really is de minimis for something that is a longer-term investment, right? So if I'm buying a pump and it's going to last 7 to 10 years, I don't know that you see people saying I'm going to trade-down because over the course of ownership, not that -- not that -- not that big a deal. The same thing when it comes to high-efficiency heater, if you will, people, I think, are still making longer-term decisions on larger purchases. Where I think we would see contraction is really at the entry level, right? I think at the entry level, that's where you're likely to see more pain before you see trade-down to the component level. So it's the decision of do I build the pool or not. If I was on the edge of whether it made financial sense for me to build a pool, those are the ones that I think probably maybe tap the brakes and see what happens in the broader economy. But I think at the upper end of the scale, I think those projects still continue, hence the value that we're talking about, not just pool counts, but value being -- still being healthy.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for your support and for joining us today. We hope you all have a safe and happy holiday season. We look forward to reviewing our fourth quarter and full-year results for 2022 on February 16, at which time; we will also provide preliminary guidance for the 2023 year. Thank you very much.
