Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. As reported, we had solid sales and gross profit growth in the quarter despite the lack of a benefit from weather. By way of example, in the year-round markets, California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, base business sales increased by 8.1% in the quarter and 8.3% year-to-date. Excluding Canada, sales increased by 7.1% in the quarter and 8.1% year-to-date in the seasonal markets. After 2013’s late start to the pool season, we were looking for a comparative benefit this year, but as evidenced in our sales results, that benefit did not materialize. Canada base business sales were down 12.7% in the quarter and 12% year-to-date given colder weather with much delayed pool openings. Nonetheless, we believe that 6.6% base business sales growth in the quarter and 7.5% base business sales growth year-to-date is solid. Please recall that there was a shift of roughly $8 million in sales from the second quarter to the first quarter this year primarily in seasonal markets with the earlier shipment of customer early buys. So, in essence, the base business sales growth rate has remained constant at 7.5% in the first half. Building materials again led the way with 22% sales growth in the quarter and 21% sales growth year-to-date, reflecting both the gradual recovery of pool remodeling activity, as well as market share gains. Building materials gross margins are very similar to overall company average gross margins. Equipment sales increased by 9% in the quarter and 11% year-to-date with the sales growth continuing to reflect the gradual recovery of replacement activity. Retail product sales on the other hand increased by only 4% in the quarter and 5% year-to-date. This lower growth reflects both the recent years’ modest growth of the pool install base, which drives pool maintenance expenditures and the lack of a weather benefit in seasonal markets as those markets’ year-on-year maintenance sales performance is similar to year-round markets. Turning to gross margins, our ongoing efforts in sourcing, purchasing and sales execution coupled with reduced sales mix headwind from equipment, enabled our realizing a 25 bps increase. Going forward, we expect the equipment sales growth will continue to outpace our overall sales growth, but our ongoing execution improvements should enable us to maintain gross margins at roughly 2014 levels for the foreseeable future. We believe that 7.4% base business gross profit growth in the quarter and 7.7% growth year-to-date is certainly solid in the present environment. While Mark will cover expenses, base business expense growth is higher than it should be and this should moderate in the second half as we lap certain new location openings from 2013 and other expenses incurred earlier this year. Please recall that our base business expenses were flat year-on-year in the first half of ’13 compared to the first half of ’12. In the second half, we expect our base business sales and gross profits to grow at a similar rate as in the first half with base business expense growth at a lower rate resulting in us reaffirming our 2014 diluted earnings per share expectations of $2.35 to $2.45 per diluted share. Our results are not possible without the commitment of our people. As customers constantly testify, it is our people’s engagement and their use of the tools and resources that we have invested in over the course of over 20 years that enables us to provide exceptional value. We continue to invest to promote the growth of the industry, the growth of our customers’ businesses and we continuously strive to operate our business more effectively. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, there’s two parts here. The seasonal markets in the Northern U.S., we expected them to warm up at a normal schedule. They warmed up at a schedule very similar to last year which is later than normal. So the year-on-year impact was basically net zero in the Northern U.S. overall although we expected it to be a benefit given again how 2013 was a late season. The real issue from a weather standpoint was Canada and Canada this year was abnormally late and our sales reflect that with our being down 12%. And in various discussions with manufacturers there in the Canadian market, we are performing at least as well not better than the marketplace, so that’s reflective of what’s going on there from a weather standpoint. And the impact there, dollar impact is about $5 million to $6 million.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: We have not seen an adverse hit on the remodel replacement sector. In fact, we continue to see improvement. Now, the perspective here just for the sake of understanding the point, is that replacement and refurbishment activity or remodeling activity really took a hit in ’08 and ’09 and it was flattish in ’10 and began to recover in ’11, but we’re still a ways away from what we view as normal behavior. So while you can argue that the recovery may have moderated a bit or moderated a bit in ’14 versus the rate of recovery in ’13, we’re still in a recovery mode and therefore that is helping two points of reference, equipment being one where we have a 11% year-to-date sales growth and second and more specifically in building materials where we have 21% sales growth. So, basically what we’re talking about here is these are areas that are directly affected by the recovery. Certainly in the case of building materials, we continue to gain share and we do that at a very strong rate. Our share gains are a lot more modest in the equipment side and therefore when you see 11% year-to-date growth there, you are seeing an industry that is growing probably in the very high-single digits in terms of that activity which again reflects a recovery component for that sector.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, what happens here, Matt, is the year-round markets are fairly consistent in terms of from a weather impact standpoint, it’s not very significant. In the seasonal markets, when pools because – remember, by the way that goes back to the fact that in year-round markets the pools are basically open year round, whereas in seasonal markets they are more inclined to be closed in the fall/winter and reopen in the spring. What happens here is that we were looking for an earlier opening in those seasonal markets than last year because last year was later than normal and in fact, this year was, they opened at about the same time as last year. So, I think what’s happened -- and at some point, right, there is going to be a normal weather year. And when that happens, we’ll get a little bit of a lift in the seasonal markets and those will grow at a rate a little greater than the year-round markets.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: The Europe business is a positive story this year. The economy is still at best, probably a very, very small positive on a GDP level, but given what we’ve done in terms of our people and their execution, we have continued to grow share. And as a result of that, Europe had double-digit sales and GP dollar growth in local currency both for the quarter and year-to-date and therefore reflecting positive results in the bottom line. We still have a ways to go in Europe, and their performance from every metric to speak of does not compare with the domestic results from whether it be return on capital, some of the efficiency measurements like GP dollar per headcount, payroll as a percentage of sales, things of that nature. So we have a ways to go. Some of that is obviously going to be hard to overcome given the inherent inefficiencies of having the need for higher administrative costs for each individual country which we’re not able to operate as efficiently as we are in the U.S. where we have a significant scale. But it’s a positive story certainly versus last year which was the bottom of that market and I think with our continued share growth and improved execution, we’ll continue to get better there.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Our objective is that our trailing 12 debt-to-EBITDA would be 1.5 to 2 times and at the end of June we were 1.48. So we were, in fact, a shade under our target. So therefore expectations are that we’ll continue to be active in the marketplace. The other part of that equation, David, as well as you know very well, is that we have a wind-up and a wind-down of working capital during the season. So, the lion’s share of our cash essentially from our operating results comes in between the June through November time frame. So therefore we’re going to be deleveraging naturally in the next – in the back half of the year. So therefore to the extent that that is offset with share repurchase, we expect that our debt level will be very similar to what they are now.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, we do a little more than hope. But from an execution standpoint, what we’re driving to is certain activity and behavior and results. And obviously to that end, we compare that with other monitors that we use to see how the industry is doing. So just as a matter of course if we have 8% sales growth and the industry is growing at 8%, then that’s not particularly good in our minds, our internal standards. Whereas if we’re growing 6% and the industry is growing 3%, that would be very good. So there are extraneous factors, weather certainly being one that directly affects maintenance and repair activity and that is what it is. July and August are not as weather sensitive, weather begins to come into play a little bit in the back half of the year, September, October as pools begin to close down in seasonal markets. But the impact of weather in the back half of the year is naturally less than the front half because if when pools are open that are – there is a trigger of expenditure at the pool owner level that affects our business and our industry.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: It would be business lost. So therefore, just a point there, Ryan, if somebody opens their pool on May 15 instead of April 15, that’s a month less of expenditures of call it mid-April to mid-May and that’s lost. Typically, by the end of June the pools are opened so therefore it’s done.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: In the second quarter, these represent close to -- 56%, 57% of the total number whereas in the year, they would be more like 47%.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Inflation in the first half was very, very modest. On maintenance, chemicals, accessories, virtually nil. There could be a little bit in the back half, at least we’re looking for a little bit in the back half given some of the -- what’s going on in the chemical market. In terms of equipment, modest increases that were announced late last year by the manufacturers that became effective earlier this year. So, overall I think when you weigh everything out, we’re looking at probably closer to 1% in the first half of the year and that may be a little higher but still in the 1% to 2% range in the back half.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: I think that’s a tough dynamic, certainly not unique to us. It affects everybody that uses third-party carriers. I know third-party carriers are scrambling for drivers. Increasing regulations, some put forth July 1st of last year has really tightened that marketplace in a significant way. I heard estimates – read about estimates of there being in the U.S. our being 2 million to 3 million drivers short of natural demand or basically need. So if you have a friend that wants to be a driver, there’s plenty of jobs available. And what’s happened consequently is because of that driver shortage, it’s tightened up freight capacity and across the board when that happens, rates go up.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Really outside of the fact that we had from a calendar standpoint one more sales day in June and one less sales day in May, the sales cadence was very consistent on a year-on-year daily sales rate basis, April, May and June.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Very similar to what we saw running at about, call it, close to 7% on a daily sales rate basis through yesterday.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, we have it all together. And we don’t have it – in terms of GP dollars, as I mentioned, which is really the big driver, basically the Green was 8% in the quarter. So and the overall number I gave you earlier and that really wouldn’t change very much because the Green is about 10% of the total company, so [indiscernible] number very much right on top of it. And I mentioned Europe was double-digit growth overall but Europe overall is 5% of the total so it doesn’t affect the total very much as well.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: No. What we’ve seen, David, is -- this is one call that we made that was right, which was that we anticipated that ’09 was the bottom and that there will be a recovery with the recovery being first driven by remodeling and replacement activity and then later by new construction and that kind of worked out that way. Remodeling and replacement activity is probably going to be, by the end of this year, about 20% or so below normalized levels. So, there is some room left to go there from a recovery standpoint. Frankly, new pool construction is still hovering around 60,000 pools, which, as you know very well is about 70% below what it used to be and almost 70% below what we consider to be normalized levels at about [170,000] [ph], 180,000 pools a year, I’m talking about in-ground pools. So, we’re waiting for the single-family home residential market to really establish a solid foundation and when that happens and financing begins to revert back to normal, we believe that new pool construction will begin to recover in earnest. We may be one or two years away from that, but in the mean time we still have the pace of recovery from remodeling and replacement. So the bottom line in a long-winded answer is there is no change in our expectations. We’re still looking at 6% to 10% GP dollar growth over the next five to seven years.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at overall, our equipment is the overall the lowest from a gross margin standpoint. Also, from a ease of handling, it is, relatively speaking, easier to handle, so the cost to serve there is lower. So and within the context of equipment, for example, heaters are the lowest margin items because they are the highest value in light boxes, for example, a hand filter. So, we’re talking about equipment being overall running around 20% all-in from a gross margin standpoint. When we look at some of the lower dollar items, accessories, parts, things of that nature where the cost to serve as a percentage of sales is a lot higher, those will be in the mid-to-high 30s and building materials in much the same way runs the gamut. Now, the overall average is around 30%. But when you look underneath it, there are some product categories that will be in the teens or some components that will be in the teens, percentage wise margin and there will be other that will be 40 or north of 40. Again, the lower dollar items tend to have a higher margin percentage because there is a higher cost to serve. They are relatively easier to handle. Bigger dollar items tend to have a lower margin percent because proportionately the cost to serve there is lower.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Two things; we still had a little bit of a headwind, not much, but a little bit of a headwind from equipment, the equipment growth rate of 9% was a little higher than our overall company growth rate and as I just mentioned earlier, equipment as a category overall has our lowest gross margin percent. The other part of that equation is we continue to improve every facet and work on improving every facet of our execution. When you look at what we do from a sourcing standpoint worldwide, what we do from a purchasing, execution standpoint as well as in sales execution as we provide better service to our customers and our customers recognize and appreciate that, there is less push back on pricing and where we price vis-a-vis the competition. So, I think all those factors come together. The level of improvement year-on-year at 25 bps is not – it’s certainly positive and we believe it’s something that we can sustain, but in terms of those levels of margins, but a lot of factors that play into it, for example, we did not get the geographic benefit that we were looking for and yet we had a positive result. So, I think when you look out and I’m focused on the long term more so than the quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year, when I look at long term, I think it’s very reasonable to expect that our GP dollars and sales will grow at almost exactly the same rate for the next five to seven years. As we have some negative factors, equipment continuing to grow at a faster rate adversely affecting the mix on the one hand but on the other hand our continuous working on improving every facet of our execution offsetting that.
