Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark. And thank you, all, for joining us today on our first quarter 2011 results conference call. As evidenced by our first quarter results, the industry downturn that began in 2006, by every measurable indication, is now behind us.  As it has been the case throughout our history, we continue to generate above market results, given our ongoing investment in talent, resources and tools, to enable us to provide value for our customers and our suppliers. But we should not get carried away with our first quarter results, as this year's favorable weather compared to last year's adverse first quarter weather, and industry dynamics provided us an easy comparison. For those of you who live in Snow Belt markets that have just suffered through a brutal winter, there's very little sales activity in the winter for our business, with the lion's share of our sales in these months being in Sun Belt. In reviewing our first quarter sales results by major market, please keep in mind that we had unusually cold and wet weather last year from Texas Oklahoma, East through the Carolinas, and South to Florida. Into the quarter, our overall Blue business sales increased 15%, with our Green business increasing 12%. Our first positive year-on-year quarter in the Green business since the industry downturn began, as that customer segment generally lags the Blue customer segment by roughly one year.  Within the Blue business largest markets, Texas was the headline with 27% growth, with Florida at 14% and other markets, primarily in the Southeast United States, up 17%. Clearly a reflection of the easy weather comparison in these markets. In contrast, in California, which had a pretty normal weather in last year's first quarter, we realized 4.4% sales growth. This reference is important as weather in the balance of 2010 was, on average, pretty normal overall. So mid-single digit year-on-year sales growth for the balance of the year, we believe, is a reasonable expectation. This is further demonstrated by our heavy dependence on the more stable maintenance and repair source revenue segments that are driven by the install base of pools. The aging of the install base is providing some opportunities in remodel replacement revenue growth, but the more discretionary new pool construction segment is still very depressed, with very marginal increases in pool permit activity. As usual, we continue to grow profitable share organically as we've done consistently for many years. Moving to gross margin. The easy comparison from last year's first quarter accounts for most of the change this quarter with ongoing improvement expected for the balance of the year, albeit at a more modest rate. One recent question is the impact of raw material cost increases on our business. To date, that impact is muted, although we do expect some increases as the year progresses, which will pass on in the normal course. Fuel cost increases of 30% plus are an example outside product cost that we'll also seek recovery of, in the form of new or higher freight surcharges and deliveries in this case. On the expense side, no surprises other than higher fuel cost impacted us by approximately $0.01 a share, which cost increase will seek to recover as indicated before. Bottom line is that we still generated a 20% contribution margin in the sales increase, as is our guidance for the next several years as we grow into existing infrastructure. On working capital, I would like to highlight that our inventory and accounts payable increased somewhat more than normal, as recent sales trends grow higher replenishment rates. But as sales growth moderates, so will the increase in inventory and accounts payable. To that end, our free cash flow should approximate net income for the year. Overall, I believe we had a strong quarter and are on our way to another year of solid earnings per share growth. As many of you know, we believe that with a reasonable recovery in the macro-economic environment, we have the opportunity to grow earnings per share at over a 20% rate per year for the next five years. That we have a good shot at doing that in 2011, as we did in 2010, without a notable increase in new construction and with still depressed consumer confidence is evidence of the underlying resiliency of the industry and our team's ability to execute in a still challenging macro-environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. First of all, it was pretty much across the board. There was no particular product category that declined or had significantly less growth than our overall numbers. I would like to highlight the fact that we continue to grow share and one product category that did grow a little more than the norm, although it's hard to do that given the numbers reported, was in the area of building materials, and that will be primarily related to share gains.
Manuel De La Mesa: That continues to grow at the rate a bit faster than our overall growth. And turning to building materials as an example, a lot of the aggregates that we sell, that blend in with plaster to have a higher end finish on the pools, the tile, a lot of those products are private label, as well as our chemicals. Overall, I believe we're probably getting very close and if not this year, next year, should be in the mid-20s in terms of what percentage of our overall sales are related to our own products.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well just a comment on that, it is an investment from our standpoint. We really don't expect to lose that. Lending Club has a pretty good track record of returning a positive investment to people who invest in the loans that they underwrite. We don't take a majority. We take a small portion of the loans that are done in the pool area. So we'll spread that $2 million across a large number of borrowers. And so the more pertinent issue there is that we want to send a message to our customers that we support them, we support the industry. And by taking an investment in their customers, we think that's a positive message that we want to send to our customer base.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. If you take out the year-on-year SG&A increase, and Mark touched on some of the elements in his comments, but essentially, you take out acquisition, you take out incentive and you take out freight, and at the end of the day you're talking about something in the neighborhood of closer to 3%.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, first of all, in terms of price increases, commodities, items like pipe, rebar, that are used typically in new construction, those have been going up during the course of the year and pretty much as we expected to take place. But the impact there is negligible because a new construction is still very small segment of our total business and therefore, that's the littlest number. In terms of the equipment sector, there is one of the top three vendors in the category that has announced a price increase that's effective June 1. And therefore, that'll have some impact this year. Again, diluted by the fact that it's only one of the top three vendors. And then on the chemical side, which is the largest product category by far. On average, prices there are a tad lower than last year. So there's a little bit of deflation there. So net-net, I think all the 1% to 2% that we estimated for the year is still reasonable, net-net, and again probably the run rate will be a little bit higher in the latter part of the -- no, in the third and fourth quarter. But overall for the year, 1% to 2% seems to be still a reasonable number.
Manuel De La Mesa: That is not so much a factor in the fourth and first quarter. That's more a factor in the heat of the season. And so therefore, that benefit that we began to see a bit last year, we expect to see a little bit more of that this year as well. And that's basically service levels in the middle of the season.
Manuel De La Mesa: We believe that other than the aging of the install base of pools, which is certainly helping to some degree on the remodeling replace side. But the real change in behavior on the consumer, be it refurbishment, replacement or new construction, we began -- we expect moves well[ph] . And that impact, if any, will be very, very modest this year.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well unfortunately, there is no historical precedent. We have, in this industry, enjoyed over 40 years of growth independent of what was happening to the rest of the world through 2006. And then it kind of -- it changed. So there is no history or reference you can point to. From our own internal calculations, is that it will take about five years before replacement, remodeling activity from a consumer standpoint through our customer to us reverts to normalized behavior. And there is certainly some pent-up demand there and that will come in, we believe, over the course of the next five years, we're not far enough [ph] to figure out what year that'll be or over, in which years it will be concentrated. And then in the case of new pool construction, we believe it could very well take 10 years, up to 10 years, before that reverts to normal behavior. And that's what we baked into our five and 10-year models.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. The interesting thing, Ryan, is that without -- again, using those kind of expectations, which somewhat challenged me as being too conservative, we can still get to 20% plus earnings per share growth. And as evidenced last year, and I think we have a good shot of doing this year, we can still realize 20% earnings per share growth without that tail wind at our back.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well the lead is misleading. And especially because over the course of the past two years, we've made a fairly significant investment in some of the ways that the site works, as well as our other websites, as well as the way that we use to reach consumers using social media and other investments that we've made that are more efficient. So our actual activity is up significantly, both in terms of unique visitors, as well as how long they stay on the site and how many page views they have. So in context, I would say that -- I believe, and certainly our director of social media will tell you that, that's primarily driven by how we reoriented our resources to leverage that, as opposed to inherent demand. But I believe that, I think, both factor in, but I would tend to agree with him that most of it is driven by the efforts we've made and the investments we've made in that area.
Manuel De La Mesa: We don't have it captured that way. We have it by individual product line category. And in the case of equipment, for example, while it's primarily driven by replacement activity, there's some factor or similar, obviously that goes into new construction. But if you bear with me, Anthony, what I would estimate is that of the 15% base business sales growth, I would say probably something in the 12% to 15% range would be maintenance and repair, as well as replacement remodeling. And then it would be a little higher than that, call it more 20% plus tied to new construction. And that new construction, we know, is driven heavily by market share gains with the building materials' product category.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Unfortunately, the market isn't quite as robust for borrowers as it was when we did that back in 2007. So the terms will be a little higher. But having said that, and given the order of the increase of the $100 million everything else, it'll probably be contained to impact us by no more than a $0.01 for 2012.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Two parts. Given the waiting of the Green business in terms of geography, the weather impact there was not as significant on the positive side as it was on the Blue business. And just to make the point, the Green business is heavily weighted towards the west, with the actual network spanning from Texas West to California and up through the Pacific Northwest in the state of Washington. So therefore, when you look at the weather impact there, it was not as big a factor as it was in the Blue business. And therefore, we believe that while certainly there were some benefit certainly in Texas from the weather, it will probably be outperformed from a year-on-year standpoint, the Blue business, in terms of sales growth. With that sales growth plus some of the actions we've taken and the business from SG&A and other elements, we feel that for that business to have a positive contribution this year, albeit modest, is very reasonable at this juncture.
Manuel De La Mesa: Our ability to manage our business, both on the buy and sell side. Execution, a little better. The gradual but ongoing migration to private label products and exclusive products. Those are the major drivers that drive that change.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well part of that is the comparison with the first quarter of 2010. And again, when it's cold and bleak outside, whether it be in Texas or Georgia or Florida, people don't tend to focus so much on their pools. And this year, when the weather was a little better, they did and they ended up replacing some of the equipment that may have otherwise been repaired or replaced one or two or three months later. So I think that's -- they may have used the pool a little more. So that goes into considerations that play into the behavioral change that we saw in the first quarter. Again, part of it is the easy comparison, both weather-wise as well as from a macroeconomic standpoint, we continue to move along overall. There's still no headlines in terms of genuine change. But certainly, if nothing else, consumers are feeling more comfortable in this status quo.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes, for the balance of the year we're looking at mid single-digit, 4% to 6% for the balance of the year.
Manuel De La Mesa: We have ongoing dialogues with a number of people all the time. We primarily waited on the international and Green side of our business. So therefore, that dialogue continues. It's a matter in some cases of the emotional thought process to sell. In some cases, it's more an issue of valuation and then in some cases it's when we look under the covers, we may not be as interested. So in any case -- but that dialogue continues and certainly when we have something of significance, we'll report it.
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Claudia, and thank you, all, again for listening to our first quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for July 21 -- mark your calendars, July 21, same time: 11 o'clock Eastern, 10 o'clock Central, 8 o'clock Pacific. When we will discuss our seasonally most important second quarter 2011 results. Thank you again.
Mark Joslin: Sure, Tom. First of all, I should point out that we have been active in looking at various ways for our consumers to finance pools, and we have a number of financial institutions that we've recommended to our folks and to our customers that they connect with. Most of those are regional in nature. Lending Club was a little bit unique in that they have a more broad, across the U.S. platform, although there is a few states that are excluded. We see this as a very good financial tool for consumers at this point in the banking and housing market recovery, in that it's unsecured product, it's relatively easy to sign up the approval rates that we're seeing for people who apply for these loans as fairly high at around 50%. Volume has been picking up, and we think it'll have a really relatively modest impact, but from a customer standpoint, it's very helpful for our customers when they ask homeowners coming in and looking at the kind of products that they can buy from that customer, whether it's a new pool or above-ground pool or a spa, the bigger ticket items. Pool refurbishment is a very good use for this kind of loan product. It really helps our customer in having that tool available to offer to consumer. And so it's just one more of the types of things that we try to do as a company to help our customers be successful. And we think, again the timing is good for us to be able to promote that a bit to our customers and to homeowners this year.
Mark Joslin: Yes, that will be a little bit of an improvement. But again, it's not -- on the order of magnitude, it's not, maybe a penny or two.
Mark Joslin: I would say given -- well what happened in the first quarter, it probably would be more like 20 to 30, as suppose to -- I'd take the 10 out. I think more 20 to 30 is reasonable.
