Peter Arvan: Yeah. Sure. So, 2023 was no doubt a kind of a crazy year, which followed a couple of years crazy, but for different reasons. So it was -- we had bad weather in the beginning of the year, we had interest rates that continue to rise and that we think put a crimp on new pool construction, which was actually -- is turning out to be lower than what we thought it was when I was talking to you a year ago, and frankly, when we initiated guidance at the beginning of the year. I think new pool construction this year, as I mentioned, is going to be down 30%. I think it depends on the -- that’s an average, right? So I think if you look at entry level pools in some markets, it’s actually down more, and in some cases, significantly more. The flip side is that the higher end pools remain solid. The builders that build the higher end pools for the more affluent people that have less financing connected or no financing connected to, that business is good. So when I look at the steps back and look at the macro economic environment, based on what we see today, I would tell you that, I don’t think new pool construction is going to drop much more. Could it drop a thousand -- a couple of thousand, it could, way too soon to tell because the builders are frankly just putting together their plans and pricing and starting their selling season for next year. But I have talked to many builders in the last couple of months and everybody is fairly optimistic that this year the new pool count is down. They don’t really expect it to fall much more than where it is today. The other comment I would make on the market is on renovation. Renovation is again that plays a little bit of that same pattern, right? The renovations that would require financing are going to be under the most pressure because of interest rates. Now I read the same things that you guys do on interest rates. If there is moderation in interest rates next year, then that will bode well for both new pool construction and for large renovations. Smaller renovations, most of those are paid for in cash and it really doesn’t have a big impact on whether the jobs get done or not. From a maintenance perspective, maintenance is maintenance. It has to happen. The overall desirability of the pool, outdoor living is still very high, people still want pools. There would be more pools being built if they were frankly more affordable. So those that have a pool, like them, use them when the weather is good, then they are in them. If I look back at the beginning of the year, a couple of the headwinds we had was very tough weather in the beginning of the year and we also had some of the inventory hangover from the previous year that was in the channel. So as I look forward, and again, too early to give you a guidance, but I am more optimistic about next year than this year, but I also want to be clear with the setting expectations. I am not looking for a material, it’s -- new pool construction, it’s not going to take off, it’s not going to grow, but I look at the headwinds that we faced, the stability of the market and I remain confident that I think next year will not be another year of down, down, down.
Peter Arvan: I would say that our early buys, Ryan, we are going to participate in early buys as is normal, because now we have created the headroom in the inventory where we can participate. So that certainly helps, and as does the price increases, that will be rolling out effectively next month. So for the first half of the year, I mean, remember, our gross margin, as Melanie said, our gross margins are not consistent quarter-to-quarter. They vary from quarter-to-quarter. So they are generally higher peak in the -- towards the middle of the season and then they come down. What I would also say is, I would draw your attention to the comment Melanie made about gross margins and the inventory drawdown. When you draw down inventory like we did and you are buying less product like we are that’s also going to impact volume related incentives. So we don’t anticipate inventories dropping significantly from where we are, therefore we would expect volume incentives to be more in line with what we would see traditionally. But again, very early. I can tell you, from a macro perspective, we will be participating in early buys, but we will give you guidance on how that should flow through the P&L when we initiate guidance next year.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Thanks, Susan. Good question. The competitive environment today is really no different than it would have been in a similar year in the past. Meaning that it is a -- volumes are down this year. So when we have competitors that and we believe that we have taken share this year, so we have competitors that are probably in rougher shape than we are. But that’s nothing new. We have taken share virtually every year that we have been in existence. We will continue to do that going forward. Now what does that mean for competitive actions? There’s times when we have competitors that do some things that are pretty desperate and when that happens, we have to react. The good news is, is that none of those things have really any staying power. So might we have to react to a certain inventory position that somebody has that they are trying to liquidate, yes. Is there any material amount that makes that sustainable? No. So it’s -- the competitive dynamics today really are in terms of what competitors do in this environment are no different than they have been. I would tell you that we are stronger today than we have ever been. We have more locations. We are opening up more locations. We have more locations already. We are opening more locations than anybody else too and really it comes down to our relentless focus on the customer experience that I think allows us to win.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. No. I think that’s a fair question, Dave. I think the maintenance business should be normal. The only thing that I would tell you, impacted -- we started to see an impact in the fourth quarter that carried a little over into first quarter from a maintenance perspective is the storm in Southwest Florida, but relatively minor from the total company perspective. But when I look at normal demand patterns for everything, I would tell you the maintenance and repair business has the highest predictability and stability, where it gets a little bit subjective is when it comes down to a repair versus an upgrade. So, and again, it really kind of depends on the market that you are talking about. In some cases, repairs may be choice number one. In other cases, repair and replace or replace would be choice number one. But by and large, I don’t really see much different. In fact, I look at it and say that there’s -- as I mentioned in my comments, there’s 70,000 new pools that are in the ground that have to be maintained next year that didn’t exist this year. There was likely some things that were put off this year that next year are going to have to be done. So the good news about a swimming pool in the market is there are certain things that I have to do every week, as you know, as a pool owner. There are some things that I could defer, but you can only defer things for so long when they turn into I’d like to a must have. So that part of the market, we remain confident in.
Peter Arvan: Sure. As I mentioned, we believe that the renovation and remodel business is holding up better than new pool construction and that’s for a couple of reasons. People with pools tend to be more affluent in general than people that are deciding whether they want a pool or not certainly at the entry level. So our survey of the builder community would say, builder remodel community, because most people do both, right? Most of our customers that are builders are also doing remodel. And I think there with probably very few exceptions, our builders would tell you that their remodel business is better than the new construction business. I think there was a bigger backlog in renovation and remodel a year ago, 18 months ago, because of people that were focused on building new, new, new. I think with new pool construction being down 30%. I think the backlog of new pool renovation and remodel has been worked down. But also remember, we -- the industry kind of views renovation and remodel is about 10% of the industry, right? So if you have 5.4 million in-ground pools, there might have been a little more than 10% in pent-up demand and backlog that today may be back down in the 10% range. So that business is good. It was probably a little bit ahead of itself addressing the backlog, now I would tell you that it’s probably back down to more normal and I think that’s good and that’s healthy for the industry. Your question on the technology adoption, again, it comes down to, I guess, during the height of COVID when people were home and they said, hey, I am spending a lot of time. I am staring at a swimming pool with no technology. I want, I want, I want. We saw a big request where I want technology, I want technology. We see with new pool construction, the trend towards higher ticket items and technology is still continuing, right? People are still -- the pools that are being built today still have the new features and the new technology behind it. Oftentimes, when there’s a replacement necessary, again, it is an opportunity for an upgrade. So maybe during COVID, some of the upgrades were pulled forward, meaning the time clock still works, but I’d actually like to do this from my phone versus going out to the pad. So now when there is failures of equipment we still see adoption of the higher tech product, because frankly, it’s just -- it’s a better experience for the consumer. When pumps fail and they are putting in a variable speed pump, there’s still a lot of single speed pumps in the industry that we are working and people weren’t going to change them. But when they do change them, because of the DOE regulations, they are going to variable speed and they are recognizing a significant benefit in their energy cost. The same opportunity exists when it comes to the heaters, high efficiency heaters versus standard efficiency heaters, and cleaners, there’s types of cleaners that are far more efficient. And again, the consumer trends for those products continue, they are -- when people are spending money, those that are replacing most often are replacing for the newer product versus looking at old technology.
Peter Arvan: No doubt, margin is a very important focus area for us. It can be hard to predict when you have a dynamic market that you are playing in, right, with mix -- customer mix, new pool construction, weather, all of those things factor into the overall product mix and the overall customer mix. But rest assured that the drivers behind that, which is a very effective supply chain, a customer product offering that is very desirable, focus on the -- our private label and exclusive brands. a dynamic pricing environment, leaning very heavily into our vertically integrated chemical packaging facility. All of those things help and they are all factored into our long-term plan and our long-term guide. Certainly, as we mentioned, the vendor incentives this year is a -- it’s different this year and a year where you are drawing down inventory, then a year when you are increasing inventory. So a lot of factors go into gross margin. I can tell you that it is a big focus area for the entire business and we believe that will continue to pay dividends for us.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The fourth quarters are seasonally least significant quarter. It also is the quarter that has affected the most in terms of a percentage of the quarter by things like weather. So if the season shuts down early and construction drops off sooner, because it gets cold, it magnifies itself because of the size of the quarter. So I think all we were pointing to is the potential variability.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. So the chemical sales growth that we saw, Andrew, as I mentioned, is a result of a couple of things. So it was a weather neutral quarter, which it’s been a long time since we have been able to say that it’s a weather-neutral quarter and we weren’t saying that it was extraordinary. Now was it hot in -- was it hot in Texas? Yes. It was hot in Texas. But frankly, I have lived in Texas and Texas is hot every summer. So from a weather perspective, we would say neutral. I would tell you that we have been focused on our chemical business and we have been focused on providing our customers with a product offering that is second to none. And with technology tools that allows them to be -- to frankly sell more chemicals and I think that bodes well for us, and we are participating and so I think our ability to take share on the chemical basis is evident within the quarter, and that, as you know, is a focus area for us. So from a margin perspective, when you are talking about our private label and exclusive brands, remember on the chemical side, there’s three different parts of chemicals, right? You have the trichlor part of the business. Remember, we have always said it’s about a third, third, third. You have specialty, you have bouncers and then you have trichlor. On the trichlor, as Melanie mentioned, we did see some deflation on trichlor, but there was offset by some inflation on the other two areas. So, in general, it is margin accretive for us, but it really depends on the chemical trail that you are talking about.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Again, too early to put together an outlook for next year. But if you think back about the themes that we have consistently discussed, that are going to have an impact on our EPS, right? One is we have a relentless focus on growth. Sometimes the market helps you in that area with -- from a demand perspective, but this year, for instance, with new pool construction, it certainly was of no help. In times like that, we lead into other areas like our capacity creation, which is something, again, we didn’t just start this year, we didn’t start it last year, frankly, was something that was started pre-COVID and it’s a good thing we did because that allowed us to ramp up very quickly and handle the surge in business and the increase in activity without adding significant amounts of cost. So from an EPS leverage perspective, obviously, in a business like ours, your biggest leverage points are going to be volume. So we have if we grow more then that certainly helps. Margin is an area too. As we mentioned, gross margin is something that is a focus area for us, it’s an area that we still see opportunity in, and of course, as I mentioned, capacity creation and SG&A leverage is something that we always work on. But at the same time, too, in order for us to provide a best-in-class customer experience in order to provide the best technology tools that requires some investment, too. So we tend to be very long-term focused on our investments and deliver it with where we are investing capital on recognizing that sometimes you spend money this year to reap rewards next year or the year after or the year after. But I think if you look back historically on the investments that POOLCORP has made, that’s one of the things that has allowed us to continue to grow and to continue to expand the operating leverage.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Andrew, I think, it’s really in a lot of areas, right? When you have a demand environment that is markedly different year-over-year, you have competitors that are going to do things, they are going to react, because they need cash and they need to liquidate inventory. So I can’t tell you that it was -- the only place we saw competitive pressure was in chemicals, we saw in chemicals, we saw it in equipment, we have seen it in building materials, and again, the good news is that, those -- none of those are sustainable. Do they cause us to react? Yes. Is there a short-term impact when we have to react on that? Yes. Is anybody better positioned to withstand that? Yes. And frankly, what we really focus most of our attention on is providing the best customer experience so that it doesn’t come down to having to match a desperate price in the market.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I would tell you the probability of that is really low. Let me expand a little upon my comment about the affordability. As I mentioned, I believe on the second quarter call. What we -- where we are seeing the biggest headwind on swimming pool construction in terms of units is in the entry level pools, right? The smaller pools, the cheaper pools, which the builders will tell you that the conversation takes place at the kitchen table to close that deal. Prior to the run-up in interest rates. So for the previous couple of years, when interest rates were very low, a pool could be had for $750 a month to $800 a month and homeowners were signing deals based on that as their monthly payment. But with a significant increase in interest rates, and frankly, less lending in that area in the last 12 months to 18 months, it has driven up the cost -- of borrowing cost and availability of that -- of those funds to build a swimming pool. So that has really taken a chunk out of the lower end pools. As it relates to the higher end pools, which are paid for, as we have mentioned many times in cash, those tend -- those -- the demand for those pools is good. Now it was good before and the builders are telling me that the outlook for that is still strong. So that really is the comment as it relates to affordability of new pools. Now remember, the inflation that we are seeing. So Melanie is talking about, she had mentioned that prices could be up 3% to 4% this year. So 3% to 4% on the rest of the industry on something that is non-discretionary in nature doesn’t really change the demand curve. So if -- and frankly, if the price of a swimming pool, if you said that an equipment set for swimming pool is in the $15,000 range now, if the equipment set came down 5%, which we are not suggesting and I don’t think that’s going to happen at all. In fact, I think, there’s virtually zero chance of that, in my opinion. But if it were, that really isn’t going to change the homeowner’s decision on whether they should start building pool, because in the grand scheme of things, material makes up 25% of the project. So it just isn’t enough to move the needle. It’s really everything else that factors in. And on non-discretionary items, it doesn’t really -- if there was a decline from the manufacturers, which we have had zero indication of, if there were, it wouldn’t change the demand curve for the non-discretionary purchases, because nobody buys any of those items until such time as they need them.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I want to thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year results on February 22, 2024. If we don’t talk to you before then have a very happy and safe holiday season. Thank you.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So, overall, for capital allocation, as we mentioned for the bulk of the year, we would really be looking at share repurchases opportunistically. Certainly, historically, we would expect that this year fourth quarter would continue to be a positive cash flow quarter and so we would have even more cash to spend that we currently have and when you look at just our total capacity on all of our debt arrangements, we have a significant amount of capacity. So really, we are very fortunate from a positioning standpoint that we have the ability to make decisions throughout the quarter to invest in what makes sense whether it be anything related to acquisitions, new sales center openings or continued share buybacks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. Well, it certainly was able to allow us to clear out physical space or pre-buys and make the determination really on a vendor-by-vendor basis, depending upon what their individual incentives were of what we wanted to participate in. And so, I would say, if you had to characterize it compared to 2019, we would say that early buying season was relatively normal and so when you look at what that benefit that might bring for margin for next year, certainly, we will have better color on that once we take a look at what we have received kind of first quarter. We typically will receive early buys either in fourth quarter or first quarter. So we will have a better sense for that when we talk again in February. So the one thing that we did mention that will be slightly ahead of where it has been historically is typically, we would be looking at those kind of one to two price increases in the pre-2019 period, and so for next year, we are looking at those being slightly higher at kind of the 2% to 3% range.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. We are very proud of what we have been able to do on the expense side and it’s a really good indicator of the quality of management and their ability at each individual sales center level to adjust expenses according to the volumes at each location. So as we look forward for next year, we would certainly continue to do that, regardless of whether or not is a significant upswing or just kind of a continued moderating of where we are from a sales standpoint. And so we continue to have work throughout the season, and one of the things that we said earlier on, that we weren’t cutting the base of our expenses, because we wanted to take the opportunity from a volume standpoint and reinvest in our employees in our operational initiatives and our training, and we have been very successful in those things that we wanted to do for this year and so our expectation would be that, that would be a benefit for us as we move forward.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So thank you for acknowledging that we are still consistently stating that our long-term margins will be -- will approximate 30%. When we look at kind of the structural things that made up those margins, we are continuing to benefit from the acquisition-related margins that we did from the Pinch A Penny and Corpus acquisition. And as Pete mentioned in his comments, they are trending overall very well as it relates to kind of compared to the traditional retail market within our industry. We have also seen some benefits from our private label products. That is an area where we would expect to continue to expand as we move forward. We are continuing to add capacity there to serve more of our locations. We have been -- had made great strides in what we have done on our procurement and our logistics and so that continues to provide benefits, as well as pricing. We would say that we are definitely not done from the pricing area. We have some new things that we will talk about when we talk again in February and what we are doing as it relates to pricing. And so really, the only thing this year that will be a little bit out of what we have seen historically is kind of that product mix, particularly as it relates to the building materials. So we are seeing a little bit more of a drag on the new construction on the sell-through of some of those products, which we did talk about that has been a significant growth opportunity for us. So as that normalizes, we would see that, that normalizes as part of our overall longer term margins, and then again, we did also mention the vendor incentives for this year will be less than what they would be in a normalized year.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. That really wasn’t intended to guide one way or the other. I think it was more of just taking a big step back and acknowledging where we are ending up for this year. So, again, as we sit here today, we don’t want to be telling you that sales are down 10%. But it’s really just putting in context of taking out the last two years of extraordinary growth and seeing that from an incremental standpoint, we have certainly accomplished a lot from where we were when we reported 2019 results and so we are proud of the results that we will be presenting to you for this year.
Melanie Hart: So we had 3 to 4 from an equipment vendor standpoint. We are expecting on the -- based on the current run rate on trichlor, we still will have a first quarter and second quarter that we will be lapping some year-over-year pricing. So it could blend kind of within that. We are also still waiting to get kind of final pricing on Horizon. The current look is that, that will probably be something less than what we are seeing on the blue side on the equipment. So we will have a better definitive answer for that when we talk again in February.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. I would say that we don’t quantify each of the individual items specifically. Once we get to the end of the year, we will be better able to quantify kind of the full impact of, specifically, as it relates to the building materials on the margins. The customer mix, that does vary quarter-over-quarter, because you will see from -- depending upon the first quarter or the second quarter, some of those early buy purchases and the shift from a timing from that. So I think that, that definitely impacts the comparison quarter-over-quarter. So those types of things are very hard to in visually at that detailed level assess. Yeah, when we actually -- when we go through the list of things that we talked about today, when we look at margins internally, there’s probably 20 things that we are seeing that fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year and so we are really just trying to kind of narrow it to the things that are more impactful to be able to give you a better picture of what’s going on with the business.
