Melanie Hart: Yes. We would expect that margins in the first quarter would be much more seasonally compared to what we saw in 2023. So I would expect it would be down in the range of that for first quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So typically, we would expect that the top line would return more to like historical seasonal levels and not compared to what we've seen in the last couple of years. But generally, kind of that first quarter is within that 18% to 20% range and then with slightly less overall margins and well-controlled operating expenses, I think it will be a reasonable consistent contribution to overall EPS for the year.
Melanie Hart: For the quarter. Yes, so for the quarter, pricing was - we saw about 1% to 2% for price in the quarter. We thought base business was relatively the same as consolidated because there was very little contribution - meaningful from acquisitions. It was less than 1%. And then on the green side, we did see that it was down 4% in the quarter, so it contributed about negative 1% to revenue in the quarter. And international was - it had - it didn't have a significant impact because it was kind of relatively flat.
Melanie Hart: The price in green was closer to the higher end. So it would have been for the quarter closer to 3. And then - I'm sorry, it will be closer to two with one overall.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So when you look at the guide for next year, you will see kind of that similar formula as what we've always consistently achieved over time. And so specifically, I kind of called out the three areas where we would expect those incremental investments as we move into 2024. As we get kind of out past that, we wouldn't necessarily see those larger fluctuations in the performance-based compensation depending upon how many sales centers we open each year could indicate kind of what that expense burden is in any particular year. And at this point, we would expect that the - for kind of the near term, we would expect that those continuing dollars that we're spending on IT would be part of the expense base as well.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the 1% to 2% weather recovery is really what we're looking at within the high end. And so at the flat revenue base would be consideration of no weather recovery. So normally, when we guide, we're kind of looking for normalized weather, but know that we do have the comps in first and second quarter, where we were impacted more significantly from weather for the year. So it's really kind of within the range, but very hard to predict kind of quarter-over-quarter. We know what the historical impact will be. But as we look forward, the timing - if we get that recovery and when we get it, is a little bit out of our hands at this point.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So for first quarter, actually, we're very much on pace to what we would expect. The uptick in first quarter is really us to be prepared from a stocking level for the selling season. So - but we would see that the level of increase from the year-end to first quarter would be really kind of consistent with historical levels. And as we look across the network, we internally as part of our capacity creation initiatives, we do continually strive to reduce overall inventories at our kind of existing sales centers. And then the flip side to that is we also continue to bring in new products to those sales centers as well. So when you look at kind of our overall target by the end of this year, certainly from a days sales on hand standpoint, we would expect to see a couple of days improvement, and that would really be offset by the mix of additional SKUs that we're carrying and in lower levels because of improved supply chain.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the investments in tech are largely the ones that Pete described. So it's continuing to build out our POOL360 suite of service. It's the water test as well as the service software. We're definitely going to go into some more robust discussion on that at our upcoming Investor Day.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So weather overall for the fourth quarter was fairly favorable, so not a significant change over last year. The first quarter is definitely determined by the weather in March as we saw last year. So certainly, we'll look for that to see how the - how we fall within the range for the quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So when you look at the first quarter, if you look kind of historically, you'll kind of see our contribution - revenue contribution within a relative range is fairly consistent. So I would probably exclude from that 2020 just because there was kind of a lean towards the later portion of the year. And so with that, we've talked about margins for first quarter being less than last year. So that will have an impact on the overall ultimate EPS for the quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So overall, when you look at the fourth quarter, it was kind of relatively consistent in contribution to the third quarter when you look at the components with a little bit less on the inflation side and Horizon because of the seasonal nature of their business, it had a slightly higher negative impact on the fourth quarter than it did in the third quarter.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the component as it relates to the performance compensation, we record that as a percentage of operating income. So that will follow our overall normal seasonality. As it relates to the new sales center investments, you would see really a good bulk of that will happen preseason with the remaining amount happening in the season. So we typically try to focus on opening these new sales centers either in the first or the fourth quarter generally. And as it relates to the technology investments, we are continuing to add resources. So you'll see some investments in the first quarter and then that will ramp up through the rest of the year.
Melanie Hart: Yes, '17 seems a little bit high to me. That was - even with the worst weather in March, that would seem, say, a little bit on the high end. So I don't know if quite have that broader range.
Melanie Hart: Yes. I think probably towards your high end of the range to kind of midpoint depending upon what the weather looks like in March would be a reasonable expectation. And again, we'll know more once we get to March.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. As we were trying to put together our guidance for the year, obviously, the beginning of last year, we came out a bit stronger because we didn't contemplate the number of interest rate increases that we were going to see in the size of those rates and the impact that, that was going to have on construction. So as I - as we look at guidance for this year. If I step back and I break the business down into the 60% of our business kind of the maintenance and repair, that's going to go. We get a little better with that business every year. We provide better service. We take a little bit of share. The biggest impact that's going to be felt in that area is the - is what the weather can do to us, right? So if the weather is better, pools open sooner, that business will shine for us. If it's slower for the year or if the weather turns less favorable, then that's going to have a negative impact. As we look through the first six weeks of the year - I guess, we're seven weeks of the year so far, it's really kind of the inverse of what we saw last year. So last year's first quarter weather was better in the beginning and then March was very tough. I mean California already this year has had over 12 inches of rain. So I think we're - we wanted to make sure that we were appropriately conservative with our outlook, given the uncertainties on weather. And as I look at and the impacts on the maintenance and repair business and I would also tell you, as I look at the two semi-discretionary and discretionary parts of the business, with new pool construction being the topic that most people want to talk about is, I don't think the economic conditions are really going to change all that much until probably we get through this year and get through the election cycle. So I can't really say that I believe that if the Fed cuts interest rates in the third quarter of the year by 0.25 point that the HELOC rate, which is approximately 12% now that - somebody that needed financing for a new pool that 0.5% or 0.25% rate reduction. So 11.75% or 11.5% would say, okay, I'm totally in now, I'm going to build that pool. So I think we're just looking for the demand environment as it relates to new pool construction to be fairly consistent. The more affluent buyers that are less subject to financing, that business will be good. We think the average price of the pool is going to increase because of the slanting of the business that way. And on the renovation and remodel, the phenomena that's going on there is, as I mentioned in my comments, every year, the - about 10% of the homeowners are pool owners decide - think about, "Hey, should I be doing a renovation?" Renovations now could be in the $20,000 to $30,000 range depending on what you're doing. So I think what we're seeing is some of our builders saying - remodeler are saying, okay, maybe we can do this in stages because there is still a big impact of borrowing costs on those larger renovation products. So I think normal maintenance products, pumps, filters, cartridges, chemicals, that business is good. We are investing in improving our value proposition, making it easier for our customers to do business with us and providing an exceptional focus on customer experience. I think that's good. If I look at our portfolio of products on building material for the renovation and remodel and I look at our expansive network of design centers and building materials, I think that's going to be good, but we have to play the cards we're dealt in terms of what the demand environment is going to be for new pools. So overall, I think we viewed the year in context of what we got for the first six weeks of weather and what the ongoing economic environment looks like.
Peter Arvan: Sure. The competitive environment is interesting in any industry and that depending on the level of overall demand usually dictates how competitive the environment is. So in coming off of the year that we had in 2023 and the beginning of 2024, it is - I would tell you, there's nothing that we see that we haven't seen before. In the slower months, right, when a demand environment isn't that good, we see competitors doing what some would consider to be desperate things. But there - we view those as short term in nature because nobody is more efficient than we are. Nobody has a better cost position than we do. So when we see competitors go in and offer ridiculous deals, we know that it's - in many cases, it's out of desperation and it's nothing that is sustainable. And unfortunately, our customers know that, too. So we tend to focus on, as always, being the best provider in the market, being the easiest to do business with and making sure that we are attentive to our customers' needs instead of worrying about how much product we can sell them. We try and worry about how they're doing and how we can help them grow their business and how we can help them be more productive, which is driving a lot of the investments we're making certainly on the technology side. Those tools are designed specifically to make our customers more productive and to help them grow faster and we hope that by doing that, that we'll grow right along with them as opposed to just figuring out if I can get an order today from a customer. So we have a much longer-term view and therefore, invest and act accordingly. The second part of your question was about share gains, I think. And I would tell you we believe that we gained share again in 2023. We are quite confident of that given the data that we have access to. And we see it every day. Now we have to compete every day, right? We have to compete every day, and we have to make sure that we provide that unparalleled service. But I think given that we continue to provide new resources for our customer and that we continue - I've got 6,000 people that wake up every day and want to make sure that we are the best provider, the best partner for our customers and the best channel to market for our suppliers, and that is a tremendous force. That is a tremendous force and a huge differentiator. So I don't really think about the share gains that we've had with the fear that we may give them back. Rather, we're focused on deliberately working to be the best provider in the market, so that we continue to get those opportunities to enjoy more business from our existing customers and to make new friends along the way.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think what we have on our hands is and our advantage is time, right? And that is that we're not in it for the short term. And we know that those products will be necessary. So you can only defer - I mean if you have a pool, you need somebody to clean the pool or you need an automatic cleaner or you need both in most cases. So those semi-discretionary things. And if people - if there's a normal replacement cycle for a heater, right, or there's normal replacement cycle for a cleaner or those more discretionary purchases, there comes a time when they're no longer discretionary and that we have to do it. So do I think that there was some pull forward in the demand on those products? I absolutely do. Do I think that every month that goes by, we get a little closer to being back to the normal replacement cycle on those products? I absolutely do. I also think at the same time, there - the technology improvements that the manufacturers are driving on those products also make them more desirable. So I think that - I can't tell you exactly the month of point of inflection where heater split. I can tell you that we have markets now that are flipping where the demand is higher, we stopped shrinking in demand and we're now starting to grow again. Is that universal across the board? No. Is it going to happen? Yes. It just takes time for us to cycle through for the consumers to get a little more comfortable with the elevated inflation and their consumer spending that pressures that they see across their entire spend. But I think that this is an area that there was a pull forward. I think we're starting to lap that, and we'll be back to growth on those products in the not-too-distant future. I just can't tell you exactly what month that's going to have.
Peter Arvan: Yes. As we said, Dave, we're trying to invest in our capabilities, which will allow us to keep growing for many, many years to come. The technology platforms that we are investing in are real - they're real differentiators for us, but they take investment. So we know that we're going to spend ahead of the benefits on that. So early on, I would expect that if I looked at that ratio on technology, I'm going to spend more in the beginning that I'm going to get back, but I'm going to get that back in the outer years. And that's really the way investing in technology cycles would work for us.
Peter Arvan: Our inventory management is one of those functions that is we treat like continuous improvement. We look at inventory at the individual sales center. We look at it at the market level. And we're always looking for ways to be more efficient and making sure that we do the best job representing our supplier partners to take those new products to market. So I think last year, we demonstrated a tremendous ability to deliver on our commitments and manage inventory, and we'll do that this year as well in line with what the volume activity is.
Peter Arvan: Well, I think we've added more things to the deck in terms of what our contribution is. I think the technology platforms that we are working on today, as I said, the way the cycles work as you - actually you invest ahead of those things. And if I go back a couple of years and I looked at what we were doing from a technology perspective and where we are today and where we're investing money, the deck is actually very different. At the same time, as I mentioned in my comments, we are also relentlessly focused on our productivity initiatives across the branches, looking at all of our controllable expenses and also our capacity creation initiatives. But there's a couple of things, too. If I look at the rent levels today versus what they were a couple of years ago, the rental rate renewals that we are seeing are significant. If I look at the labor costs today that we are seeing as compared to a couple of years ago, they are significant. But I think the business is doing a very good job digesting those increases by continually focusing on capacity creation. But as I look at operating margin, it's a longer view. So I don't look at it and say, "Wow, I have to make sure that I get exactly to what we did last year or a little bit better this year because if I did that, then I would probably forego our ability to invest in longer-term programs." Our view is that we're going to be here for the long haul. We're not going anywhere. We're the biggest industry - or biggest company in this industry, which we believe has very good long-term growth characteristics. So when we invest, we invest for the long term. So am I concerned that our level of spending this year is up? No, I'm not because I think if you look at where we're investing that money and what the longer-term returns are for the business, I think it's a very wise investment. And I think we would be shortsighted if we said, okay, we got to stick to that ratio every year because I think we would pigeonhole ourselves and inhibit our ability to grow over the long term.
Peter Arvan: I think if you look at our history on operating margins, I mean, if new pool construction was back up to 120,000 units, all things considered, I think we could be back in close to the numbers that we saw at our peak. Obviously, a lot of variables to consider. But the structural fundamentals of the business are there, the company's ability to execute and history of delivering on those things is there. So obviously, volume is our largest lever in terms of operating margin improvement. So if the volume comes back because new pool construction goes through the roof and renovation goes through the roof, then I would certainly expect our operating margins to expand at a rapid rate.
Peter Arvan: Sure. Now just keep in mind that that's the smallest part of our business. So the beginning of the year is always show season, right? So I have spoken to hundreds of customers over the last several weeks since the beginning of the year. I guess, Mike, the way I would describe their sentiment is, by and large, the group is very optimistic, but cautious. So I didn't meet anybody that said it's doom and gloom. I think your stronger dealers are getting stronger. I think some of the weaker dealers are feeling it worse than others. But if I look at the dealer base as a cohort for new pool construction and renovation and remodel, they're optimistic but cautious. I don't think anybody believes that there's anything structural in the economy that is going to drive a huge resurgence in new pool demand until the monetary policy changes and access to affordable lending improves.
Peter Arvan: So let me try and answer the first part, I think I got it right. If not, come back, I mean, I didn't answer your question. On deferrals, I would tell you, nothing really new. I don't expect people to say, "Oh, I'm more cautious this year than I was last year." I think people are still appropriately cautious. So I don't expect anything to change really from a deferred maintenance perspective. And on the desirability of the new products, I spend a lot of time, as you can imagine, talking to our customers and also to our manufacturers, suppliers, partners who also spend a lot of time talking to the dealers and technology is still very important. If you talk to the dealers that are building pools today, very few pools are being built without any technology. Almost everybody is opting for some level of automation, sometimes more than others. But if I look in general compared to what it was several years ago, it's significantly better. Do I think that's going to materially jump this year? No. I think those products are still very desirable and they'll continue to gain share. But I don't - Andrew, I wouldn't look for a step function change in the - if I look at 10 pieces of equipment that were sold or 100 pieces of equipment that are sold to say that this year, a huge percentage more will be going to the higher end. I think that will continue to slowly gain share.
Peter Arvan: Obviously, you know, March is a much more important month for us than January, and it grows sequentially through April, May and June. So it would be great if March was - March had fantastic weather, right? Because I had a choice of getting - having great weather in March or great weather in January, I'd take it in March.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think you really - you have to go deeper than just seasonal and year-round. Garik, I think you got to look at specific markets, like - so Florida had a very strong quarter and year in 2022. So the comps in Florida are going to be very tough in the beginning of the year, and then we'll more even out. So if I look at California, California's issue was weather early in the year. But from a new construction perspective, I don't see much changing out there compared to what we saw this year, given the general economic environment, the demand curve is going to be fairly stable. I don't look for a big improvement there. If I look at Texas and Arizona, they'll be fairly stable. Seasonal markets, I think all things considered weather included, we'll probably do okay this year. I think that they had a bigger correction sooner, but it's still very early to tell.
Peter Arvan: Joe, it's just so hard to say given the - if you look at the relative size of March compared to like - compared to January, and the uncertainty that we've seen on weather, I think your minus 17 is very much at the high end. But I think that the overall demand environment is still solid. It's just a question of when does the season open. So I don't know that I would overcorrect on anything.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on April 25, when we will release our first quarter 2024 results. We also look forward to hosting our Investor Day on March 19, where we will dive deeper into our long-term strategies and financial growth initiatives. Additional details for this event will be announced later today. Thanks, and have a great day.
