Robert Mehrabian: I think, it might be somewhere between 12 million to 15 million, because it depends on the taxes that we have to pay there and we know what the cost basis is, but the taxes are going to be higher than our normal taxes that we have for the company, because it is a real estate gain.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Jim. I think instruments will be down in the second quarter versus last year as it was in the first quarter primarily due to oil and gas and then it will flat in the remainder of the year. The bottom-line if you go to digital imaging we think we’ll get a little uptick for the remainder of the year we could be up in the single-digit. A&D which is our aerospace and defense for the full year should again be in the single-digit probably about 7%. Engineer systems I think will be flat, but instruments could be down for the whole year as much as 10%. So we’ll end the year may be a little down year-over-year, may be a percent or two.
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall our margins are going to be relatively flat for the year maybe we’ll get a little uptick, it could be as high as lets us say 50 basis points, but it is going to be pretty complex year if you see our segment margins that would be different from operating margin for the whole company, because in the segments, we'll take the charges and then in the operating of the whole company reflect the gain. So, I would say flat to 50 basis points in the bottom-line.
Robert Mehrabian: I think in general we have in our communication businesses especially in electronic warfare we’re seeing some strength both in the US government, but also foreign governments. For example, we do have a fairly sizeable program with the South Koreans for their missile defense systems. Also as you know we have the program, this SWSC's ph] program for the shallow water combat system that is coming along really well and we're entering production now. And then finally, I would say in some of our satellite communication programs and some of our other programs related to space, we’re seeing some increases. Logistics agencies really have begun increasing their procurement, so that’s helping that.
Robert Mehrabian: It is, but it also draws some products from other segments as well, including marine for example. But also we’ll probably be providing some other sensors for that system from all of our segments as we do most of the engineered systems, Chris use this product from other groups such as we have this letter from combat ship frontline interrogation using our gliders while the sales brought up engineered systems, the gliders are made in our marine program. They have the system integrators for a lot of this product.
Robert Mehrabian: That’s a good question Jim. I think the defense market has stabilized. I don’t see a big upside at this time. On the other hand, we are switching a lot of our products from other businesses into defense to give you one specific example, we’re suffering in our interconnect technologies in oil and gas. We have the prime position on how penetrators for electric and optic communication for example in submarines both Virginia class and the next set that will become a long Ohio class. And so in those areas we might increase some content by making the acquisitions, but by and large, I think our defense portfolio is fairly well-balanced at this time, is somewhat I see.
Robert Mehrabian: In the aerospace side, I think we track between the predominant position in the areas that we play in specifically in data acquisitions and then ability to wirelessly send the data to operating centers of the airlines. There are and then many acquisitions in the domain for us. The couple of people that compete with us are larger companies. And I don't think they would want to divest this. And so I think Chris, if we find something obviously we buy, but right now we don't see an opportunity for acquisitions Chris in that domain.
Robert Mehrabian: As you tell this one. Everything that I know says that the bottom we pretty much in the bottom. I think from a Teledyne's perspective, year-over-year comparisons with the low. We don't see some negative comps in Q2. But do - that for we should flat enough. All the people that discuss oil and gas are saying in 2017 prices should be somewhere between $50 and $60.If that were to happened, then I think we'll get some uptake in our business as, because concurrent with that there is some increase in subsea Christmas Tree which grow on top of well heads and amount of pool. Also there will be some land based investment in oil and gas and all of those would help us greatly. What has happened in the industry because of the downturn people have really lowered their prices operating and production and drilling expenses. And a lot of the areas that we are familiar with whether it's land based whether it's offshore midwater or Deepwater. All of the breakeven prices have come significantly down. And we think in those kinds of price ranges things will start picking up slowly, but they'll pick up.
Robert Mehrabian: Not directly, but you saw Halliburton's earnings yes they're they. And of course their land based services business are done and overall drilling in the past year and half has gone from we have the - I think about 1900 range out there mostly land based that down to 400. So the effect for us is been indirect, so the combination would not have affected this that I know.
Robert Mehrabian: So, you're right, George. I think it's a healthy book-to-bill, but remember this is better than anyone. When you have a book-to-bill you measuring it against current billings. And our current billings as you see are not that vibrant. So in aerospace and defense you're very correct. I think in some of this is the longer-term, but nevertheless having said that once, we get through Q2, I think we're going to seeing some uptake in everything in our company.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah growing. I think we can grow, what's happening is that we are fortunate in that we have been investing in our product and what does happen is that, because people are reducing cost and we have reduced cost for example in Q2 how we reduced that cost very significantly in that area. Yes, as markets we see, we have increased content, we have new product and we think that that will improve we have programs that have to do with high reliability underwater program. We also have last year we have this year more but last year we have $15 million of sponsored research on our oil and gas customers for underwater product development. So, we think we can enjoy that. If we can do okay at oil at the $40 plus. The other thing is this not going to move the needle for the company as much anymore because as I indicated before oil and gas now is only about 10% of our portfolio. Where we'll then gain share is introducing products from our connectors and other things in oil and gas in our defense market. So we didn't expect.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the share count will go up a little bit maybe a little over 35, maybe 35.3 for the full year. Right now we are not planning, at this time any share buyback. Because we have a fairly nice channel of acquisitions [indiscernible] acquisitions. Our preference always is George to buy businesses. And our stock is higher - when we last time we brought our stock it was in the $72 to $74 range. And now it's closer to what about $92 and I haven't look at it really. But so the gain you get from the share buybacks is decreased. If we spend a $100 million at the stock plus that they certainly buy or so it would benefit to $0.60 in earnings today that would benefit to $0.11 in earnings. So it's also diminishing business plus as I said our preference is to buy business. So I think share count will up a little bit partially because now some of our options will also be kicking in.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, Mark has a lot to do with this Howard. It's some of this like the CARIS acquisition we've been at that point for over two years. And it's a perfect - it's not oil and gas. It's hydrographic survey that people used them to make charts for all commercial as well as military open water travel. But on the other the protocols we would like you to that they came along and we have that optionality from LeCroy. We have others in the hopper, the problem is Howard that as you will know some of these businesses that we buy actually all the ones that we brought a private business. And it has a lot to do with the individuals at start of the business and growing it whether it's time for them to take some chips off the table. I'm hoping that this will continue, but we have a lot in the hopper, but I don't know it will close; part of it is what we willing to pay and. and as you well known you've known this for a long time. We are not likely to pay our [indiscernible] amount for acquisitions. Because they would not be accretive. So I think luck has a lot to do with it.
Robert Mehrabian: I think our balance sheet is in really good shape right now. Right now we're below 2 in that EBITDA. And if we don't do anything that will go out by themselves. I think we can move up to 2.5, Howard that's kind of our internal matrices that we've setup. And the other thing is some of our debt is of course not line of credit. It comes to over certain period. And we've been fortunate enough to spread that over many years. So none of it comes to at once. So I think we have a lot of dry powder. I would say $500 million $600 million if we have to use it we would.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. Wanted to ask Robert, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but if I look at the book-to-bill of 1.2 easier comps and growth, and hurt the growth outlook on the revenue segment business. You really feel like this could be a bottom here across each of the segment maybe instrumentations will weak. But as I look at the aerospace I mean 8% growth year-over-year. I mean as far as I can see that I think that's largest year-over-year growth and at least 3 years.
George Godfrey: Okay. And you talked about the price oil getting back to $50 and $60 and how that helps the breakeven. And talking adjacent and when you brought some of these instrumentation business as the price of oil was closer to $35. So if have to be in this 40-ish range call it not over 50. And that still be a profitable growing business moving away from '16 into '17.
George Godfrey: And last question, recognizing that Q2 will have a lot of moving parts and hoping to reduce some little complexity. Guidance for the quarterly EPS and then for the full year. What are you assuming on the share count? I noticed the share count down about $500,000 here from Q4 to Q1 with no buybacks according to the press release.
