Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Tom, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: In Q4, our end markets were as follows. We had about 32% the U.S. government in sales, about 28% in U.S. commercial sales, and the remainder, or 40,% in international sales. We think probably next year, we would have an organic growth of low single digits, maybe 2% to 3%, maybe a little bit more. We expect that U.S. sales will -- in the government businesses will decline as we consolidate more of our businesses there, especially in electronic manufacturing services.
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the first half, we probably will have something similar to what we had in the last quarter, probably. If not we have 2 quarters, so it would be about $4 million in that range. What we're doing there, Tyler, is we've already begun relocating our major electronic manufacturing services from Los Angeles area partially to another facility in California in where we make relays, solid state and mechanical relays. And the remainder of it, the majority of it is going to our main Lewisburg, Tennessee facilities. And that will happen probably by summertime, we should complete that transition.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, like I said, we don't have -- that system went live around Christmas time. It's an optical system that's sitting at the bottom of the ocean at about 1300 meters depth or about 4,000 feet. The system seems to be operating all right. We -- 99-plus percent of our sensors are working properly, but it's probably going to take another month, 1.5 months before our customer is able to analyze all the data and be able to give some report on it. But so far it seems to be doing okay.
Robert Mehrabian: First half may be a little too early, but I can tell you that if that system is operational, over the long term, it should provide a really good complement to our other products that we make for oil production and oil exploration. This is a very small area that's covered and we -- if the tests work out, that should be pretty good. We also have another customer, other customers I should say, that we're making systems for reservoir monitoring, different types of systems, but they're also in tests right now.
Robert Mehrabian: We -- I think every thing is stabilizing there. We might have a slight decline in the March quarter, but it's not -- we don't view that as a serious -- as I mentioned, Jim, the High Definition Oscilloscopes that were introduced by LeCroy are really gaining market share and doing very well, so any fallout in some of the other businesses that they have or other products that they have should be partially offset with those new products, which are selling very well.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We have a major customer overseas that -- in the vision system area that we had a delivery in 2011 in the fourth quarter, a significant delivery, which didn't occur in the fourth quarter of 2012. Overall, the machine vision system is relatively flat, maybe up a little bit. Where we had the decline was in the government R&D segment, which as you know, we don't take any profit in that segment. Overall, the segment did very well. More importantly to us, in the area of very high-end space-based sensors and systems, we are gaining traction with proprietary customers where we have now increased our revenues to about $20 million a year, and we have significant orders going forward.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it depends on which area of the world you're looking at. I think in the Americas, things are relatively weak, not really improving that much. We're more confident in what is happening in Europe, maybe a little more recovery also in Asia, even though Asia is relatively volatile. The one area that I didn't mention earlier where we are seeing some significant improvement is in our CMOS x-ray sensors for dental and surgical imaging applications, real-time surgical imaging applications. There, we're seeing significant improvement in revenues.
Robert Mehrabian: Q4, I said they were 40% above. I can't dig out Q3. International sales were about 40%. Government sales were about 32%.
Robert Mehrabian: Jeremy, government sales for year-over-year, or just the total year, were down about 4% to 5%. International sales were up about 7%, and these are organic. And U.S. commercial went down about 2%. All organic numbers that I'm quoting.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think partially, we're a little more bullish than previously for a good reason. And that's because our portfolio is different as we go from year-to-year. We have a much better-balanced mix of businesses as I indicated before and -- kind of better balanced both in terms of technology as well as end customers. So it's unlikely that all of our customers, internationally, domestically and government, all of them would go down all at the same time. So having said that, we are not bullish about the U.S. government revenues going forward. We have been posturing our company with the last 6 years for just such eventuality that we're facing today. Our government sales have gone down significantly. They're just north of 30%. I expect -- to answer your question directly, I expect them to go down again next year. We -- about 10 years ago, we had 16% of our business was in electronic manufacturing. Next year, I expect after the consolidation, that will drop down to about 5%. So the government businesses are going to be under pressure, especially the defense businesses. Now I don't know what sequestration would do if it were to happen. It'll affect us somewhat, but remember, we only get about 22% of our profit from U.S. government businesses, and some of those are, of course, NASA businesses. In terms of International businesses, we expect to see some growth there, maybe 1% or 2% above where we are, which is 40% now, and U.S. commercial businesses, probably low-single digits. I don't know whether that helps you, Jeremy.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start at the very end, which is the risk in the portfolio. The risk in the portfolio, as I indicated and as you, more than anybody else, is cognizant of, is in the government, especially in defense, government defense businesses, and we're taking care of that by just consolidating facilities both in Los Angeles and in Northern California. We've already consolidated one facility, and we're in the process of doing 2 more. Going to the acquisition front, we're going to be consistent on that. Our investments are going to be in instruments. In the instruments domain, obviously, where we are very excited about is our Marine businesses, Underwater Imaging businesses and now of course, our test and measurement platform around LeCroy. In the Digital Imaging businesses, we intend to expand that business with opportunistic acquisitions. We have probably collectively spent somewhere around $600 million to $650 million in that domain, and we'll make more investments there. In terms of multiples, our average multiple that we paid for businesses heretofore has been 8.7x EBITDA. Sometimes we've gone up, sometimes below, but generally, that's where we are. We're fortunate that after 2 or 3 years, when those businesses are on your portfolio, what we've end up looking at what we paid for it's closer than 6 to 7 rather than 8.7. And that's how we prove our margin.
Robert Mehrabian: It could be, Mark, it could be as much as $0.05, maybe $0.05, $0.06 in earnings, but maybe $1.5 million -- but that's less than $0.05, $1.6 million. That's offset, of course, Mark, with our relocation and consolidation. We still have severance costs that we have to address as well as relocation cost of a major facility.
Robert Mehrabian: I think most of it is transferred. We expect some uptick also in terms of new business as we consolidate those facilities. But most of it is transferring work from California to Lewisburg.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question, Mark. We have a policy in the company replenishing the pension with equal to the outflow in terms of payments made to retirees. Last year -- and that is about $41 million to $42 million a year. What we did last year in the $62 million plus is $42 million of that was going to replenish what we paid out. The rest of it, the $20 million, we made an offer to people who are vested in our pension but have left the company but are not yet retired. So they're not receiving pension. We made an offer to them, if they wanted to, we would use government rate calculations as appropriate and pay them their pension in one lump sum. And a number of people selected to do that. That, of course, decreases our long-term liability when we can do that. So that was about $20 million, $22 million. This year's $83 million, Mark, really is based on the following: we're replenishing the 41542 that we will be paying out this year, but we also put the money forward for next year, 2014, which is the same amount. Partially, we did that because with the decline in the discount rate and the liability going up, we wanted to get our pension funding up in the 90-plus percentile to ensure that we didn't have too much of a headwind from pension in our earnings per share. As it is, we have about $0.15 of earnings per share headwind.
Robert Mehrabian: I think 2 things. First, because we had such a strong growth in our marine instrumentation for oil and gas especially, we had going forward from -- where in Q3 our margins there -- in Q3 our bookings there were 1.3 to a little more. So we had a great quarter because we have really good bookings in quarter 3. In quarter 4, our bookings have gone down to more of a historical normal, which is about 1, maybe a little bit below 1 right now as we're looking at it. So what I expect would happen next year, if you look at the whole year in the margins for the instrumentation segment, it's about 18%. We expect that to go down a little bit in the first quarter because LeCroy, as you know, as an acquisition, we have a lot of intangible amortization there. And so our margins will go down the first quarter, closer to 15%, 16%, but then it will pick up the rest of the year and probably end up the year around 17.5-or-so percent.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, this year, we ended up full year at about 18%, 18.2%. We expect that next year, we'll end up -- to say what the margins are a year in advance, I'm kind of have a lot of assumptions in there. But right now, we're looking at 17.5% for the full year, but increasing sequentially every quarter. The problem there, as I indicated, is it reflects full year of LeCroy in our instrumentation portfolio. While LeCroy's EBITDA is pretty good and is kind of consistent with the rest of our instrumentation businesses, we do have a significant amount of amortization and also depreciation there. So that we will be experiencing full year of LeCroy, whereas this year we only had 5 months of LeCroy. So actually, if you look at our amortization across all of our businesses, we don't do adjusted earnings, but if we were to do adjusted earnings, we'd have another $0.53, $0.52 of earnings from just amortization. So I think that's what you're seeing.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, you're correct. Our -- if you looked at our 2012 EBITDA, it's about $320 million. So -- and about 15.2%. So that's another way of looking at it. But we don't, as I said, we don't do adjusted earnings at Teledyne.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the Engineered business -- Systems business, there are 2 or 3 big programs. The first one is the one that we're not really recognizing revenue or profit from, and that is the high-resolution Earth imaging system that we have an agreement with NASA to put on the International Space Station. That's a multiuser system for looking at the Earth, and we -- that will come to fruition probably 1.5 years out, and we're building the instruments for that. We're building both from using our own stuff here at Scientific & Imaging but also other people's instruments. And we are -- so that's one. The other one is, of course, the shallow water vehicle which we're in development program now, and the engineering development will last until the middle of 2014. And that's about $42 million, but after that, we'll go into production on that system, and that's going well. The last one is we are the prime on Objective Simulation program for missile defense that essentially permits us to develop for the government missile scenarios and be able to do modeling of all aspects of missile defense. And that program is an over-$500-million program. It's a multiyear program. And our expectations are that, that will keep us stable. The only thing that we are obviously cognizant of is any effect of sequestration on our business. And a part of the 4.3% that I mentioned in reduction in our workforce is actually in our Systems Engineering business. We've had to take some serious cuts there in order to lower our rates to remain competitive.
Robert Mehrabian: Marginally, very little. What's happened to us -- we're talking about $500,000 which doesn't move our needle much. But I'll take all I can get there, because that's been a tough road for us. And if that goes the way we think it might, our only hope is to just kind of keep on with the Objective Simulation Framework because a lot of our Systems Engineering, their technical assistance programs have essentially disappeared. We used to get tens of millions of dollars in that, but I think going forward, we'll be estimating $6 million to $7 million a year. So I'm not very gung ho on missile defense, especially when you heard the discussion with Vladimir about our accommodations.
Robert Mehrabian: I have the fourth quarter numbers in front of me. It's about $1.8 million. The first-- I don't know how much we had in the beginning of the year, but I do know in the next 2 quarters, we'll have -- each quarter, we'll have an equivalent amount, maybe a little more.
Robert Mehrabian: All right. The Instrumentation businesses should go up a reasonable amount, partially because LeCroy acquisition would be annualized. So I would say year-over-year, they'll be probably up about 15%. Now, in terms of organic, my guess is probably in the lower-single digits. In the Imaging businesses, I'm going to say we expect about 5% growth at this time. And in the Aerospace and Defense businesses, probably expect 5% to 6%. And in the Engineered System businesses, we expect some decline.
Robert Mehrabian: Growth. It's partly because if we can get this consolidation behind us, it's the second half of the year. The first half, we're going to have some decline, because I think there's going easier comps, too, going forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Initially, our margins are going to go down to -- in the first quarter because of -- we allocate both pension to the segments and also because of the restructuring that we're doing. But throughout the year, I expect that our margins will increase. I'm hopeful that we'll end the year with maybe a little better margins than we had this year. We're going to work very hard to do that, of course. And that's how we kind of keep that momentum in our earnings. If we hit the $4.42 to $4.46 that we're guiding, that will be our 12th consecutive year of earnings growth. So that would be really good if we can do that.
