Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jason and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. For the second consecutive quarter, we achieved all-time record sales, earnings per share and free cash flow. Likewise, full year 2019 was by any measures a record year. Each of sales, earnings, GAAP operating margin and free cash flow were all-time records.Fourth quarter and full year sales increased 11.5% to 9%, respectively. Organic growth for both periods also exceeded 4% including some modest currency headwinds, about 0.6% in Q4 and about 1% headwind for the full year 2019. In addition, for both the fourth quarter and full year, GAAP operating margin expanded just under 120 basis points.Fourth quarter earnings were $3.06 exceeding $3 per share for the first time, an increase of 24.9% compared to last year. While we have increased our emphasis on margin improvement, we are continuing our proven strategy of disciplined capital deployment for compound growth in earnings and cash flow.In 2019, we deployed $484 million on complementary acquisitions and earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of OakGate Technology, a software and hardware company focused on the test, validation and operating performance of solid state electronic storage media. This is our third bolt-on acquisition for Teledyne LeCroy and allows Teledyne to provide a complete set of protocol analysis software and hardware used from the design of new data storage devices to the use of such devices in hyperscale cloud storage networks.Teledyne continues to benefit from our balanced portfolio of common technologies serving different complementary markets. We begin to 2020 with growth in our defense businesses expected to offset declines in sales of OEM avionics. Marine instrumentation continues to recover with growing sales, but also with orders having exceeded sales for the sixth consecutive quarter. In digital imaging, we expect that to see continued strength in certain high-growth markets like microelectromechanical systems or MEMS and a modest recovery in certain commercial machine vision markets such as the semiconductor industry.Given the short cycle nature of our environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation businesses, at this point we are only projecting low single digit GDP like organic growth. Finally, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with a quarter-end leverage ratio of 1.4x and we are continuing to pursue acquisition opportunities.Before turning the call to Al, I want to emphasize that all of our financial results this morning are reported on a GAAP basis, with no adjustments for amortization, stock compensation, acquisition charges, purchase accounting, restructuring or other charges.Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Greg, if you are ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Andrew. Let me start with marine. I think our orders in marine were significant this year. We ended the year with about 1.1 in terms of the book-to-bill. It's been a good run. The oil prices hovered between $55 and $65 for brent and a lot of deepwater production is profitable below $50. So we are seeing both improvements in our seismic activities for oil exploration as well as long term oil production contract. We think that in 2020 marine would have increased revenues in the range of about 6.6% versus 4% in 2019.Now, continuing with the second part of your question, which is why we have organic growth less than 4% or so. This year, we achieved about 4.4%. We are projecting between 3% and 3.5% for next year. That's primarily affected by 737 MAX. It impacts our revenues by 1%. That's our best guess right now, which is equivalent to about $30 million. We anticipated that we would have revenues of over $40 million, maybe as much as $45 million and because of the delays that you are very familiar with we expect that that would be down about, effect our revenue about 1% or $30 million.Having said that, I think it's important to note that given that hit that we are taking in our revenue because of our balanced portfolio even in the aerospace and defense segment, we expect revenue to be flat year-over-year because the defense businesses are going to do much better this year than they did last year. So the answer to your question is primarily driven by MAX. When it comes back into production, we will pick it up again.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we think that in the machine vision that we will get some pick up from semi. We think for the year, we will probably organically grow to 3.5%, but we also made an acquisition, sci-cam acquisition last year as well as the Micralyne, et cetera. I think overall machine vision will be over 5%, maybe 5.1%, 5.2%. The digital imaging that includes machine vision is recovering modestly. Where we have done well really is in the healthcare which is our X-ray business and our MEMS area and we think those areas will help us as well. I would think the sales in that whole digital imaging will increase from what was this year about the $900 million to about $1.4 billion, $1.450 billion, I mean $1.045 billion. And so we are positive about machine vision. Of course, if the business picks up more especially in the flat-panel displays, then we will do better.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I can give your margins first, if I may, by segment and relate it to 2019. Let me start with instrumentation. Instrumentation had full year margin of about 18.1%. And that was really good because it improved about 370 basis points over 2018. We think that will go up again in 2020 for us as much as 70 basis points. Right now we think it would end up about 18.8%.And moving to digital imaging. Digital imaging margins were flat year-over-year at 2018 was 17.8% and 2019 was 17.8%. We think we are going to get some margin improvement there, perhaps as much as 65 basis points.Aerospace and defense and engineered systems. We don't think we are going to improve margins in the aerospace and defense, primarily because the margins are already pretty high at 20.8%, but also as I mentioned, because of the headwinds from the 737 MAX. We think even though defense will make up for the revenue, margins will stay flat.And then engineered systems, we think margins will remain about 9.7%. So overall, in the segments, we think that the margins will increase overall about 45% or 45 basis points and the company as a whole, it will be about the 50 basis points.Regarding the question you asked about dilution, accretion dilution from the acquisitions. The Roper acquisition was the scientific cameras was not dilutive. Right now, gas and flame, which is the business we bought from 3M and Micralyne which we bought, we think they added about 50 basis points in dilution probable in Q4. I would think going forward they will be flat. Most of our acquisitions that we may maybe diluted very early on because of the expenses we have in acquiring them, but after a while they are accretive.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me just point that out. I think in the oil and gas, first let me start with the big picture. This year we ended marine at about $450 million, which was a 3.9% improvement over 2018. Our present plans or our present anticipation is that that will 6.6% to $480 million. Of that, the oil and gas in 2019 was about $185 million and we think that will increase to $202 million, a healthy increase for us. And we think the rest of the marine which has to do with defense and security and other things, that will go up from $265 million to $278 million. So to put it in a nutshell, the 6.6% is balanced between oil and gas and the other businesses, especially defense where we do have really good programs, especially in the submarine area.
Robert Mehrabian: We think we are going to have a little growth in healthcare but it is not going to be as robust as we had in 2020 because we had a lot of the new OEMs sign up in 2020 and we don't see any new OEMs right now. It could happen but we don't see it right now. In prior years, we had really good extraoral surgery, we had good intraoral, we had mammography. So we think it's going relatively flat, maybe increase another $10 million year-over-year. I think last year it was about $255 million. We are projecting about $265 million or so this year. But it's a healthy business. We are trying to also move up-market with some of our products. So as the year progresses, I think we would be able to project improvement, especially in mammography and other OEMs as we move closer to 2021.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, thank you very much, Greg. What I would like to do is ask Jason to conclude the conference call. Thank you.
