Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Before we start the questions-and-answers period, I wanted to note that I have personally 35,000 options that will expire in January 2016. I intend to exercise these options and use the net after-tax proceeds to buy and hold underlying shares. We would now like to take your questions. Paul, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Greg. First, let me speak to the stock repurchase and the capacity. I would just note that our preference is always acquisitions. We -- after exercising the $100 million exonerated repurchase that we have, our debt to EBITDA will be about 2.1. On the other hand, by the end of the year we expect that to drop to 1.9. So the $100 million that we're going to use now is really slightly less than two quarters of our cash flow. So we have a lot of capacity since our debt-to-EBITDA covenants don't kick in until 3.25. We will not probably never go that high. But, having said that, we do have capacity to borrow anywhere between $600 million and $700 million with our current line of credit. So let me put that one and answer the second question. We have a group of companies that we're looking at -- smaller companies. We have also, as I mentioned last time -- we looked at some larger companies at the same time. Unfortunately, what we're finding is that the larger companies have -- the ones that at least we have studied have a lot of problems. And it would increase our revenue, but it would not be accretive to our earnings for a reasonably long time. So we are a little cautious with that. On the smaller company side, you have to have patience because a lot of these companies are run by entrepreneurs that have built up the companies, and it takes a reasonably long time of reporting before we are successful. But I expect that we will keep buying bolt-on acquisitions while we at the same time look at some larger acquisitions. I hope that answers your question, Greg.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with, first, the manned undersea vehicles for the Navy. As you know, we have a newest underwater, shallow-water combat vehicle for our special forces in development at Teledyne. We have a fairly large program for that. The first boat, which is the engineering model boat, is complete and it's undergoing sea trials at this time. Very successful sea trials, I should note. So, building on our various undersea vehicles, both tethered and untethered, we've been successful in developing a new vehicle for the special forces which will have a long duration of a first low-rate initial production and then others increased productions. We also have underwater sole-source drones, vehicles called gliders, for the Navy. These are the literal battle space glider program, LBS program, and that is -- records the Navy uses it to measure water temperature, depth to enable to do -- in salinity enable to accurately measure sound velocity. And we have a lot of our sensor contents in all of the vehicles I just mentioned. Finally, there is a very large program -- Navy program that will probably be an RFT that will be issued, and that's a larger underwater vehicle -- a manned underwater vehicle. And we anticipate that we would be a participant in applying for that program.
Robert Mehrabian: I think -- because the segment has different parts to it, let me see if I can address the different parts. Overall, I would say it's fairly stable. I expect some declines in that segment next year primarily because of the effect of energy and the fact that almost most of our exploration businesses would go away. So I think it's pretty much, Mark, stabilized because while we expect decreases in our energy -- assuming production as well as exploration, I think we expect some other pickups in the instrumentation business. One of the facts that we haven't talked about too much is that in our instrumentation business, especially in the marine domain, we have been able to shift a lot of our work into the defense arena. For example, we have one small company, DGO, in New Hampshire that has revenues of about $45 million. They lost about 40% of their energy products, which are penetrators, or metal glass seal penetrators, for oil wells at the bottom of the ocean. They lost a lot of that business, but they made it all up in their business in penetrators using submarines. So they are stable year over year. And we have a whole bunch of other things going on we have within our gliders being used by the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense. As I mentioned, of course, our own. And we're using some of our [indiscernible] that are used for energy exploration for the U.S. Navy, who are obviously looking for sonar sounds. So, overall, I think we're going to have some expected decrease in our energy marine businesses. But I think we will pick it up some other places. I think we might see some modest declines in instrumentation, but I think we are -- we think we've fairly well stabilized that business for now and next year, and hopefully we will be well-set for significant growth as oil prices begin to recover.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the severance number itself will come down. We do expect further consolidation, especially in our marine businesses. We have now put all 23 of our products and businesses in marine under one umbrella, led by Mike Read, who leads our oil and gas businesses. And we expect to do some more facility manufacturing consolidation there in areas like in Houston, Texas, and in Aberdeen in the UK. So we're going to continue facility consolidation, but I don't expect that this from what we know that there is a lot of future reductions in force.
Robert Mehrabian: The notes are really -- those were planned earlier. Those were part of our long-term plan of spreading our debt that -- our term debt. Spread them out over many years, and they don't suddenly mature. We paid off a certain amount in September, so this new one can kind of replace that. The money for the repurchase really comes from our line of credit. And that one, we use for stock repurchase. And as we make cash -- as we generate cash. As I said, we generate more than $100 million in two quarters. Then we just pay down the debt, because that one you can draw and pay down readily, whereas fixed-term debt is something that matures over time.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's pretty good, Jim. The reason is that we have been introducing new products there. And we -- as you know from prior discussions with you, we have a brand-new set of products in our x-ray businesses. Our CMOS products are very well received in the marketplace, and both in the operating domain as well as in the central domain, and so we're making some progress there. Now, also, you may recall we did purchase a small company that produces portable x-ray generators to go with our sensors, and that has helped. So I think it's a group of products. And then some of our work in the laser, pulse laser, LIDAR imaging, accurate three-dimensional imaging -- some of those, we have introduced new products, and they are picking up. And so I would say x-ray, new CMOS cameras, as well as some LIDAR products are continuing. And I'm hoping that in the future, our uncooled products would also have a positive impact. So I'm pretty positive. Just as importantly, Jim, what we really worked very hard to do is improve the margins, which is our Canadian operations. And those margins have been continuously improving. The same, as I said, in test and measurement, the same things happening there, too.
Robert Mehrabian: I think in Q4 I expect we would -- our margins would pick up. They might even get close to double-digit. But, overall, the business that we have in engineered systems over time, it's a government business. Those are government products that -- primarily that we make. And I think the margins are going to be less than 10%. That's just the nature of the business. On the other hand, we do have some really nice, stable, long-term programs like the shallow-water combat vehicle that I mentioned. We have NASA programs. We also have the upcoming multi-user, space-based -- international space-based camera devices. So over the long term, I think we would have fairly stable revenue, but not exceptionally high margins.
Robert Mehrabian: For 2015 -- well, the actions we have taken in 2015, which is not all of what you just mentioned, that goes back three years. For 2015, I think our annual savings are -- approximate -- the annualized going forward of the order of $25 million or so. Frankly, Steve, that's why with reduced revenue -- declined revenue -- we said over 7% this quarter versus last year -- our margins have actually moved up a little bit. As you know, to get revenue done, you have fixed costs. If you don't introduce cost savings, the margins are obviously going to decline. We have actually been able to improve margins year over year, and this is the highest operating margin for 2015. That was the result of those cost savings.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know. There is lower demand, and then there's some funky things that happen like suddenly you get the Chinese government devalue the currency in the middle of the quarter. And so I don't know whether it's because of the change in the foreign exchange rate or whether it's a basic demand reduction. I do know that in certain areas, like environmental instruments, especially the air quality, we've had gains in China. In other areas such as oscilloscopes test and measurement instrument, we have suffered because of the valuation. So it's a mixture. But I think demand in China is not what it used to be.
Robert Mehrabian: I think -- let me just correct you. You said I'm not expecting much. I'm actually expecting a lot from that area once the energy prices change. But in the short term -- I'll take your question for the short term. I think the exploration area is the hardest hit, and it's going to remain so. I think that's the last area that will come back. We were down in our exploration business over 50% quarter to quarter this year versus last year. I expect that we did not do a whole bunch of that except for replacement of our streamers that are being used primarily because our customers are stacking their boats -- the exploration boats. On the production side, we've seen that some moderation in demand, and some of our customers are actually experiencing some upside in that demand. In response to that, we've done a couple of things to stabilize our business. I think we're going to see some pressure on the business, but we also stabilize that business by doing three things. First, we will cut costs. Very important. Because every oil production for service company is having to cut costs, and they're asking their suppliers to do the same. So that's the first thing. Second, with an increasing content, for example, we used to have on a given Christmas tree at the bottom of the ocean, our content was around $300,000. Nowadays, our content has gone up to almost $1 million. So we were taking market share. And lastly, we're introducing not only new products in the optical and electrical connections but also high-powered, high-pressure connectors. But also we're standardizing our products. I think what's happening in the industry is that there is a drive toward standardization of connectors -- undersea connectors, and we are the leaders in that area and we are doing that. So when you combine all of that, Mike, we're going to have some pressure from our production. I think our book to bill is not going to be one -- it may be 0.9 -- but I don't expect it to go down as drastically as exploration has. Having said all of that, listening to people who understand oil a lot better than I do, oil demand internationally is increasing somewhere between 1 billion to 1.5 billion barrels per day per year. Oil production is declining because of depletion of existing sources, but anywhere between 4 billion and 6 billion barrels per year. When you balance those two together, there has to be new oil production. The question is when. Is it going to be improving late 2016 or early 2017, or is it going to be later than that? Most people say it should start recovering in 2017. So we're kind of sizing our business and waiting until that happens. In the meantime, we are enjoying some good margins in those businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, our share count is 36.2. I think we are counting about that, maybe a little less than that, because of these repurchase because the exonerated repurchase won't go into effect until it happens. You won't cover the whole quarter. We are already a month into the quarter, as you know. So I'm thinking 36, maybe a little less, but not the whole repurchase.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it's a whole $100 million. You realize 90% of it, so it depends on the stock price. You realize 90% of what you buy immediately; the rest of it trickles in later on. Having said that, if the stock price is, let's say, $90, then you get the -- a little over 1 million shares. Having said that, when you do your model, you should keep in mind, George, one very important fact. This year, we did not issue any stock options to our people. Anyone at Teledyne. It's our intention -- we can't keep doing that. It's our intention to issue stock options -- at least, the Board's intention to allow us to issue stock options in January. And that will use the significant amount of the share repurchase that we are doing -- we are going to do soon. So the shares will not go down as much as you model the future because we have issued probably over 500,000 shares of options.
Robert Mehrabian: All right operator, Paul. Thank you very much, everyone. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
