Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like to now take your questions. Alan, if you are ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I think Jim, generally, what I can say is that like almost all other companies in our businesses, we are not really forecasting weakening. We are just being cautious because there isn’t a day that passes by that you don’t read about the various economies across the world, in China as an example, weakening and the dollar getting stronger. I just feel that we have to be cautious at this time till we start marching through the various quarters in 2016.
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, I can give you at least what our present outlook is for the different segments. We believe primarily because of the declines in the offshore energy market in which we play, we have significant position in, even though it’s only a small fraction of the overall business, we think there are going to still be further declines. We’ll make some of that up with our businesses, in energy businesses, marine businesses that are with the government. But overall, I think if you look at our -- broadly at our instrumentation segment, which has revenues of a little over $1 billion this year, I think it would be prudent for us to think that would go down overall, maybe 5% next year. I think if you look at the digital imaging and aerospace and defense, which also makes up approximately another $1 billion, I think we expect that it’ll go up in revenue about 5%, so kind of offsetting what’s going to happen in the instrumentation. And then lastly, in energy engineered systems, I think it’s going to be a -- year-over-year we’re going to be relatively flat. So, I think we look forward to ‘16 as I’ve described it but I think in ‘17, and I hate to go that far out, but in ‘17 we do have some programs that have potential for significant growth, especially in engineered systems, like the shallow water combat vehicle and our multiuser platform on the international space stations. Those will really start taking off by early 2017. So, we think engineered systems may not grow next year but the year after it’s going to do very well. I hope that helps you.
Robert Mehrabian: We had some estimates of completion that we took down because we thought again it would be prudent to do so. We also saw a little weakness in our business in electronic manufacturing services, which is a very low margin business but we took some charges there. But overall, I think there is nothing very significant other than those.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I hate to say one would be exactly 5% but I think combined it’s about 5%, Jim. On digital imaging, there are really three pieces to it. There is one piece that shouldn’t even be counted in terms of earnings because it’s our research lab. We don’t -- we have outside sponsored research as well as Teledyne sponsored research there. So, what happens is that while we have about $40 million in revenue, there is no profit in it because whatever we get, we plough it back in, plus a whole bunch from our own sale. So, in a way when we look at digital imaging from inside out, we exclude scientific research lab. Then the second half is our government imaging business, the infrared high-end imaging businesses, which generally are lumpy because we get very large programs, both national space classified programs as well as instrumentation programs, space based and ground based. But in general, I think we look at that as a stable, not a big growth business, fairly flat. It’s been down this year versus last year but the third component which is our digital imaging DALSA up in Canada, there we’re making some real progress. We’ve got some new management. We have -- the bigger market there is the midrange cameras and we have a lot of products there. We have smart camera software, and that’s where our x-ray business is too. And x-rays, our life sciences business is doing really well. And then finally we do have a lidar business which is laser-based range finding business. We just really took all of that on recently and we’ve changed management and we expect that to also improve. So with all of this, I think 2016 we think while it may be slow growth, we think it’d be okay. We think longer term, between all of that and our infrared businesses, that’s a great business for us.
Robert Mehrabian: Pension actually I think this year is going to be -- while the discount rate is up, the rate of return I think will be down because of you see what’s happening to the market. So, I think it’s going to be relatively flat.
Robert Mehrabian: First, while I do think long-term, I also worry about quarters, as you well know. But having said that, there is really -- there are in the marine space, let me start there, we spend money on products that -- next generation products including connectors that will take very high powered, high pressure environments. We also get -- surprisingly we get $15 million of investment in our marine R&D from our customers, even today. We also are worried about -- not worried, we’re trying to be prepare ourselves for replacements for the Ohio class submarines, and because we have such a strong position there. Actually in one business which is our ODI business, I mean our DGO business, we had about I’m going to say $15 million decrease in our oil and gas business. We made it all up and then some with our connectors that go through the hull of submarines. So, we make investments there. Additionally one area that we are kind of working on pretty hard is position navigation and time products for the future, in the long-term. We do have chip-scale atomic clock, small atomic clock, which we’ve invested heavily and we’ve got it go into production this year. We won’t make money at it this year but I know we’ll make money at it next year. We have a MEMS gyro that we’ve developed here that’s now in our MEMS factory in Canada. And we are going to manufacture that. And so, I think the whole position navigation time arena is an area we invest in. We are also investing in new products in our T&M businesses, test and measurement, especially in electric motor drives or a nuclear valve test and a lot of money also going into our new products for DALSA imaging. We also have, as you may know this very well, we do have sole source positions for data acquisitions, so systems on the Boeing aircraft for the next dozen years. And we are spending quite a bit of money to make sure that we both meet their expectations and hold our sole source position in that market. So all-in-all, we spend about $170 million of our money. We get another $100 million externally for R&D. Let’s say together, over $250 million a year which is maybe $270 million, which is 12% of our revenue. So, I think you’re right. We are spending a lot of money but it’s spent because we expect new products in the future.
Robert Mehrabian: Now, you’ve touched on an area that keeps us up at night. Our customers are obviously suffering, especially the offshore market, as well as the onshore fracking is down significantly. If you looked at 2015, the oil and gas part of our marine businesses, which is not all the marine, all the marine is about $600 million. The oil and gas part of it was about $340 million, $350 million. We think that’s going to go down significantly. And we’re planning on it to go down maybe as much as $100 million, next year -- this year. And we think the reason for that is very simple that -- you know all the reasons, oil price, everything. But having said that, we also have businesses in the oil and gas that are onshore. Here’s what I think will happen. I don’t know when the oil prices will turn but turn, they will. If you look at the history, the oscillations in oil prices, they are almost as low as they’re now in 2008, 2009 timeframe. They will turn. When it does what I think will happen, some of the stuff, especially on land where we have a significant presence, it will go very fast because getting those rigs started doesn’t have a big energy barrier, and I know people in the industry that expect that. So, we’re preparing ourselves for that and we are also increasing our R&D effort in not just Christmas trees but manifolds, underwater manifolds where we think we not only have a great market share but we will gain market share. So, what we’re doing is we’re anticipating short-term significant declines. We’ll pick some of that up with our government businesses. So, on the average the marine business will be down but not as much as oil and gas. But maybe the $50 million that I mentioned in the whole instruments will come from there. But I think in the long-term, when it does come back, we’re going to be positioned really well.
Robert Mehrabian: Fortunately, Steve it’s something we can do ourselves. What we’ve done is if you take the marine businesses we have 24 businesses in marine. We had 2,500 employees in marine when we started the year. We have already taken 350 folks off which is about 14%, I believe. Additionally, we’ve taken people out of other areas because total -- all-in-all we’ve taken -- we have had to let about 655 people go. But in marine, it’s taken a big chunk of it. Second, we took the 24 businesses and consolidated them in the person management and one development, one sales and marketing team. And we have taken a lot of money out of this dispersed leadership. We’ve taken a lot of supply chain out, SG&A out, and we’re consolidating facilities all over the world, both in the U.S. as well as overseas. When we come out of this, we’ll come out of it much stronger, much tighter, and much more efficient. And I think we’ll be fine. We don’t need anybody’s permission to do anything in this domain. And we also are investing as I said before, not only in submarine and other things in the marine domain but we are also investing in autonomous underwater vehicles. So all-in-all, our biggest consolidation in instrumentation is in the marine area.
Robert Mehrabian: Absolutely, we can be aggressive. Yes. It’s interesting, some of the smaller public companies, reality has not yet sank in. Some of them, their stocks are down 50%, 60%, 70% and they’re still thinking they should have multiples of 30 or 40 when their multiples right now are about 25 or so with hardly any earnings. So reality, it takes a little time but I think eventually it will set in. And when it does, we’ll acquire companies there. On the private companies, we have better luck there because these are entrepreneurs that want to sell their companies to someone that’s not going to gut them, they are not going to change the name, they are going to keep their people, and we’ve done very well there. In that area, I think we’ll make some acquisitions.. We have some in the pipeline right now. But we have to be very careful not to overpay, especially where our stock is today. If you look at our stock today, Steve, we’re trading at about 9, 9.2, 9.3 times EBITDA. If we make an acquisition at 9.2, 9.3, then it would be slightly accretive and be somewhat accretive initially, primarily because -- our experience is we take about 25% to 30% in intangible amortization, but if we improve the bottom line 50% as we’ve done with DALSA in Canada, then it becomes really accretive. It can be as much as $0.12, $0.13, $0.14 accretive. So, we have to be very careful about that. If we buy a company that’s got with it 13 to 14 multiple EBITDA, then we need to increase the profitability 100% just to break even. So that’s our dilemma.
Robert Mehrabian: I believe so, especially on the land based systems. In the deep ocean systems what we have is longer term contracts. Some of them are going to go on even under the present condition because commitments have been made, and you can’t just stop -- you can’t stop progress when you’ve got $10 billion committed and you have already started the work. But there are other areas, especially in the exploration area. For example, there are only two players in the world that make airguns. Airguns are what generates the acoustic wave that goes to the ocean floor and comes back; we won. We bought that company Bolt and we have our facilities in this country. The only other competitor is a company in France. So, when that comes back, it’s going to be between the two of us and I expect we’ll make a lot of money at it. That’s an example.
Robert Mehrabian: George, let me -- Sue might be able to help me here but let me just say, I think we have to weigh buybacks with acquisitions. The fact is right now we are -- we have capacity to between what we generate in cash this year, let’s say $200 million to $250 million, plus the line of credit that we have and we really want to stay below debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.5. We might go a little higher temporarily but we always like to put it in that domain at the high and. That’s the high end. Right now we’re closer to 2.1. So having said that our first preference is acquisitions. We think that we’ll buy some shares back in 2016. If you ask me how many shares, I can’t tell you right now but we will buy some shares. That’s why we got the authorization. But we’ll weigh the share buyback with the acquisitions. The kind of attraction, kind of a funny way of describing it of buying back shares is that it’s accretive and it’s accretive right away. But you’ve got to be prudent about that and balance that against acquisitions, which will not only grow their top line but will contribute additional EBITDA to improve your debt to EBITDA ratio. So the long answer is we’ll buy back some shares, I don’t know how much. We certainly -- last year we bought a lot of shares back. I think we bought about $250 million, $240 million worth of shares. I don’t think we’ll go that far right now but we might buy back, I don’t know, $50 million.
Robert Mehrabian: I think we might buy some software stuff in the marine domain. I don’t think we’ll invest in oil and gas for a while. We may invest in our test and measurement. That business, while it’s down a little bit year-over-year, its the margins, since we bought LeCroy, as an example, the margins have improved almost 250 basis points and it’s contributing about 20% EBITDA to us -- to our bottom line. So I like that area as one. Another area would be in digital imaging, especially life sciences-related area. And the last area that I’d mentioned that we are attracted to is the whole area of environmental instrumentation. We were very aggressive in that area in the early 2000s and then prices got totally out of line. So, we kind of had to get on the sideline for a while. I think things are coming back more to normalcy there. That area is also attractive to us.
Robert Mehrabian: When we sell things in China, we used to have to take a lot of discount, especially in environmental instrumentation. Interestingly, now that has stabilized. I was just going to start by saying the instrumentation is taking a lot of price hit. But right now that has stabilized because the Chinese environmental quality, air quality laws have been tightened so much that they need really high end instruments, and we don’t have to really compete with locally produced instruments. In the test and measurement, there is always price pressure, especially in our oscilloscope business. In A&D, I don’t think we have much price competition. We actually are doing really well especially in our aerospace and as well as our government programs. I would say in oil and gas, we’re taking some hits in our prices but I think overall I’d say we’re neutral.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, other than just FX that -- you never know what’s going to happen to the dollars. And if that starts going down that will help us; if it starts going up again that will hurt us. But other than that, I think it’s fairly neutral.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I can do that. I think the highest exposure is in our instruments and the estimated impact to our revenues were about 3% last year in ‘15. Digital imaging would be next I’d say about 1%. In aerospace and defense much less, maybe 0.3%, and in engineered systems nil. So overall, last year I’d say our revenues suffered 1.5% because of FX, the most being in instruments followed by digital imaging.
