Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. We -- first and foremost, most of the emphasis in cost savings has been in our defense electronics and electronic manufacturing businesses. We have relocated facilities from California to Tennessee and combined our facilities, that's a reduction of almost 110,000 square feet of space in California, a facility that at one time employed about 350 people. We've also changed our structure in our microwave businesses that depend on government funding. Those are in Northern California. We've done consolidation of several facilities. We expect that these businesses combined will help us achieve much better margins going forward in our government-related businesses. Finally, I should note that as part of one of our acquisitions, we inherited a precision machining operation in the United Kingdom which served the aerospace industry. We were not planning to hold that business for long and we finally decided to shut it down in the quarter. We still do have a very good composites business in the United Kingdom, which we intend to keep, that serves the aerospace industry. So overall, most of our emphasis has been to reduce our breakeven point in our government-related businesses and improve the margins in those businesses as we go forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think on an adjusted basis, you're right. They may be a little less than 13%, but I would say between 12% and 13% without adjustments.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the sales -- I mentioned this at the last earnings release also, I think for the full year, our organic is going to be between 1% and 2%, probably a little closer to 2%. As you know, it was okay in Q1 until we took a little bit of a pullback, essentially flat, minus 1% organic in Q3. We expect to recover it in Q4 back to 1% to 2% and finish the year at 1% to 2%. Considering how difficult an environment the government businesses are, not just for us but for everyone else, we're happy with this because we're really depending on our commercial businesses that we've developed in the past several years to contribute most of the earnings for the company.
Robert Mehrabian: Overall, as I mentioned, in the Q3 period, it was about 6% overall. Our international was up pretty nicely, better than that. But I would say about 6%.
Robert Mehrabian: First, we think Digital Imaging will grow maybe 3% to 5% in Q4 versus the prior year and Q3. Most of that should come in our DALSA visible camera businesses. We have -- we're doing reasonably well in flat-panel display inspections. As you may know, we make somewhere between 60,000 and 70,000 cameras in DALSA annually, and that business has picked up, especially in Asia Pacific. We are not as optimistic about our LIDAR businesses. They have not done as well in the previous quarters. But we think DALSA will do probably another $6 million to $8 million better in Q4, and most of that is in Asia Pacific and most of that so far has been in the flat-panel display inspections. We also are positive about our work in the x-ray domain, even though some of those revenue increases probably will come later next year.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me back down on the underlying oscilloscope market. Year-to-date, I think LeCroy is down about 2% versus what, at least, our market intelligence says. The market as a whole may be down as much as 10%. The market is, we believe, stabilized now, especially LeCroy has done well in Asia Pacific and somewhat okay in Americas. EMEA is where most of the slowdown has been, that's been significant. We think in Q4, we're forecasting maybe 2% to 3% improvement in revenues.
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, I guess I'm a little confused. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics, as you know, we have an aerospace business, which is our controls business, which does serve the aviation market, which is doing really well. I think there the margins are closer to what you indicated. But when you add the defense businesses to that, historically, the operating margins in that business have been around 12% and at really good year, that might go up to 13%. We think with the cost that we have taken out, especially in Q3 and some in Q1 and more that we'll take in Q4, those margins should stabilize back down to the historical 12%, overall.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I totally agree with you on that. I think the rates will go up a little bit. Obviously, we won't know until December. But right now, it looks like it's going to go up.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think in LeCroy, I'm not sure if I would agree that it's underperforming. If you took the Q3 of last year and compared it to Q3 of this year, the revenues have actually gone up versus last year's Q3. They have gained share in the market. They introduced the High Definition Oscilloscopes, which have become kind of the new standard for the market. They have introduced the 65-gigahertz oscilloscope, which has been very successful in the market, and have actually demonstrated a 100-gigahertz oscilloscope at the end of the last quarter. And they're working on the indium phosphite chips in collaboration with Teledyne Scientific. So overall, I would say it is not underperforming. We're very pleased with these operations. They're improving margins continuously, and we expect them to be one of the highlights of our portfolio as we move forward. Coming back to RESON, which is the multibeam imaging system that we bought, that you're right. Market there has been a little slower primarily because they're more dependent, have been historically, on the European market. But again, there we're doing a number of things that would be beneficial in the long term for the -- our imaging, underwater imaging businesses. We're taking the RESON software and using it in 2 of our other underwater imaging systems, the BlueView, which we acquired last year and hold them, and we're now combining all of those under a marine imaging systems business, which would have probably the most broadest range of imaging products, underwater imaging products, with a strong future potential. So I think RESON, because of the European effect, has had some slowdown. But we're very bullish about the future of our whole underwater imaging businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, in the long term, we anticipate margin expansion across all of our businesses combined. In the short term, I think we will probably hold segment operating margin around 12%. In some of our other businesses -- some of our business like instrumentation, they can go over 17% once we get through this. And -- but on the other hand there, we think that overall, 12% now, maybe a little better than that next quarter. And then going forward next year, we should be able to improve our margins consistently.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Rob, on the Boeing contract, historically, what we've done is we have supplied data acquisition systems and Wireless GroundLink products to our customers as a customer purchased product. Now what's happening -- and for -- in the Boeing part. For Airbus, we historically supplied it through Airbus. But what this new contract does for us is it kind of strengthens our position with our major customer, Boeing, especially in 737 and 747. In those markets, we may enjoy 70% market shares today in the products we provide, that will go up to 100%. And in the out years, next year, with probably more R&D for the -- introducing the new products. But in the out years, that might help add another $50 million of revenue to our controls business, which is about a $120 million business and very profitable. More importantly, it cements our position with both of our major customers now, both Boeing and Airbus. And it complements what we are already do in our Wireless GroundLink, where we have over 5,000 installed units in various commercial aircraft. So it's -- we're very excited about this opportunity to be a sole source over the long term.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, Rob, what really happens is that restructuring, as you know, is disruptive to a business enterprise because you have unsettled employees, you have -- you want to do your consolidations rapidly. We took a hard look at our businesses after Q -- the first half of the year. We said, "Look, we've got to do what we have to do in Q3 and a little bit in Q4 to do all of this and put it behind us, so we go into 2014 with a much lower cost structure." So in Q3, we actually just accelerated it. The big environmental charge that we took, that really was not planned. It just happened. That was -- the facility was vacated and the soil was examined. Our consultants estimated the cost of excavation and cleanup. And once that happened, well, we obviously are obligated to take the charge. But we also accelerated our drop -- reduction in force. We took about $5.3 million in charges in reduction in force in Q3. We'll probably take $2.4 million more. So for the year, 2013, we should approach about $9.4 million, $9.5 million. And I like to put that drop behind us, so that as we move into 2014, we kind of have our business disruptions behind us and we can focus on growing our businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me go back. First, what I said before, and I think you were on, right on, between our international sales and our domestic commercial sales, we were up significantly. And in our international sales, we were up about 14% year-over-year. International sales in 2000 -- if you went back a few years, they were in the 20% range. Last year, they went up to 39%. And in Q3, they're about 45% of our total. Actually, they're high-margin sales because most of it is focused on our marine and environmental and aviation, which is the controls that I just mentioned. So overall, international sales, I would say, are higher margins. We were a little worried awhile back, for example, in our environmental product sales in China because of the domestic content requirement. And interestingly enough, in the air quality monitoring and water quality monitoring, they have kind of reversed their direction and are seeking much higher precision instruments, which serves us so very well. So I think overall, we're bullish about our international businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Mark -- Chris, you know me. If I went there, I'd be kind of getting outside of my comfort zone. I would say 50 to 100 basis points a year is what I'm looking for. We're starting our operations reviews in about 15, 20 minutes with all of our businesses here. So I'm going to urge them to go as high as you said. But between 50 and 100 would be where I would say we are.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would say, overall, Chris, if you look at our government businesses, we -- throughout the year for 2013, I'm going to say, it's going to be down about 11%. It was more down in third quarter. It was down more like 14%, but it will moderate out to about 11% for the year. I think in the fourth quarter, our revenues are going to improve over the third quarter in general for a variety of reasons. We are -- but then I also -- look, I have to tell you, in the long term, I am not comfortable with our government procurement policies. And that's why starting several years ago, we kind of switched tactics and started very aggressively moving into industrial growth markets because you well know the current administration is emphasizing areas in government spending that we are not participating in.
Robert Mehrabian: Historically, you're exactly right. We were selling to Airbus directly, but not Boeing. This is a brand new development for us. What is more important to us is that it moves us from where we owned most of the market in that domain to 100% of the market, we own those aircraft, which is very attractive for us. So this is very new with Boeing. Historically, we have done a little Boeing for a niche but primarily through the customers. And we still have our Wireless GroundLink, which you are very familiar with, Chris. That's still furnished to the buyers at last right now. And as I said, we have about 5,000 of those installed.
Robert Mehrabian: It's a heavily consolidated market, as you well know. But I think where we are making an investment is in your favorite area. Not exactly satellite imaging because that's so expensive, but we are going to make investments in the international space-based imaging, which we talked about before. You may not consider that avionics and it's probably not, but it is looking down from above, and we think that's probably where we'll make most of our investments because the other areas are fairly consolidated.
Robert Mehrabian: First, the platform that we're putting on, what we're building right now, which we'll deliver in '14 and fly in '15, it's home for 4 instruments. And we've announced one of them, which is with a German aerospace, which is DLR. A second one, which is a larger instrument, it's an instrument which are hyperspectral instrument. That we will be developing in collaboration hopefully with NASA. And we have room for 2 other instruments, there are potential customers being lined up for that. But more importantly, I think there's opportunity, Chris, for us to put other pointing platforms on the space station as we go forward. So it's not one-off. And frankly, it's a much more attractive proposition than trying to fund a satellite, put it up and then get the data down and fund all of that cycle. It's a much more financially attractive proposition, especially with our capabilities. We already have so many instruments, what you need further than the visible domain in space. So we feel comfortable that this is going to be a good growing business for us.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the 28.3% for our base tax rate is a good number. I don't know what '14 would look like, but it would be somewhere between that and maybe 30%, 31%. As our job, foreign production and foreign manufacturing increases, especially in Canada and U.K. and some in Europe, our tax rates have been going down and we are fortunate in that regard. But I think 28.3% is a good number for Q4.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, what it does is, Steve, it consolidates our position. Even though we had the majority of that market through our customers, which were the airlines, you always get competition. By going directly and being able to go to 100%, that helps us in that area quite a bit. And now, frankly, it helps Boeing improve their margins. It's a cost-saving vehicle for them. But it also allows us to put -- to upgrade our systems, both for the data acquisition system as well as for the, basically, the data storage system. And I think it's a good thing for us because it kind of firms the market for us for the next 10 to 12 years.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think going forward, that's exactly what we're hoping. I will add that they just -- we're adding content to the network file server. And I will also add that one of the biggest market drivers that we enjoy there is our Wireless GroundLink, which obviously takes data from these devices and downloads to the operating center of the airline. And that kind of -- harmonizing that with these 2 devices is an advantage that we'll enjoy going forward.
