Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Brad, if you are ready to proceed with the question-and-answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Not much. There is a little bit of -- in one of our businesses, like, which is our test and measurement, we make a protocol solutions -- provide protocol solutions to the electronics industry. There we have some new product protocols coming out. So people are little waiting for the new ones and maybe not buying the old loans. Other than that, where the book-to-bill is almost 1, oscilloscopes are doing well and in the T&Ms we feel alright. On the environmental, the only thing that there is a little softness that we are experiencing in the pharmaceutical market, where we supply a whole range of products. There -- but we are making that up by some of our air quality and other products that are doing well in this environment. So, overall, I think, we are doing okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Jim on the Instrumentation, if you put marine in, which we didn’t talk about. Marine has got a book-to-bill of 1.12. So, it’s very healthy. So because of that, it pulls Instrumentation as a whole above 1 to 1.04. Going to Digital Imaging, book-to-bill is less than 1, not substantially, but less than 1, primarily I think, because of some of the ground-based defense systems that we have which is about a little over 0.9. But having said that, we have some really large orders coming and we have also post-quarter had a large order for our Black Hornet, small air UAVs. When we had right after the quarter, as an example, we had $94 million award for those, and by the way, those are also in high demand in the Ukraine conflict. So, overall, I am encouraged with what’s happening in Digital Imaging. There has been a little lag in the defense part, but that’s coming up as the backlog is filling in and it’s -- we have better orders this quarter, first quarter than we did last year. And then on the AD&E side, I think, book-to-bill is 1.05. Engineered Systems is close to 1, but that’s lumpy. So, I think, we are going to be fine there. Overall for the company, I’d say when you add all those numbers up, it’s slightly less than 1, maybe 0.96, 0.97, but that’s not a great concern at this time. We are just being cautious as we always are, because of the uncertain times that everybody is facing. Other than that, I feel pretty good about our portfolio and its resilience.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I understand, Jim. I think that’s a good analysis. There might -- we are obviously chasing some, what we call, string of pearls M&As. We -- it’s possible that we might end up with something more mid-size near the end of the year, but definitely with our balance sheet. We have right now -- we have drawn down on our line of credit, which is about 1.15 billion. We have only drawn down $25 million and it’s sitting there. We have paid all of our debt that’s coming due. We don’t have any debt payments until 2024. And we have a lot of capacity for to do larger deals, as opportunity comes, and of course, we are looking at things. But you are right, larger deals take time and it would probably be more like early 2024 or sometime in 2024.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, first, let’s start with Q1. Organic -- and let’s also do what you suggested, which is stay with the first, what we would call our historical Digital Imaging, which is DALSA, e2v and associated companies. There we had a healthy organic growth in Q1 of 6.2%, healthcare grew 9.2% and MEMS grew 8.8%. So, overall, we are very happy with that and some of those like smaller cycle vision systems had a healthy growth rate there. On the FLIR side of the equation, which would be the newer digital imaging, we had both positives or negatives. Overall, we had a contraction of about 4.8%. But that was primarily driven by our unmanned systems and primarily in the unmanned drone vehicle systems. As I said, after the quarter, we have had some very healthy awards in our UAVs, which are unmanned air vehicles. Surveillance declined and was plus 5%. Tomography was down a little bit -- a little under 4%, but uncooled and cooled cores, which are infrared cores, they were up 3%. And industrial vision system was up almost 19% -- over 19%. So it was a mixed bag. The drag down for that business was primarily in the defense and primarily on ground -- on unmanned ground systems. Now we had a little softness in tomography and maritime, which is our marine -- Raymarine businesses. But, overall, I think, we were okay. We just have to fill out the backlog for our unmanned vehicles, ground vehicles and we will be fine.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, right now what I’d say is, I expect the margins to be up about 30 basis points for the year, let’s start with the year and this is the overall Digital Imaging margin. So that would be pushed out on one side. I think, in Q2, we will improve sequentially on our margins and we should be fine and we are also going to take some price actions to make sure that we get there. On the overall for the company, we think the margins now would increase 40 basis points for the year and if we can have better price increases going forward, we should improve on that. So when I look at it, I’d say, look in our instruments businesses, we are going to have margin improvement for the year of almost 80 basis points, Digital Imaging about 30 basis points, Aerospace and Defense is so healthy that I will be happy to just keep our 27.1% operating margin. Engineered Systems will probably increase in 50 basis points, and overall, the segment’s 40 basis points and the company about 40 basis points. That -- I hope that helps you.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Sure. I think, overall, in Q1, defense was flat year-over-year and we think for the year, it will be probably low-to-mid single-digit growth in our defense businesses. The primary reason, again, I am saying the U.S. Government programs were flat, primarily driven, as I said, but the on ground vehicles -- unmanned ground vehicles. We think for the year we are probably growing in the mid-single-digits in our defense.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, basically, we have pulled in about $10 million and most of that was in Instruments, most of that was in our marine businesses. We shipped more underwater vehicles in Q1 that we had anticipated. We have some really good orders -- we actually have good orders for Q2 also. So that’s -- that was just to ensure that we hit what we expected to. And also, as I said, that was affected by the fact that we are having improvements in our supply chain. We are seeing improvement, significant improvement and I expect that to continue the rest of the year based on what we are seeing and based on what the Chief of our Procurement is doing with various companies. So that’s why we pulled it forward, we felt we could and did.
Robert Mehrabian: Between the lines, I don’t think it’s going to be weaker, except that something terrible happens. It’s -- I feel good about, look, as you know, we are always more conservative. I can go out and say we are going to make a lot more in our earnings per share and we probably could. On the other hand, with the uncertain environment that we are facing, with semiconductors being down, everybody is projecting semiconductors will recover in 2024, not this year, both equipment and supply. We grow -- we -- which obviously we serve those markets. I am being cautious as we always are. But I don’t think the second -- right now I don’t think the second half is going to be weaker. I think it’s going to be actually stronger. If you look at earnings per share, they have to improve in the second half of the year for us to make the $19.10 that we projected or $19.20, if you want to take the high-end.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the free cash flow. We are going to beat last year’s free cash flow by a couple of $100 million, let’s just say, $850 million is our current estimate. I hope we can do better than that and we have just continued deleveraging the company, get ready for -- when all of this is uncertainty is behind us and use our capability and ability to buy things that have not there, perhaps, done as well in this environment. Coming back to the supply chain, we have seen improvement in Q1. Last year, in Q1, we -- our brokerage, we bought about $23 million of goods from brokerage and that does repay 70% premium let’s say. This year first quarter, it’s the same type of thing, cost us about half as much as that and so that’s a savings, obviously. But more importantly, if you look at revenue that’s being affected by the shortages. That is improving, which is much more comforting to me, because it makes our revenue projections a little more predictable, because we don’t have -- we are not missing a lot of revenue, because we don’t have parts. So there is improvement in the supply chain. We are seeing that. There is improvement in the premium that we are paying and also the fact that we are not going to miss as much revenue, because we can ship products, because they are sitting on the shelf, waiting for one or two parts. That’s it.
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, what we have is a mixture. January, you are perfectly correct. We guided 50 basis points and now we are guiding 40 basis points. We are taking some guidance down in Instrumentation from January to today. We had over 100 basis points, we are closer to 80 basis points. Digital imaging, we are taking down about 10 basis points, all in. Aerospace and Defense, we are actually guiding -- we are guiding flat and we had it going down and so that’s good. And then in Engineered Systems, we have a moderate up, which are smaller business, but we still have a moderate 45 basis points or so up. So, overall, I think, we will be up 40 basis points. Again, we hope to do better than that and the way to do better than that is if we can stick some more price increases in our portfolio, because inflation is moderating. Nevertheless, our wages are going up 4.5% to 5%. Our purchasing of direct and indirect goods is going up with inflation and so we have to catch-up a little more with price increases to make-up for those in order to keep or be able to increase our margins. That’s the kind of uncertain part. How much can we gain from price increases? First quarter, we were okay. We made up what we paid out and we are a little positive actually. So, rest of the year, can we keep that pace of reasonable price increases to make up for inflation in both goods, as well as wages.
Robert Mehrabian: It’s hard to tell at this point, but if I were to take the first quarter and project it out, I’d say half.
Robert Mehrabian: Again, that’s a moving target. So, so far, we have been successful. As the semiconductor industry has gone down, as you can expect, the parts that were in shortage, some of them have become available. Some of them are at the harder parts to get. The FPGAs, et cetera are still harder to get. So it’s a mixture. But things are improving, which makes me feel positive.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. The big picture is that we are able to buy more from the OEMs than from brokers. We obviously prefer to buy from OEMs, because the prices are stable or it might be price increases versus last year. But brokers, you -- there you end up paying premiums of 70% to them. So that’s the big picture. And the availability is improving, it’s very interesting just anecdotally, there have been a few brokers that have called us asking us if we want some of their parts. Last year, we were out there begging for parts, and obviously, if that were to happen, I look at that as they have some obsolete or some excess supply and we are buying, but we buy them at a discount to what we paid to the OEMs. So the market is improving. I like that.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The answer to it is, yes. On the other hand, because we are in such a diverse market, if you look at some of our longer-cycle businesses, as I mentioned, like marine with energy dependent. Some of our defense businesses or others, they are not as price sensitive to what’s happening in the financial market. Some of our shorter-cycle businesses, yes, we have to be careful that we don’t increase prices and lose to the competition, lose market share to the competition. But in some areas, like healthcare, where we make X-ray panels that are very high resolution, very low dosage, there we have pricing power and so it’s a mixture. Overall, when I say uncertainty, about economic uncertainty, I am speaking exactly to what you pointed out, some of the uncertainty in the financial market that’s shipping out into other markets as well.
Robert Mehrabian: I think about 40% of our portfolio, we have more pricing power and 60% is more sensitive, because the 60% in some ways, it depends on the global macro environment. As you may know, the way our portfolio has evolved, today we sell about 22% to the government, 28% U.S. commercial and 50% commercial and defense outside the U.S. So the macro -- global macro environment is what we are more sensitive to a 40% not so.
