Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. We'd now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's a partial reflection that we had pension income in that segment and it wasn't effect of any specialities.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would say, probably, Mark, it would be in the mid-10s. There is a little product mix difference -- 11, maybe, at the high end but the mid 10.50, double-digit, yes.
Robert Mehrabian: As much as I'd love it to be sustained at that level, I think it'll come down somewhat closer to 14% perhaps, Mark, but that's still pretty good.
Robert Mehrabian: Oh, no, I wouldn't say it'd be difficult to improve upon. I just think that will be the rate this year. As you well know, we're continuously changing the business mix there to improve our margin. So I think in the out years, we have to strive for higher margins.
Robert Mehrabian: The revolver -- which is I think what you're asking about -- right now the revolver is LIBOR plus about 50 basis points. What we see in the market now and we just recently met with some of our bankers, for investment grade loans like ours, revolvers like ours, it will increase from 50 basis points over LIBOR to between 175 to 200 basis points. We waited a little longer, Mark, because we've been told by various bankers that as the year progresses there might be -- rates might be a little more favorable, maybe closer to the 175 than the 200.
Robert Mehrabian: Mike, in the second quarter, we recorded a noncash, pretax charge of $8.2 million. It was really to correct cost of sales that had been recorded incorrectly by the company over a number of years between 2003 and 2010. Primarily it was the result of incorrect inventory valuation at one of our business units.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Actually, Michael, that's a good observation. We received initial production orders for amplifiers used on the common data link upgrade for the Shadow UAV. We also received our first production order for car amplifiers based on gallium nitride technology for the IED market. We expect follow-on production orders in 2011.
Robert Mehrabian: As you know, those regulations are coming. There has been the House Energy and Commerce Committee has reported out a Blowout Prevention Act earlier in July. It's not been enacted yet but it's been reported by a 48 to zero vote. There are many provisions in that but it also includes various asset monitoring systems for real-time increase of things like erosion, corrosion monitoring sensors. I think in the short-term the regulation, if it's enacted in the form that it's come out today, it may have, in the short term, may have a little negative effect, but I think in the longer term it will be very beneficial to us because basically it will call for more sophisticated monitoring systems including the pressure and corrosion, provisional electrical and optical interconnects and new sensors for blowout prevention. On July 14, the House Committee, I think, on Science and Technology also reported two bills to enhance US preparedness for oil spills and we are carefully following, obviously, all these legislations and overall that our gliders, our ADCPs for current monitoring, all of that is going to be positive for us.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think where we are focusing there, Steve, is more the smaller UAVs. As you know, that market is moving faster and growing more in the smaller UAVs. So our focus has been on the Raven, Shadow, [Scan Ego], others, which would require smaller gimbals and lighter cameras. We also think there is going to be C4ISR upgrades to our existing platform. So all of those, I think, favor our small gimbal and camera and instrument capabilities. As you know, we also have in our Teledyne Scientific and Imaging information analysis capability for image analysis, which is very unique. Once you get the image that's all right but then you've got to analyze those and we have some strong capabilities there that we think will help us in that growth.
Robert Mehrabian: I think most of the UAV applications are US, though I must add that we probably will have opportunities with NATO and some other countries.
Robert Mehrabian: There was very little revenue from acquisition in Q2 versus last year. There was about $400,000 and that was primarily from the acquisition of Optical Optimum in the Q1. But that's it -- in Q2, I should say. On the Intelek, it will get split up. The majority of it I would say out of about $40 million, about -- $50 million -- I'm sorry -- about $40 million or so, maybe a little less, would go to the electronics and communication segment and about $50 million will go to the engineered systems segment in the precision manufacturing composites capabilities in the UK, which, by the way, we find that attractive, not just because we don't currently have composite capability but also it establishes a presence for us in Europe which we don't currently enjoy in the manufacturing domain.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question, Chris. Without making the answer very long, there is nothing out there that's cheap, unfortunately.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, some of them may be. But we've never overpaid for things. But having said that, I think in general there are a large number of small opportunities that we can participate in. There's a scarcity of things that are on the larger side and the stuff that's out there usually has got a lot of hair on it. You've got to buy something. Let's say you buy something that has $100 million to $150 million in revenue but you've got to get rid of half of it. That's just not very attractive. But having said that, we are continuously looking in three areas: first, marine; second, the whole area of optics and imaging. I think with the acquisition of Intelek -- and there are two things that are opening up for us. One of them is, of course, this whole area of satellite communication and communication in general. The other one that we would like to move into more aggressively is the nuclear manufacturing domain because we think that's a good area for Teledyne because of our quality systems and the nuclear stamps that we have, which are kind of a good asset for us.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question. What we -- in Q2 we -- if you look at where we are from last year, we had maybe over $8 million in revenue in that area. We are down to $2.5 million now and I think that will probably go down a little more but it's not going to be much more of a drag because we basically aren't taking any orders there. I would think the rest of the year the relays and avionics will give us positive comps in that area.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there are two parts to it. First, there's one part of it that has to do with Teledyne Scientific, which is our research arm fundamentally. That has been very effective for us from a multiple domain. First, there are a number of products that have been developed in Scientific that have found their way into our businesses. For example, they have a very strong materials program and a lot of our oil and gas customers are looking for long-term projections of underwater performance of materials. They are lending a tremendous amount of help to our oil and gas businesses. But also, both in the communication area, they have a lot of DARFA contracts, very successful as well as in various new programs like our atomic clock -- or very small atomic clock, in the guided bullet program that you may have heard about and others. So that Scientific has become a very important part of Teledyne in developing new products for our businesses. Moving to the imaging side, on the space programs, as you may recall, we were very successful in prior large-scale programs in the space program but we also have now, while that overall program, in terms of its size, has gone down somewhat because some of the space programs have stopped. We have some very good programs now in space astronomy, ground-based astronomy. While the James Webb program money went down, the subsequent increases in astronomy have really helped us a lot. We have, for example, in JMAPS, which is a Joint Multiarcsecond Pathfinder Survey -- it's a complicated name -- we have a $7.5 million contract from the US Navy that we are just working on and other things. So that part is doing really well. But the part that we're really thinking about developing a platform for growth like we did in our General Instruments business is the whole area of imaging. As you recall, we bought a commercial imaging company in the East Coast a couple of years ago, Judson. Now we have picked up a minority share in a gimbal company which we will end up owning. We bought some things in optical domain. We're moving to camera products. So I think that's going to be -- overall, I think this acquisition has been kind of the core of our technology as we move out to a higher-value added product.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, let me give you the broader answers that you asked for first. If you look at our total missile defense revenues in last year, in 2009, it was over $130 million. This year we are expected to be closer to $90 million, so there is a significant decline. That is -- some of it has to do with missile defense programs which are development programs. But a big chunk of it has to do with our engineering services program, which is going down. Also, as you know, the missile defense, the GMD budget part of the missile defense budget from last year to this year went down 50% from $1.5 billion to $1 billion. So I think what we're trying to do is maintain our presence. But we also have some new things that are getting a good traction in there, especially in integrated testing. We have some really good software capabilities and hardware in the loop, things like that. We expect those to grow some but not enough to make up the difference. Let me move to NASA, if I may. Overall, I think our NASA programs have been about $100 million, give or take a little. We expect it to go down this year again and, frankly, the turmoil you refer to between the administration and Congress and NASA on the space flight program is not helpful. It's not helpful to us. It's not helpful to anybody else. There is, however, legislation both in the Senate and the House that is trying to restore the Constellation program or the manned space program. That might be a compromise that would evolve between the Orion spacecraft as well as some of the lift vehicles. We think that from our perspective, in the short term, which is this year, we'll probably take some haircut on our NASA programs but we think, in the long term though, we're pretty well-positioned to capitalize on the changes I think better than a lot of our competitors because we have a lot of flexible task order contracts with broad scope and we don't really hold any large prime contracts for hardware development. So, all in all, I think -- for example, even in the Orion spacecraft we just recently got an order for $5 million to produce some gauges for the power system there. So I think in the long term, regardless of which direction this goes, we're going to be okay.
Robert Mehrabian: The book value for it is close to $20 million and we -- I'm sorry, GBP 20 million, which is more like $35 million. So there would be some intangible amortization. In the short term, Michael, as you well know, we have to write down the expenses, the acquisition expenses which would be the fees that we paid the investment bankers as well as legal fees. So in the short term we already -- we think that's going to be a couple of million based on -- not all our bills have arrived yet but they will. So in the short term I think we're going to get hit with some expenses there. In the long term I don’t think the intangible amortization is going to be very large.
