Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think basically in 2022, we hit just about every cylinder at the end of the quarter, especially the last month, month-and-a-half that we stand out very favorably. Of 2023, we think Q1 is going to be softer just like we had in 2022. Mostly, we have some headwinds from FX in the first quarter. We think there will be a decline in our revenue, maybe as much as 10%, but we don't know. It's too early. Maybe 1% of headwind, maybe 1% of revenue decline, I would say that. On the other hand, I think, we will pick up in Q2, Q3, Q4, just like we did this year. Right now, early in the year, the first two weeks, we had some slower orders in some of our short-cycle businesses, but the last two weeks they seem to be picking up. So overall, Greg, I am optimistic about 2023 altogether.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think just pausing for a second because this would be asked. In 2022, we were a little short on cash. Well, a little $200 million, to be exact, and we think that's not going to happen in 2023. We think our cash in 2023 is going to be higher, approximately $900 million in cash, whereas in 2022, we really have to be very careful. We build a little more inventory than we wanted to primarily because of the shortages. We fell about $30 million short on revenue in the fourth quarter because of shortages. Also in 2022, there was that lack of R&D deductibility, which everybody has referred to, that costs us about $40 million. And we had about $60 million of more cash taxes, which brings us to just $400 million [ph]. We don't think that's going to repeat itself in 2023. So, we're optimistic.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it’s a little too early to do both, but I’ll tell you that’s about 3.5% of organic growth and then 1.5% from our acquisitions that we made including the most recent one that we announced. If you look at projections from GDP and inflation at the current time, I am one of those people that doesn’t really believe in these projections at this point. But the projections are that pre-GDP in the U.S. will only grow 1.4% in 2023 and inflation will drop to about 2.7%, overall developed markets probably GDP will grow 1.1%. That's where the projections are maybe a little higher in inflation. But Elizabeth, it's a little too early for me. I don't think the economies know either. So, I'll just say that we expect to have an organic growth of 3.5% at this time. If things move like they did in 2022, hopefully, we'll increase that and of course, we'll make more acquisitions, too.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. First, I think in the instrumentation, which includes marine, environmental and test and measurement, we expect growth to be about 5% or average of the company. Of course, that doesn't have acquisitions in it. In the Digital Imaging segment as a whole, we again expect a 5% growth, maybe 5.1%; aerospace and defense, maybe 4%; and Engineered Systems, maybe a little over 5%. Part of the reason for aerospace and defense being a little less than the average, last year, we had that OneWeb program that we ended successfully, which contributed about $20 million in revenue. On the other hand, in Engineered Systems, we think we'll be a little above the average, because we won that very successfully won the NASA MOSSI contract, which adds about $20 million. So, that's - at this point, that's all I can say about that.
Robert Mehrabian: I think if I broke it down, the marine businesses have a little longer look at them. We think marine as a whole also because the energy -- offshore energy markets are improving and our projections for that are over 7%, maybe as much as 7.5% in marine. And in the short-cycle businesses, which is environmental and test and measurement, we think that will be about 3.5% together. We think that I have already talked about some of the others. In digital imaging, where we did have a really good year and a really good fourth quarter which was in DALSA and e2v. We think we are going to be relatively flat organically, but we made some acquisitions, so that should give us about with the acquisitions maybe 3.8%. We think FLIR would do better last next year, maybe a little over 5%, 6%. So -- and the -- it's built between defense and aerospace, defense is longer cycle than aerospace. If you discount the $20 million that we don't have in web, we think defense will grow some, Aerospace may be flat, more short cycle and I've already talked about Engineered Systems and the MOSSO, which we won which are longer-cycle businesses. We feel comfortable there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, a little bit. I think you hit it on the head. Just a sliver, I'd say in -- if you look at Marine, our book-to-bill in the fourth quarter was 1.15. That's why I said it's longer cycle, we feel good about it. We're just going to specifically what you said, environmental and test and measurement, while for the whole year, our book-to-bill is about 1 in the fourth quarter, it dropped down to 0.96. To me, that's a sliver lower. So we are a little cautious about that. So DALSA, e2v dropped even further a little bit and I think FLIR would be okay, but some of our vision systems and scientific cameras, we just hit it out of the park in the fourth quarter and we think we're a little cautious about predicting. On the other side, I mean, just to cut to the chase, the other side is that it's very early. Everybody is predicting one thing or another. All we're doing is we are kind of hunker down and we are going to do what we always do. If we have to cut, we have cut and if we have to hire, we’ll hire and we’ll do what we have to do to make our numbers.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, just under 1, about 0.96, 0.97, but that has Engineered Systems in it, which was 0.9%, but that's but it's very lumpy. For the year, Engineered System was 1.12, which is a long-cycle business. For the year, the company was closer to 1.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, in 2022, we added, Joe, we added about 4% in pricing. And then, if you hold against that, what we ended up spending, we had wages go up 4.5, overall buying stuff about $2.5 billion of direct and indirect materials, that went up overall, about 6.7%. Of course, that's on the cost of goods sold. I am only saying this because I want to put this in perspective. So, we increased prices across the board, 4%. Our materials inflation was 3.7% negative. Our wages were 1% negative to sales. So when you add those two, sales, materials inflation was and wage inflation was 4.7% negative. We increased prices 4%. So, net-net, we suffered about 60 basis points of determent between the two. Now, going forward, we expect to increase prices. How much? It's difficult to predict because as you said, some people are talking about decreasing prices in the second half. But we have to increase prices somewhat because we are going to have more inflation that we inherited and we are going to have to -- we are giving our employees about 4% raises across the board. So, to make up for that we have to increase prices somewhat. It depends on how the market behaves itself. We are right now saying our overall margins are going to improve 50 basis points versus last year and that's pretty good. So, we'll have less broker premiums. Last year, we paid $90 million excess fees to our brokers for parts. We think in 2023, that will maybe be half. So, I mean, it's a long answer to a short question. There is a lot of unknowns, but I feel we'll maintain our crisis and maybe increase on that level.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, the longer cycle businesses are less cyclical which would be our government defense about 25%, medical, scientific, energy, aerospace in overall, which constitutes about 40% of our portfolio, I don’t think those are going to be affected. On the flip side, the short cycle businesses will constitute 60% of our overall portfolio. If the world macroeconomic really suffers, obviously, we are going to have to take some hits. As you said, we have a very narrow range that we came out with, primarily because we're not sure what's going to happen. We could have probably had a larger range, but coming out of 2020 as strongly as we did, we feel okay about that.
Robert Mehrabian: Oh no, that's a mode of our operation. It's something we do day in and day out regardless of what the macroeconomics are. We control everything. We controlled expenses in travel, we eliminate square footage of our manufacturing facilities. Everything we do we're vigilant and that's the only way we made it through 2022 as well as we did and we're going to continue that.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Guy. Good question. The answer is yes. We have some new products. We are -- we have some new markets, especially in machine vision and for example, also mapping or FLIR has this Raymarine business and we've had this geospatial business, where we do a lot of hydrographic mapping and the most recent acquisition that we made ChartWorld bridges the gap between those two. I don't know if we would have bought ChartWorld if we didn’t have FLIR, we were just hold geospatial. So, those are really good. The other thing is that, FLIR has really exceptional products in the unmanned air vehicle domain. And we have had historically good products at Teledyne legacy in the underwater domain. FLIR also brings now ground-based vehicles. So now, if you look at the combination of the two companies, we have about $450 million or so of revenue in unmanned vehicles, unmanned air vehicles, unmanned ground vehicles, unmanned underwater vehicles. And there is a lot of common technologies between those three in terms of control, because of software in terms of digitization and imaging. So, those are some examples, GUY, after 20 months. But that will, of course, grow as a function of time.
Robert Mehrabian: It could be. As we think in the first half, certainly, first quarter, we think it's going to be a 1% headwind versus 2.1% to 2.5% last year. Having said that, I don't think anybody knows. I don't think the economies know, they might say, but they don't know. I don't think anybody knows what's going to happen. I certainly don't ever put it that way.
