Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. I would like now to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead. 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, thanks, Jeremy. First, we -- at any one time we have a large number of acquisitions that we are looking at in our pipeline. Probably, today I would say we’re looking at maybe over 50 potential acquisitions which would be approximately over $5 billion altogether. Obviously, the tunnel narrows as you come down. So at the present time, we might be actively looking at 3 or 4. In terms of the debt-to-cap, our cash flow for the year is going to be very healthy. It’s going to be over $150 million. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio -- EBITDA-to-debt ratio is about -- debt-to-EBITDA is about 2.2 right now. That will go down as we generate more cash. We could probably go above that. We’re at 34% debt-to-cap right now. That again will go down as we generate more cash, but 34, 40 is reasonable for a company of our size. 
Robert Mehrabian: No, that would be excluding pension. By the way, Jeremy, as you know, our pension contributions are voluntary. We don’t have to do that. In terms of pricing, on the average depending on whether it’s in Instrumentation, Digital Imaging and now Test and Measurement, we paid somewhere between 6.5 to 8.5, 9 EBITDA multiple to enterprise value. We probably would like to stay below 9 if we can. Average -- our average is about 8.5. So that would be the range we would like to stay. Except it is a really strategic acquisition, especially in our Instrumentation and our Digital Imaging, we might go higher than that. 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Jeremy. On the onshore, it's a little soft. On the marine side, it’s exceptionally good. In the next 5 years it’s estimated that capital equipment investments in the offshore would be about $135 billion; 57% of that, about $77 billion are going to be in deep sea which would be 4,000, 5,000 feet and deeper. And that’s where we are really -- we’re really focused on. So we anticipate that we will do well in that domain. We’re also developing new products, high powered connectors based on some of the technology that’s coming out of our R&D centers. High pressured, high temperature probes, for high pressure probes, for temperature and pressure measurements, ultrasonic flow preventer, RAM position sensors and a whole range of other things. So I think overall we are going to do fine. We also, as you mentioned, while people are entering the survey market, but some other companies are exiting the survey market. There was a company announcement yesterday that they gave up on their glider programs that we were competing with because we won all of the programs. So overall, we feel good about that domain. 
Robert Mehrabian: We have 3 electronic contact manufacturing facilities. We have a small one in New Hampshire. We have a large one in Lewisburg, Tennessee. That's close to Kentucky, but it is Lewisburg. The third one was -- is in Los Angeles area. We have announced that we are going to shut down our Los Angeles operations and that’s been where most of -- that's our microelectronic packaging business. It has really 2 major products. One product is solid state relays. We are moving that to our electromechanical relay facility which is about 20 miles away. And that will -- that’s a healthy business for us. The packaging business, frankly that whole business has declined about 50% in the last 4 years. We will move the remainder of that and combine it with our Lewisburg operation. So we are going from 3 facilities to 2 facilities and all of our EMS combined between Lewisburg and the small facility that we have in New Hampshire, will then contribute about $100 million to our top-line. We are obviously are not happy with the contraction we are seeing. But it is what it is and we’ve taken the necessary steps. 
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, I think because of some of the intangible amortization that will continue, our margins may come down a little bit. But I think somewhere between 18% to 20% is a good range for us in that business, that’s GAAP. But that’s a long-term aim for us. This quarter, if you take the $3.8 million that we spent on acquisition costs -- one-time acquisition costs, we’re probably are going to be closer to 18%. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the third quarter we had strong sales in some of our historical NASA programs. We also had some really good contract manufacturing in delivering gun mounts to littoral combat ships. Those kind of boosted the quarter for us. I think it is becoming more normalized, we would be lower in manufacturing in Q4; 70, 72, you're right on there. For the year, we should be flat year-over-year. Frankly, we also had some upside in our objective simulation -- the modeling and simulation business. The upside we're about $20 million. The downside in the quarter really was from our SETA programs which are -- which used to be sizable, but continuing into next year we expect those to be around $7 million or so. So the contractions are coming from the SETA programs. 
Robert Mehrabian: No, Tyler. What -- the reservoir monitoring system that we developed is now being installed in Brazil as a test bed, and we are anxious to find out how well it works because if that system works, that’s going to be a very important contributor to our oil exploration and production business. So most of the increase in our R&D in the quarter has been in really 2 areas -- 3 areas. One, our X-Ray imaging because we are developing very sensitive imaging systems for major customers, medical supply customers. Second, as you know we have a -- an [indiscernible] infrared sensor program in our Canadian DALSA operations in Vermont. That's absorbing more R&D. And then lastly, because of the LeCroy acquisitions we are developing our Indium phosphide semiconductor processes to be able to displace the Silicon germanium at the very high end, high bandwidth domain for those products. So most of our increases are targeted in those areas. 
Robert Mehrabian: In the short-term really we have to succeed. The system has to succeed. We’d probably find out whether this test is successful over the next few months. I don’t know what the revenue stream from that would be. But over the long-term, it could be as significant as our streamer cable business that has really been very healthy for us. It could be as high as $50 million, $60 million and grow. Because reservoir monitoring is becoming very important as people try to get -- be more successful in getting oil out from the sea floor and find that -- kind of determine which pockets are declining and which pockets they can pressurize and get more out of. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We’re very excited about that. They are kind of -- probably going to be slightly below their revenues for last year because the whole oscilloscope market across the board is done, but they are gaining share because they do have the very high end -- high bandwidth oscilloscope that goes to about 65 gigahertz. And then they also just introduced a very exciting new product which is a 12 bit oscilloscope in the mid range, which got 16 times the resolution of the competitive products. Now of course, in the long-term, Tyler, as we discussed, our Indium phosphide technology would enhance the high bandwidth significantly. 
Robert Mehrabian: There is really, Steve, 3 reasons. First, as we looked at our long-term pension obligation, we decided to take a number of steps to reduce that. First, we modified the way long pension is calculated from an average of 5 years -- average of higher 5 years to each year and that has reduced our pension exposure over the long-term about, I’d say, 8%. We also have people in our pension -- by the way, Steve, as you recall, we stopped putting new employees into our pension plan in 2004. 
Robert Mehrabian: That’s it, exactly. But when you look at the long tail, we have 3 types of people in our pension program. First, those who are actively working today. Those that left the pension for -- but are vested and those that are receiving pension so the vested ones are not receiving pension, but they can receive pension in the future. What we have done is we put out a program to offer them payment based on calculations -- [indiscernible] calculations of if wanted to take a lump sum at the present time and that’s helpful. And lastly, the problem that we have is that right now at 5.5% discount rate, which is what we used for 2012, our pension right now is funded over 100%, so 101%, 102% presently. But the discount rate is going to go down. There is no question about that, the issue is how far down? And as the discount rate goes down, today it might be 4.6%, 4.65% it will drop our funded ratio by almost 10%. So part of the contribution is to take some of that headwind away because our present calculations show that next year versus this year we are going to have a headwind of almost $0.15 a share. So everybody that you're hearing from are doing some of these same things we are. Take the long-term down -- long-term obligations down if you can and make sure that you kind of counteract some of the headwind because of the decrease in the discount rate that is coming. 
Robert Mehrabian: By and large they are new proprietary products and upgrades. In the x-ray domain, this is also a very successful x-ray product line, with large panel CMOS x-rays. They have very high resolution. And when you have very high resolution in x-rays, as you well know, you can lower the dosage and the amount of dosage that you apply. And actually they have products that are so sensitive that you can use them dynamically during the operation. That’s during an operation you can actually watch to see where the instruments -- the physician’s instruments are. So that’s a new product. And that’s been a really good increase year-over-year for us. The second area is Optech which is our LIDAR imaging system, 3-dimensional laser imaging system. And that has been in the market for a while, but they are also developing new products coupled to some of our underwater products because they can’t do -- from aerially they can do 3-dimensional pictures of the shoreline as well as some underwater, then we have BlueView that can complete deeper water. And finally the big new product for us is going to be our uncooled infrared which we are developing. I guess that one you say is going -- is for competition in the future, and that’s really going to be competitive to foreign foundries that are dominant. 
Robert Mehrabian: It would be [indiscernible] most probably. Because some of our on-shore foundries in the U.S., they do have some [indiscernible] restrictions. And then I have to mention one thing and that is in our fundamental work that we’re doing here in our imaging businesses is in California, we had a whole set of programs in 2 college [indiscernible] and we just introduced a strained superlattice camera into the market, which is.. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we think that’s the first of its kind. And it’s a totally new technology and should perform at -- up to 130 degrees Fahrenheit. So you don’t have to cool it too far down. And it should be lighter and less expensive. 
Robert Mehrabian: On the domestic -- let me start with the domestic front first. Municipalities are having a difficult time in meeting their budget and their pensions. And the other thing is the kind of hostility towards coal production that you have see -- you have seen over the last 3 years has kind of dampened capital expenditures in that domain. And we have a lot of instruments that go into measuring particulates, measuring air quality socks, et cetera. So that has been unfortunate, depends on what happens after the election, that will either pick up or it won’t. But on the other hand we do have roadside monitoring programs -- materials that are doing well. When you go to the foreign area, our sales to China are relatively healthy. We introduced new water monitoring products that are used for measuring flows in rivers, water quality and air quality products. So you’re right, the foreign is stable, domestic is slow, and we think that over the long-term it all depends on the emphasis on taking out a lot of coal production and other utilities production down. That might affect us negatively if that remains the way it is. 
Robert Mehrabian: I’m going to take the guy’s word from last week. Sequestration is not going happen, right? Even though these guys backed off afterwards, but I don’t think -- I think we’re taking into account that our Defense businesses are going to contract. Defense right now contributes about 31% of our revenues, but less than 25% of our profit. So -- and you heard me talk about closure of one of our electronic manufacturing services which is all defense frankly. So we are not hopeful about Defense. On the national side, this administration has dismantled the NASA man space program, period. So we see shrinkage there. On the positive side in that domain we do have a new program which is -- we put announcements on which is -- it's an earth imaging system that would be located on the International Space Station. We are now working with partners to develop a strategy. We have about $18 million from NASA on that. If we can get that imaging system up with some partners, and we begin to enjoy some of the fruits of that, I think that would be healthy for us. But by and large other NASA programs, we are not very helpful. Well, on the other side we do have -- in our imaging group, we have some strong programs both in Europe as well as James Webb Telescope. So there kind of -- it’s like everything else in our businesses, mix of business is helping us where things are going down, other things are going up. So we have a -- that’s always helpful to us. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. It’s going well. We are doing it in a very measured way. We are only doing it in part of our businesses. It’s not SAP. It's a Microsoft Business -- it’s a Microsoft Exchange product. I hate to do advertisements for anybody else. But having said that, we’ve put a pilot system in and we will put it in our instrumentation businesses and if that works in our A&D. Our LeCroy, DALSA, Engineered Systems and Scientific -- and Imaging, those already have their system. So this is not going to be across all of Teledyne. 
Robert Mehrabian: I am trying to get a number out of my guys, but I would say our offshore is probably about 80% to 90% of the total, closer to 90%, less onshore. Onshore, we do have some products -- connected products that came, Jeremy, with VariSystem. That is in the tracking domain. And they are doing okay, but most of our work is offshore. 
Robert Mehrabian: Oil and gas is up about 10%, so it offsets more than offsets VariSystems which is the onshore. In general, I will give you a big picture. We are probably down about a percent, organically 1%, but a lot of that, we took hits in our EMS business as I discussed before. Our imaging businesses are modestly up. Our instrumentation businesses are modestly up. We think that -- I don't -- we made 42 acquisitions and frankly since we haven’t had many failures I don’t think there is a lot of risk there. We are pretty good at that. So you got to do what you got to do. If you look at all the earnings that are coming out of different companies today, people are contracting. Those that can will do acquisitions in key areas, strategic areas and growth. Those that can’t, won’t and will suffer the consequences. 
Robert Mehrabian: Actually DALSA generally was up a little bit -- maybe a little over a percent year-over-year. Total year they are up. Next year, they are going to be up. They have exceptionally good products. The X-Ray imaging business was up over 20% quarter-over-quarter. So I don’t see it. Yes, they -- we are probably going to have some as -- if manufacturing doesn’t pick up especially in the semi domain, we will probably have some challenges in vision systems for semiconductors or flat panel displays or whatever. On the other hand, we also provide all the systems for handheld devices and inspection of iPads and other things. So I think DALSA is going to do fine. I am not worried about DALSA. My worry is frankly focused on the U.S. economy. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, they had a very good first 2 months. So year-over-year their first 2 months were very good. They were over 20% over last year, but maybe it’s because they are coming to Teledyne and we are always conservative and cautious. So maybe they are being a little conservative. Right now I think they are going to do fine. 
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, it’s easier to fund it with cash as you well know. Acquisitions, maybe their stock are very difficult to make them accretive as you also know. On the other hand, if there was an extraordinary situation where it was a big enough acquisition and it fit where we want to grow, we would do it with shares and shares and cash combination. So I am not going to exclude that. On the other hand, it would have to be a really good acquisition that we can make work, because we don’t like to do dilutive acquisitions, haven’t done it so far. It might be temporarily diluted for a few months or 6 months. But all of our acquisitions so far have been accretive. So that’s the best answer I can give you on that. 
Jeremy Devaney: Lastly, and then I will get out of the way here. Within Instrumentation, you've a lot of exposure to the oil and gas end market. Baker Hughes rig counts have really kind of being rolling over this year, and we've heard some new entrants stepped into the market on hydrographic undersea space. What are you seeing in terms of demand and pricing, competition? A little bit more color in that end market would really be appreciated. 
Jeremy Devaney: All right. And that kind of brings us to an interesting question. I wanted to turn a little to organic growth and VariSystems is an interesting place to start. Sequentially, VariSystems looks like it was off pretty heavily, $9.3 million last quarter versus $5.8 this quarter. Could you help walk us through the organic growth rates on your business across the 4 segments, Engineered Systems who is the only one that grew organically? I'm having a little trouble reconciling M&A strategy going forward and risks of that versus the organic growth of the business. 
Jeremy Devaney: You are absolutely right. I misspoke. It was actually LeCroy you said was going to be down for the year and it was up 4.7% for the quarter, I misspoke. 
