Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Susan. We would now like to take your questions. Linda, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I think Europe was down Greg, but I would say about 5% to 6% somewhere in between those two overall. Approximately 10% of our sales are in foreign currency and in the first quarter the foreign currency translation basically overall impacted our revenue by 1.5% 
Robert Mehrabian: The first one that I mentioned on the government is we have a very successful demonstration of our program called EXACTO which is basically a 50 millimeter bullet that can be guided by sniper team. That program came to an end and that was a pretty large program for us in our scientific business here. We expect some additional funding later but there is gap in funding there. We also have some gaps in our space programs specially classic wide and if you minored shortages in our microwave businesses but we expect these to pickup between Q3 and Q4. So I think most of the government program declines are temporary and timing related. 
Robert Mehrabian: Right, let me start with the environmental and then go to commercial avionics Jim. On the environmental we have a variety of programs ranging from water to air quality to pharmaceutical laboratory techniques to some food and beverage techniques. And food and beverage I think should be using our processes to detect impurities. By and large we’ve seen improvements in our air quality monitoring program in both China and India. China recently adopted a cap program for sulphur dioxide and narcs [ph] mass emissions which provides sales opportunities for us. We also have stack flow monitoring system.  Air quality monitoring in China has stabilized but it has picked up more in the U.S. ambient air quality monitoring and its better than it was last year. There is also some new APA standards for ozone, ground level ozone detection. So all of these are helping us.  In the remainder, if I move over to commercial aircraft then avionics as you know Jim, there is a tremendous backlog at both Boeing and Airbus in 2015 that’s anticipated to be about 11,500 planes with potential additional backlog this year of about 1500. Now we have content on various aircraft that is substantial for the size of the business that we have. Our backlog means some of these programs that I just mentioned exceeds to $600 million and its multiyear backlog. And of course we have self sourced on a number of programs at Boeing. And so this is gaining market share by the way, in the retrofit domain specially with our wireless grounding [ph] products. So we’re kind of bullish about this business. The industry is doing well, the aircraft manufacturers have tremendous backlog, and the airlines are actually making money, expected to make maybe $25 billion this year. So that’s a good business for us. 
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, overall bookings for the company was one, it varies from a higher 1.3 to 1.4 down to a lower 0.85. And fundamentally if I went through the segment I would say that aerospace and defense is close to one, insurance by and large are about 0.95, environmental is slightly over one, digital imaging is under one at about 0.85, and our engineering system business is significantly over one because we want some long venture programs there.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me just make two comments, its going back to 2001. But I wouldn’t say its conservatism, I would use the word prudent in a more appropriate word. We are not counting on any tax benefits. You can't put tax, we have very small amount of tax benefit compared to last year we had about $0.38 between tax and onetime tax benefits and R&D. And you can predict earnings based on that. If R&D tax credit doesn’t pass or if we get some audit letter or something happens then you can count on that. So we kind of exclude most of that. Second, everyday whether you read the paper or listen to the Fed or read our other industrial companies like ours everybody is cautious because of what the foreign exchange. We haven’t seen foreign exchange changes of this magnitude for a long time. And the other thing we have to be cautious about is that our tax rate changes depending on how much foreign earnings we have and with Europe being in the tank right now, we can’t just really count on that either. So we are taking the guidance down less than 2%. I think it is prudent at this point with everything that’s going on in the world and with the oil price being half of what it was last year at this time. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, let me the answer the second one first. ASR is done for practical purposes. You basically reach an agreement with a financial institution, you take the shares and they buy those shares overtime and the difference in the price of the shares either becomes a positive or a negative number in terms of cash. But the shares are out. In terms of the pension, because of the change in this contract as Sue mentioned we expect overall a pension headwind of about $0.06 for the year versus last year. Now if you look at it and say, we also have frozen our non-qualified pension excluding that it’s more like $0.08. By freezing the non-qualified pension providing compensate of the employees like myself we were able to shave off a couple of pennies of that negative number. So, by and large we do have a pension headwind of $0.06 year-over-year including the non-qualified freights. 
Robert Mehrabian: Backlog is about 0.95 right now and as you will know, the -- about 62% of newer discoveries since 2010 have been in deep water and that’s where we excel. And those programs have long legs on it than multiple year, tens of billions of dollars investment that you can’t shut them off quickly like you do in fracking. And there we have both new products and we have for example new high power products which we are gaining market share with these products that go let’s say 6 kilowatts with 900 amps and we also have pressure temperature sensors. We also have Ethernet products, optical and electro optical products, so we are increasing content and gaining share. 
Robert Mehrabian: It’s both. Some of it is administrative and I would say those are just programs that are getting pushed off a little bit. Some of it is like funding gap at the present time. I mentioned the EXACTO program and some of it Steve is on us. We have agents travelling wave tubes to program that is really looking for strong production. And in Q1 since we hadn’t made these travelling wave tubes for a number of years, we stumble a little bit. We solved the problem now and some of it is on us. And so it’s a mixture of three things, you didn’t mention to stumble but I will. But we’ve recovered now and that program is moving ahead as it should be. 
Robert Mehrabian: Actually on the agents program these are new products. We have retrofit products but we also have -- these are also we make spares for existing radar. So they are not retrofit as such but there is spares. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, just an example of that is earlier this morning we announced that we bought the remaining 49% of optic just to light our company lasers company, that what we initially decided to, what we always wanted to buy out but now it was 20% cheaper than it was when the first time we looked at it a while back. And there are other foreign acquisitions especially in Europe that we are looking at also when you have cash parts in Canada or overseas. That cash earns essentially nothing. And we had over $100 million outside the U.S. So we intend to use that cash. Good question, thank you. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think Chris it’s probably going to be closer to 40%. It depends, we have probably -- we don’t have -- I am not able to mention the name but we have probably the singular customer that still has vessels and is very successful in what they do because of the 3D accuracy of their streamer cables which we produced for them and their ability to get data, really robust data from those. But having said all of that, everybody is parking their vessels now including our largest customer. So we don’t see any light at the end of that tunnel. It is down about 39 to be precise, it is down about 39% this quarter.  On the flip side of that Chris is that similar cables are used in the military and we are bidding on couple of very large programs because we have unique capabilities in making these large streamer cables. And as I met former navy men know this better than I, those are the kinds of things that are used around vessels to detect acoustic signals. 
Robert Mehrabian: The thing is we have about 45% international sales of which 10% are directly affected by foreign currency. And when we look at that carefully, that cost is about 8 million in revenue and about 1.5% of our revenue. The flip side of that also, also the negative side of that as you note no traces that, yes, you get less revenue because of the foreign currency. But you also are selling in foreign currency and you have to lower your prices to be able to compete. So it’s a double whammy but we’re weathering it, we are taking cost out and we’ll be fine. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, on Canada is the flip side that’s why I said 10% because we are 45% international sales. Canada is the flip side where we produce products in Canadian dollars and we sell them primarily in U.S. dollars. So that’s the flip side of the benefit that’s why it only comes down to 10% otherwise it would be as high as 25%.
Robert Mehrabian: It is -- when we acquired the exploration market was about where it is now, the projection. The sales are a bit weaker, not much but are a bit weaker than what we were start to projecting. But the operating profit is on plan and we are very aggressively integrating that. And as you know once we begin our integration processes our margins equal. So the profits are pretty well good. 
Robert Mehrabian: I wish I could say yes, but the fact is it was one of our -– actually I think it was one of our customers that was testing it and by the way the shooters were engineers here, so it was interesting experience. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think let me just make a broad comment. I think in that segment we expect incremental improvements in revenue as we go through the year. The first program underwater vehicle is called the shallow water or SWCS vehicle that’s used for navy Cos. And we will go into low rate initial production next year. I think we will have two boats maybe three next year max, but these are very sizable boats and we have the test facilities which are the more important also part of the program which is a very large water pool to be able to test these boats. That’s a very good program for us and very successful and the total potential revenue in that program is about $380 million.  The other program again related to underwater that we’ve had is our program for gliders, underwater vehicles that use buoyancy to go up and down. And in that program we have about so far up to end of 2014 we gained that we’ve sold about $28 million. These are used by the navy for sensing in front of battleships, sensing the properties of the water so they can predict acoustic signals more accurately. And we project that in the next five years we will have another $50 million of revenues in our glider program. So those are the two big programs that relate to water and underwater capabilities. 
Robert Mehrabian: I’ll just give it to you in an organic mould if I may, and I think the currency will remain -- will hit us the same as it has throughout the year. So it’s -- right now it’s affecting just 1.5%. Let’s say we’ll stay there. I think what will happen that on a GAAP basis we probably would end up with positive revenue between very low single-digits between 1% and 2%. So we will make up the 1.5 and gain between 1% and 2%. I think if you look, you ask me about the segments I think digital imaging will be flat. It doesn’t have as much foreign currency headwind because of what Chris asked and I answered, nevertheless there is some softness in that market especially in flat panel quality inspections in Southeast Asia. I think our aerospace and defense will be up probably a couple of percent, engineered systems will be up as they were in Q1 maybe a couple of percent overall, and instrument should be relatively flat. The FX there is hitting us harder than other areas. The FX is affecting us about 2.5% in instrument. So even with that I think we should be up about a percent. 
Robert Mehrabian: You are quite right Jim. I think, but the instrumentation and digital imaging I would say they carry -- there is a large spread there. We have an instrumentation for example, we have LeCroy which is test and measurement. I like that area, I like the area because in terms of our poor competencies across the company in digitization and microwave and in general digital analytics of signals we would like to see if we can get something there. But if you move away from there it is the more traditional areas and we are always looking for environmental acquisitions. And underwater I think we might do some more but it would be non-oil related. It would be more in the domain of being able to analyze signals or do large scale mapping of ocean currents and densities, etc. And lastly I think the one area that is in digital now obviously is x-rays. We are making good progress there. We have really the world’s most sensitive CMOS x-ray sensors that give you the best digital images at very low dosages. And we’d like to make more acquisitions in that area to kind of enhance our ability to supply our customer a more system level products. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, it is probably down about a percent year-over-year not because just of currency effect will be about 1.5%, maybe as much as 2% but what affected is Europe has been the strongest market and since Europe regardless of currency is stagnant, relatively stagnant. We’ve taken a little bit of a hit there. The flip side of that is that they have introduced a significant number of new products and we expect that those would do very well. They have of course the highest bandwidth, 100 gigahertz product at the very top and then introduce some new products at the lower range. And there is the company that really developed a whole new market for 12 bit scope. So we are very comfortable with that business staying where it is for now till Europe does better and until the FX problem is partially mitigated. 
Robert Mehrabian: The optic is none because we own 51% Kevin, as you know you consolidate revenue. You put earnings or losses, the portion that you don’t own you put it below the line. So from a revenue perspective that will not contribute because it is already consolidated, has been in our revenue stream since we own the -- we bought the 51%. On Bolt and more recently we just bought Bowtech which is an underwater visual camera company. I think we will have about $45 million to $55 million in revenue this year from those two acquisitions. And these are incremental obviously. 
Robert Mehrabian: Operator, thank you very much. We will just stop there and I’ll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call please. 
