Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like to take your questions now. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, first, Rex -- let me start by saying Brian Doody, as you recall, voluntarily retired from the position, and Rex was kind enough to assume that leadership in mid-quarter. I think in the short term, he's focusing on improving a focus on the areas of improving our CMOS products, area scan products. Now, of course, we have 2 major programs there that we are depending on for future growth. One of them is our X-ray businesses, and the second one is the uncooled infrared businesses that we're working on. So those are his immediate focus points. In the longer term, I think that business has a potential to grow substantially, both organically and through some acquisitions. And Rex, having had experience at the corporate level and running multiple segments, is well suited to lead that effort. In terms of the margins, I think margins in that business, normalized margins are going to be, near term, 10% or maybe a little higher, but in that range. Margins have primarily improved this year versus last because of the cost reductions that were undertaken.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I -- we're aiming to -- first, I want to say that we do have about 300 basis points of intangibles in that business. But even with taking that into consideration, I think the margins in the imaging, in the DALSA imaging business, are going to be higher than our overall imaging business. I'm going to say somewhere between 12% and 14% a couple of years out.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me take the second part of the question first. The exploration side in general has not been as strong as the production side. While there is activity and some of our customers, our major customers, is still investing significantly in capital. We don't think the exploration side is going to grow substantially in the near term. The production is a whole different story. There are activities all across the world, increased activities in production, especially in what we call very deepwaters, which would be over 5,000 feet. And that benefits us not just in our interconnect systems because of increased number of trees that are being installed, but also because people are focusing on pushing more production processing to the seafloor versus bringing stuff up to the surface. And then finally, since a lot of this work is done in introducing the connectors, for example, and sensors is done with remotely operated vehicles, we also benefit there from -- or velocity measurement systems, underwater velocity measurement system for stability, as well as some of our other sensors that are using -- including inertial navigation system. So overall, I think in the production side, we have robust orders. I think our order book to revenue is above 1.2 presently or over 1.2. And some the projects are very large, and we're getting long-term programs that are worth over $25 million to us.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Kevin, engineered systems should do pretty well in the second half of this year. I expect the revenues to be significantly up in the next 2 quarters. There's some decline in OSF, but I would say the primary declines in that business have been in our system engineering and technical assistance program. Five years ago, 6 years ago, that business was about $107 million-a-year business. This year, we're projecting about $7 million, so $100 million decrease. That sounds like a lot for us. On the other hand, that's a very low-margin business, 2% to 3%, a lot of patch-through work. And so the loss -- it doesn't hurt profitability that much, but it is obviously reflected in the revenues. But I think revenue in that overall in engineering systems is stabilized, and we have new manufacturing programs. We have the OSF you mentioned. There's the shallow waters submerge vehicle program of--the $1 million program. There's the glider programs that they lead, and they have a robust manufacturing program. So I think that business is going to be all right moving forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think digital imaging is a little over 1. I'm going to say 1 point -- maybe 5% over 1, 2% over 1. Instrumentation is about 1, with marine being -- the production side of marine being very strong and the exploration side being weak. Test and measurement is just less than 1. Environmental is about 1. So I'm going to say instrumentation, overall, is slightly above 1. Though where we have weakness is in the aerospace and defense area, especially in Q2, and that's because of the comp that I mentioned vis–à–vis that $20 million program. But we think the second half of the year is going to be closer to 1. Engineered systems is about 1.12 in Q2, and the first 6 months is 1.2 book-to-bill ratio. So we expect the improvements there. So overall, for the company, the first 6 months of the year, book-to-bill is about 1.04 or 5, about 4% or 5% over revenue.
Robert Mehrabian: The -- actually, Jim, it is already showing some impact on our revenues for 2 reasons. First, we are getting a significant amount of R&D funds from our customers, and some of it has to do with materials reliability, which becomes a serious issue at very deepwaters. The second part is as you go deeper and as you have to then send power down deeper, you want to increase the voltage on your feedthroughs so that you don't have as much current going through and heating up the -- and losing the power basically. And so you need connectors on the seafloor that can withstand those high yield voltage. So what happens there is that we are providing now ceramic feedthroughs, which are bringing us new resources and new customers. I think the feedback we're getting from our customers is that our research and development programs are significantly aiding our ability to get large programs from our customers. And as I said, the book-to-bill in that area is over 1.2.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, this year, if I look at the quarter, that business is up about, I'm going to say, 10%, 15%, maybe 20%. I don't know if we can keep that level up. But I think in the short term, with the book-to-bill being what it is, we should be between 10% and 15%. So over the long term, we have very high aspirations for our oil and gas business. By the way, I should also note that some of our land-based oil and gas business is also improving, where we supply cables and other products, connectors. And there's been more activity there, too. So we're seeing some growth in that whole area. So I would say, overall, both in deepwater, as well as land-based, where our book to bill is now 1.1%, we see future growth.
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, I think it's robust because we're looking at a lot of things. That's what I meant by -- whether we're a success will depend on, obviously, always on price and somebody's willingness to sell it at a reasonable price. But having said that, the areas that we're looking at are, primarily at the present time, in digital imaging and in instrumentation. And the digital imaging can range from sensors, vision systems to software to x-rays. Obviously, as you know, we're pretty excited about our highly sensitive and high-performance CMOS x-ray sensors. So that's one area we're looking at. The other area in instrumentation, we're always, always looking at marine instrumentation. As you know, we have one business in there 10 years ago. Now we have 14 businesses, 13 of them acquisition. So we're always looking in that area. While prices are pretty high, our appetite to pay maybe a little more than we use to is improving.
Robert Mehrabian: Organic growth in instrumentation was about 3%, and it changed from marine improving about 7.5% with some of the others decreasing. Digital imaging was relatively flat. It was down a little bit. Where we have the most decrease in -- organically were in our aerospace and defense, primarily due to the program I mentioned, and engineered systems that we discussed. So if we exclude the one program, the U.K. program, we had a slight increase in growth, I'd say, maybe 1%, 1.5%. Moving forward, however, I think that, that will improve somewhat. The first half of the year, the overall revenue for the company was flat vis-à-vis the last year. In the second half of the year, we expect in the third quarter to have maybe 6% or so growth and continue that into the fourth quarter. So that when we end the year, maybe we'll have 3% or so revenue growth, which would be pretty good because most of it would be organically, assuming that we don't buy anything in the meantime.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the -- I think in the marine, you've mentioned -- so I won't dwell on that. I think in the test and measurement domain, we're seeing improvements in Asia and Europe. We're seeing weakness in the U.S. So Tom Reslewic is looking at a whole range of options about the way we sell products and is also introducing some exciting new products, which should -- which are gaining some foothold. So I think the other piece of it is the environmental part of our program. That should be okay because air quality monitoring and water quality monitoring programs are relatively strong. So we think that that's going to be around what the -- growth in a -- in those programs would be around GDP. Now going to digital imaging, you've got to divide that into 2 pieces. There is the DALSA digital imaging, which is primarily commercial, and we have digital imaging here, as you're well aware, that's primarily government-oriented. The DALSA digital imaging is growing in the single digit, lower single digit. Whereas we have some contraction in our government digital imaging business, even though both of those businesses improve profitability significantly in Q2. Moving to the third segment, which would be the engineered systems segment. As I said, we expect revenues there to improve in the second half of the year significantly over the first half because of our book to bill being so healthy. And then lastly, in our aerospace and defense programs, that difficult comp in Q1 and Q2, with the European program that we had, is going to go away. So we're going to have more normalized revenue there for -- as in terms of comparisons. And I'd expect those to be above the GDP. So -- go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Howard, you're very familiar with that area. It is really growing very nicely for us. Of course, you know our glider program. We have -- we've had a source program with The Navy for 150 gliders. We just won a second program, both for maintenance of what we produce but also new glider programs. So -- and we also have glider programs are doing well in scientific missions across the world. And then if you move to our powered underwater vehicles, you may recall we bought a business, Gavia, a few years ago. Before we bought them, I think over the many years, they only sold a couple of handful. We're selling a couple of handfuls a year, and those are very expensive vehicles. And they're used for survey and other deepwater activities. We also have smaller vehicles, and we're also putting power on some of our gliders. And we're always looking to see if we can add to that portfolio. We just invested in a small company that's developing a vehicle that -- they're a combination of a surface vehicle and a glider, and they've moved in our facilities. So that -- overall, I think in the long term, that's our really good business for us. Because when you get the truck, which is the way we look at those things, then we add all of our sensors, we've got 10 businesses that make sensors and water measurement, current measurement devices and initial navigation systems and acoustic vision systems, so we can load all of those on our trucks, which is very -- obviously, very advantageous for us.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know, Steve. I can't answer that because I don't know much about that subject. But I'll be happy to find out and get back to you.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we've always had some cameras that are used in food processing. We also have that TapTone line, that you're familiar with, that uses various sensors. For example, all those -- a lot of those coffee...
Robert Mehrabian: Teacups are inspected using our system, millions and millions of them, obviously. We -- what we're trying to do is we're also trying to get some of the DALSA cameras combined with some of our other sensors in TapTone line. So that's a nice area for us, and it's a growth area.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, by and large, Chris, we're trying to move more into the hardware domain. With the exception of NASA, that's a fairly stabilized for us. The hardware business is where the most improvement have occurred over the past few years. Turbine engines has always been a good business, but it's going to be fairly stable where it is. And in our OSF program, our submerged vehicle program, I think there have been improvements. I'd say hardware is going to end up being a little over 50%.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there are. But the problem with that is you never know if you're going to get them. The ones that we've got, which were very interesting, were obviously subject to simulation framework, which is OSF, which significant goes out to 2018. The combat vehicle, submersible combat vehicle, you're very familiar with that. We got more recently. We had the launch vehicle stage adapter -- the NASA program for $60 million, and we have engineering solutions and prototyping program. And we have high aspirations for our space imaging, obviously, on the International Space Station. So we're always bidding on big programs. But right now, we have a fairly nice portfolio of long-term programs in that business that should help us going forward.
Robert Mehrabian: I think digital imaging is going to be relatively flat when you combine our DALSA businesses with our government businesses. On the government businesses, while some of the defense is challenged, we do have a lot of programs in space imaging, from both ground-based and space-based imaging. For example, the European programming that we have, as well as the James Webb Telescope, which we actually just delivered our products there. So I think -- and then we're getting into some classified programs in digital imaging, which should help us in the long term. So I think in the short term, digital imaging is going to be relatively flat. In the long term, I think DALSA is going to grow significantly.
Robert Mehrabian: That's fair, but I think some of that is behind us, fortunately, I hope. We're seeing, for example, in some other places, Chris, like in -- we haven't seen traveling wave tube orders for a long time. We're starting to get some orders now, some repairs and some new orders. So we think some of those declines are behind us.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it's both. We -- I'm a little skeptical about stepping too far from our core competence, because we always worry about what would we bring other than money and maybe -- and management fee[ph].
Robert Mehrabian: But there are things that are exciting. And some of those come back to our research lab. Let me give you one example of an area that we think has potential, if we could find something. We have in our laboratories here, we've developed some very interesting filtration system, quoted filters that are very effective, for example, in cleaning up extremely dirty water, such as the water that you get in the frac-ing operation. And as you well know, that water, in order to reuse it, you have to filter it and then you take the brine because they have much as 30%, 40%, 50%, then you got to ship it offsite. If you can do it more efficiently, then your contrary extraction [ph]. We do have some technology. Then for the first time, we might look at potential acquisitions that would be related to our technologies than just because we have a business. If we have an exciting technology and we can find a business that we can hoist that into, that might be attractive for us.
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally not, with the only exception -- as you know in our scientific laboratories here, all the profit is reinvested in the R&D. So part of the reason that when we look at the -- our imaging businesses, about 20% of the profit in that business is sunk back into supporting our program. So R&D is gone -- overall, I think it's going to be relatively flat.
Kevin Ciabattoni: I wanted to start first in -- with the offshore business and instrumentation. I mean, it sounds like you guys are still seeing solid production activity. Just curious what you're seeing there in terms of share gains and shift that content increases that you talked about a few months ago, and then whether there's -- you've seen any pickup on the exploration side of that business.
Kevin Ciabattoni: Okay. And then last one, just kind of a housekeeping question for me and then I'll jump back in queue. What are -- what should we be looking at in terms of CapEx for the back half of the year? 2Q came in with the lowest we've seen in a long time, if not ever. So just kind of curious to what the expectation there is going forward.
Kevin Ciabattoni: I was actually going to touch on the defense portion of digital imaging, but Chris hit it, so I'm all good.
