Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Alan, if you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg. Thank you. There are really two areas. The first one is as you may recall we make laser spectacles for laser eye protection and we have a fairly large program with the Air Force on that which we announced last year. The second one, the second area which is of great interest to us is in the national space or what we refer to as classified programs. Historically we have not participated very strongly in that domain and we have made some really very good strides in introducing new infrared sensors and detectors in that -- in those businesses. So those two are the primary drivers. We also have of course significant other programs but in terms of new increases, those would be the ones.
Robert Mehrabian: I think right now if you listen to everyone, people think that at least in the oil and gas domain, we probably have been or close to have or have hit bottom. And for example, the number of subsidiaries that are used in exploration and production especially production, they were at the lowest level in 2016 and are expected to grow somewhat in 2017. Our overall book-to-bill in the marine business was about 0.96 for the year. So we still think there might be a little difficulty in the comps but nothing like we experienced this past year because -- partially because what has happened to our marine businesses is oil and gas back in 2014 used to be 60% of those businesses and science, construction, defense, security, and other businesses that we have underwater were 40%. With the serious declines that we've seen in the last two years that has flipped over, so oil and gas is more like 40% and the remainder of our marine businesses are 60%. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments, our defense businesses in the marine domain are improving and we have really long-term contract. So I think the comparisons are going to be easier obviously. We might see a little downside but everybody is predicting a pickup in late 2017.
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the pension we anticipate that discount rate will go down but we know it's going to go down so much. So overall I would say the 30 or 40 basis points will drive our pension income down by about a nickel. On the second part of the question I don't -- we don't have any restructuring charges. Greg, as you know in our history, we've always have been a GAAP company, GAAP, everything has been GAAP; we've always kind of swallowed our one-time charges, restructuring charges, and also acquisition charges. The only thing I anticipate in 2017 is significant from our perspective, significant charges related to acquisition of e2v and that could be significant for us, it could be as much as $30 million which we probably cannot totally absorb as we have with our previous [indiscernible] acquisitions.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start by saying that while the businesses are similar they're very complimentary. For example, Jim, in the sensor domain our focus historically has been and our strength have been in infrared sensors. For example we practically or the major player in infrared sensors, both sensors, both for space imaging as well as drawn based astronomy. e2v is exactly the mirror image of us expect they are in the visible imaging domain, actually the seven or eight programs that currently aware of that we acted in, we provide the infrared images, sensors, detectors, and they provide the visible detectors. The same is true in a number of other businesses including machine vision. We're strong in certain areas of machine vision especially in CCDs and some CMOS but they're much stronger in complementary metal oxide semiconductors, and more importantly, they are very strong in two dimensional imaging which is larger market for machine vision. And then, finally in the medical arena, our strength are in detectors. We need to reduce CMOS detectors that are the most sensitive detectors that reduce the amount of X-ray exposure to the patient and are much more sensitive in terms of the quality of the pictures that you get. They on the other hand are the leading providers of magnetrons which are essentially electronic accelerators or microwave accelerators by traveling wave tubes, except they impinge on a constant substrate and produce x-rays that are used for cancer treatment. So in that area we have probably a lot of common customers. When you do radiography, you also want to do complementary imaging to make sure that you are not damaging surrounding pieces. So those are some observations about the complementary nature of our businesses. In terms of integration, I feel very comfortable about that for the following reasons. First, they're a public company so they have a very well documented financial and other processes. And second, we have already acquired two fairly large companies LeCroy and Dalsa in the last five years and we've been able to integrate those very successfully relatively quickly and the margins in both of those large acquisitions have more than doubled in the interim period. So I think we would integrate this acquisition assuming we're successful, we have some more hurdles to pass in terms of regulatory hurdles. I think we will integrate this successfully in 2017.
Robert Mehrabian: Of course, let me actually just go down the list for you, if I may organically overall in the instrument businesses which would include environmental test and measurement and marine, I would say in 2017 organically the growth would be about 3%. In digital imaging, it should be higher perhaps as much as 4% to 5%. In aerospace and defense, it could be closer to instruments 3% to 3.5% and we have a really good backlog in our engineered systems and I expect that in there -- in that domain our upside can be closer to five. When you roll all of that, I think the overall organically, we should have 3% to 4%. We do have some acquisitions from 2016 that we should enjoy a little the full-year benefits of those, those may add another percent. So when you do the math, Jim, I think we're talking about 4% to 5% all in, that's excluding e2v.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we do. We have a good backlog there. We have stronger expect, strong we know exactly how many missile engines we're going to be making in 2017, it's going to be one of our better years in recent history. We have good backlog in our shallow water and underwater vehicles for our special operations and we feel good and this is as good as we've felt about our overall business portfolio in a very, very long time.
Robert Mehrabian: I think mainly in 2016, if I had to -- let me start with marine because that was obviously the big negative for us right. We were down almost 32% from 2015 to 2016 for a hefty $196 million. If you look at our overall decline year-over-year in revenue, it was actually less than that. So marine declined significantly everything else together actually grew a little bit maybe $20 million, $25 million. Our environmental businesses were relatively flat; we had ups and downs as I'd say overall it was a wash. Our test and measurement was up about 2%, 2.5%, digital imaging I'm talking organic only. Digital imaging was up about 2.5%. If you throw in our acquisitions and it was higher than that. Our engineered systems was down about 5%, 5%, 6% but I'm not concerned about that only as I mentioned because we had really strong -- we've had really strong orders, it's just I know everybody talked about timing but in this case I can assure you it was timing. So aerospace and defense electronics was a really strong performer, it was up about 5%, with our avionics business up about almost 18% which this is the business that provides data acquisition on commercial aircraft and that's been a very strong performer, almost made up for the decline that we had in terms of earnings in our marine businesses. I hope that's helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: Ben, if I'm correct, if I'm going to go to oil and gas specifically, I think what's happened is the declines have been very significant and the prognosis right now is that everything is stabilizing. With oil price prices hovering in the 50-plus-dollar range close to $53 on West Texas intermediate, what that does is it helps really the first 11 days fracking businesses which have breakeven prices of about $50 a barrel and we're seeing already recurrence go up, we do have some land based products there, so we're enjoying some of that. When you go to the ocean, then the breakeven prices there shallow water is closer to 60 bucks a barrel, deepwater which is between 1,000 to 5,000 feet is about 65-plus-dollars per barrel or actually maybe $70, $75 per barrel. It's the very deepwater interestingly, it's better; it's closer to 65% because the reservoirs are larger. And the breakeven is lower than deepwater. So having said all of that, a lot of our products going to deepwater and ultra deepwater which would be over 5,000 feet, and we think that source CapEx will probably not improve until later in 2017 or 2018. We're seeing some pick up but nothing like we had in prior years. And so I think you summed it up correctly the future we think is going to be for us in deepwater and ultra deepwater. The only other thing I will add is that we don't supply directly to the final customers like Shell or BP. We supply to intermediate customers that provide for example trees on the water, Christmas trees for oil production et cetera. And we have frame agreements now develop with those customers to be able enjoy 70% to 75% of their businesses going forward. Those frame agreements are of course are based on the fact that we have unique capabilities in products. So I think when it does come back we're going to be really good posture. I hope that answers your questions there.
Robert Mehrabian: I think right now we expect to close in the first half of the year. But I'm hopeful that we would be able to do it in the first quarter. The regulatory hurdles are really they've already had the general shareholder meeting that both have be successfully achieved. We do have summit Botox cut [indiscernible] in this country. They have some German, French and U.K authorities that have to clear it. And then finally of course we have to have a court hearing in the UK. I'm very hopeful that we can -- we will be able to close this by the end of the first quarter but we certainly expect if everything goes right that we would be able to do this by in the first six months. We don't really know what the outcomes of this various questions that were getting are going to be.
Robert Mehrabian: Alan, thank you. I think we exhausted that if it's okay then what I would like to do is turn the call over Jason to conclude our conference call.
