Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you’re ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Jim. Good morning to you. First, just a little progress on both the waiting period for Hart-Scott-Rodino was October 16 and it passed. They have a shareholders meeting scheduled for November 17 and we expect, anticipate to close on November 18. In terms of the product and their fit to our businesses, they make acoustic energy sources as you know and we make essentially streamer cables. And those are very complimentary to our products. They also make some high reliability underwater cables and connectors for the same type of systems. And so that is very complementary to our oil exploration businesses. And on the other side of the ledger, they have a very strong miniature underwater remotely operated vehicle or ROVs used in maritime security search and rescue and other applications. And that complements our underwater vehicles, both tethered ROVs and untethered AUVs. And this will kind of really enhance our overall capabilities for underwater vehicles.
Robert Mehrabian: You are absolutely correct. There is some customer overlap. They actually would broaden our customer base in that domain and there is no product overlap that we know of.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, if you kind of take a ballpark number like $80 a barrel for oil, then on the exploration side, we are already seeing some weakness in there. I would say it could be as much as 15% to 20% in the exploration side. Right now, we have not seen any effect on our production businesses. Most of the production businesses that we’re involved in, at least the offshore ones, are deep or offshore deepwater productions with very long life. And the $80 doesn’t seem to affect those significantly. If it goes below 80, we may see some effect in the shorter term. But right now, we’re not seeing that. And I think for the next year, based on especially some of the recent wins that we’ve announced, we should be okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. That’s a great question. I think fundamentally, we have as you know we’re priming now some programs. So, the best I can say about that business is it’s kind of stabilized. I know we had significant growth this quarter. We might even have a little growth next quarter. But what we have done is we have a number of [prime] programs and the Launch Vehicle Stage Adapter is one that has helped us with increased revenue. Some of our manufacturing specialty gun mounts for literal combat ship, that’s a little lumpy. So, we had some gains here because we shipped more than last year, but that was kind of normalized next year. I think the best I can say about this business, Greg is that we expect year-over-year especially going forward into next year that this business is stabilized. We used to be heavily dependent on just missile defense and -- now we have broadened our base into manufacturing, as well as underwater vehicles like the shallow water combat vehicle and of course the glider programs that we have in our other marine businesses that are being managed from a system’s perspective by this segment. So, we’re happy with the business. It’s stable now and we think it will just go along as it has been.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. First and foremost, the marine portfolio that we have is relatively diversified. You mentioned obviously oil exploration that’s probably this year going to be about 17% to 18% of that business. Then if you flip over to oil production that I would say is maybe 30% to 35% of the business. So, let’s just say, double the oil exploration. Interestingly, now we also have onshore land oil production especially offering cables and systems for shale oil production and that maybe somewhere between 7% and 8% of the business. Then interestingly again, underwater and construction transportation hydrography in the oceans, that’s about 25% of our business. Then defense, security and other things are 14%. So, when you look at a portfolio that’s about $600 million, it’s really diversified. So, while we don’t really think the oil production is going to change significantly for us and while we believe oil exploration will go down somewhat because of the diversity of the portfolio and because of acquisitions that we’re making, we think that this is a fairly stable portfolio. And frankly it’s our highest margin set of businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with just looking at the mix of the businesses, the two parts of the business: the Teledyne Scientific & Imaging, which is a mixture of our science laboratories, R&D labs which about $50 million in revenue, where we take no profit at all. Every dollar is reinvested in that business to help get new products to the best of the company. The imaging business there is a mixture of primarily government but now starting to get some commercial businesses and it may have margins up about 10%. But when you combine the two where you take one-third of the business that you take no profit from, then margin starts creeping down. If you go to the other part of our imaging business that’s primarily in Canada and that’s DALSA. The machine-vision business is doing relatively well and we expect that to do well and with improved margins going forward. We also have x-ray business that while it’s going a little slower than we had hoped, it does enjoy good margin. Where in that business where we’ve suffered a little bit is on our laser-based imaging businesses. And that I hope will come back. So overall, I think in the next quarter maybe margins would go up slightly versus this quarter. But I think in the DALSA businesses, I expect margins to improve next year in the scientific laboratories and imaging businesses in this country which are the high end market businesses. I expect those to stay around where they are. So overall I think this businesses while may not improve very much next quarter, they will be better next year.
Robert Mehrabian: I think Mark, the fixed rate is -- right now most of our debt is fixed rate. We’ll have a little maturity next year. I would say by the end of this year, our fixed rate would after the acquisitions, assuming the acquisition is successful; our fixed rate would be about 65%. Interestingly enough, when you add all of our revolver and other funds availability, we will still have about over $700 million of available cash for acquisitions. If you fast forward to next year and you say okay we basically don’t buy anything because we can’t assume right now what might be available or what we may be able to buy, if we don’t buy anything, our fixed rate then will go over 80% to 85% or so and our flexibility will improve from $700 million to $850 million in terms of cash available to do things, and our debt to EBITDA ratio will drop to about 1.2.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. First, I should note that Brian Doody who was running DALSA and has done a great job there, decided to retire voluntarily and that gave us an opportunity to send Rex Geveden, who’s been heading Engineered Systems segment and heading up PS&I, actually DALSA was reporting to him. He moved to Canada. And so, what is changing there? Under Rex are three things: First, probably we’ve been at the high-end of the machine-vision market through at -- I’m very successful at it. But we’ve kind of not paid as much attention to the mid market and other people have been enjoying the mid market. So, it’s kind of on a focus both on higher end and mid market. Second, a lot of our products there have been a line scan and CCD-based, but now we’re increasing significantly our efforts in CMOS-based sensors and also trying to increase our emphasis from line scan to area scan. And then finally, there are two major initiatives in the DALSA business, both in Canada and the Netherland. And those in the joint Canada Netherland is the CMOS X-ray business which is coming along, it’s really one of the future drivers for that business. And the second one is of course the uncooled infrared initiative that we have in our Bromont men’s foundries. And those are coming along really well. And we hope that by next year we will have wafer leveled package infrared, uncooled infrared devices available to the market. So, those are the kinds of shifts that Rex is initiating.
Robert Mehrabian: I hope you’re right on both count. Anything that has to do with oil exploration, people’s expectations are so high. I hope this will moderate those expectations somewhat and give us an opportunity. I think that may happen. On the flip side, everybody knows that this might be just a timing issue. All the studies that we look show that per capita energy consumption and oil consumption is going to go significantly up when you compare what we’re using in the countries like the U.S. versus what is being used in China and the level of development that’s happening. So, everything that we look at points to increased demand for energy. And so, I hope you’re right, the temporary setbacks in the price of the oil will give us some opportunities, but I’m not sure.
Robert Mehrabian: I think we’re going to do fine I believe especially with our very large contract and agreements with Boeing. The Next Generation 737 and the 737 MAX, we’ll have our aircraft data acquisition systems on them. And our information management system is also going to be on the Next Generation 737 and 737 MAX and 747-8 production aircraft. And we’re holding our own with Airbus. We think overall that business is one of our healthier businesses especially considering the backlog that both Airbus and Boeing are enjoying.
Robert Mehrabian: I think certainly when you take a public company, a standalone small public company and you absorb it in another public company, some of the public company expenses would go away. In terms of the footprint, the area that -- they’re in three locales: one is San Diego where they make their small inspection of class ROVs; they have an operation in Houston and they have an operation in Connecticut. We have other operations in the Houston area which would probably help us with potentially consolidating. But more importantly, I think in the Houston area they have a very attractive production facility and machining facility that will help us reduce the amount of investment we have to make because of our own oil productions are growing so fast. So, the advantage there would be for early reducing some of our going forward CapEx requirement.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start by saying we really like that business. For this group year-over-year, even though sales were down slightly, sales and orders increased modestly, sequentially but most importantly to us several things have happened in that business. First, their margins have improved significantly in the last year, and I expect that to continue. When you have large acquisitions, for us large like LeCroy and large acquisitions like DALSA, and when their margins start improving, that has a very positive effect on our earnings. We are also introducing some very nice products there. We introduced two products just a few months ago in July, WaveSurfer 3000 which has had a very strong market acceptance, and a high definition oscilloscope, a channel with 12-bit scope which obviously increases the resolution. It’s outselling our expectations significantly. So, we expect to have success in this business; and also introduced new product laded on for other applications and the ones that we’ve been in. And then lastly but just as significantly for me is that the acquisition has brought some very seasoned management to Teledyne including of course Tom Reslewic who is not only running LeCroy but he is also heading up our environmental businesses which is very helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say modest growth, but more importantly because of the change in the product mix and kind of in some ways modest ways Teledynizing the business, we expect that margins would improve significantly which is just to me that’s very important.
