Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, then I will discuss our 2010 outlook. On cash flow, in the first quarter, cash provided from operating activities was $3 million compared with a use of cash of $7.6 million for the same period of 2009. The cash usage in 2009 resulted from pension contributions of $48.6 million net of tax compared to no pension contributions in 2010. Over the last two years, we have contributed approximately $170 million pretax to our pension trust and our pension plan is now approximately 90% funded on a GAAP PBO basis. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2010 was a cash usage of $2.3 million compared to a cash usage of $20.7 million for 2009. Excluding the 2009 pension contribution, free cash flow in the first quarter of 2010 declined primarily due to higher working capital, which resulted from early collection of accounts receivable in the fourth quarter of 2009. Capital expenditures were $5.3 million in the first quarter compared to $13.1 million for the same period of 2009. Depreciation and amortization expense was $11.2 million in the quarter compared with $11.7 million last year. We ended the quarter with $230.6 million of net debt. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 25%. Our credit facility has $590 million of bank commitments and expires in July of 2010. We are planning to renew the credit facility prior to its scheduled maturity. In addition, we are anticipating issuing up to $250 million of unsecured debt pursuant to a private placement transaction in 2010. The proceeds would be used to pay down the existing revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes including acquisitions. If I said it expires in 2010, it expires – the credit facility expires in 2011. Moving to pension, in the first quarter of 2010, gross pension expense was $1.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $5.6 million in the same period of 2009. Net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to Government Cost Accounting Standards or CAS was $1.1 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with $2.5 million of net pension expense in the first quarter of 2009. Next, on stock option expense, in the first quarter of 2010, stock option compensation expense was $1.3 million compared with $1.6 million in the first quarter of 2009. The lower 2010 amount primarily reflects issuing fewer stock options for 2010 annual grant of stock option. Now, turning to the 2010 outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2010 will be in a range of $0.69 to $0.71. We expect full year 2010 earnings per share of approximately $2.89 to $2.96, an increase from our previous outlook of $2.80 to $2.90. Regarding our pension, for full year 2010, we currently anticipate approximately $5.2 million of gross pension expense. However, given recovery of allowable pension costs from our CAS-covered government contracts, we expect net pension income of $4.4 million or $0.07 per share in 2010 compared to $0.17 per share of net pension expense in 2009. The decrease in full year 2010 pension expense reflects higher investment returns and the impact of pension contributions made in 2008 and 2009. As a reminder, full year 2009 earnings per share included $0.39 of prior-period research and development tax credits that will not reoccur in 2010. For the full year of 2010, we expect capital expenditures of approximately $35 million to $40 million and depreciation and amortization expense of $48 million. I will now turn the call back to Robert.
Dale Schnittjer: We are somewhat limited on what we can discuss right now. We are following the traditional process for issuing private placement debt. And I'd rather not comment any further so as not to violate the private placement issuance regulations at this time.
Dale Schnittjer: Right now, with what we are seeing in the bank debt market, the – our banking partners speak very favorably about that and it looks like there is plenty of financing available with our partners.
Dale Schnittjer: We will look at that when we get to the point of renewing, but at this point, we would look at somewhere in $400 million to $600 million maybe in the revolving credit.
Robert Mehrabian: Before we go to your question-and-answer period, I was just reminded that when I was talking about the commercial nuclear power generation manufacturing order, instead of saying $2.7 million order, I said $2,007 million, which will be over $2 billion in orders. I wish that were true, but unfortunately, it's not. So with that correction, I'd like now to start taking your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the question and answers, please do go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, I would say we are about 50-50. We've been that way for a long time. My estimate is that as a function of time, we would be more heavily oriented toward the commercial domain. Maybe in a couple of years, we would be at 55%, closer to 60% commercial.Michael Lewis – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian: Not at this time that we know of. On the other hand, they haven't begun their manufacturing processes like USEC has. To be very honest with you, Steve, we are very aggressively getting ready to participate in any projects that begin, primarily because we do have a very strong position, both in the quality domain, as well as the ASME stamps, requisite stamps that one needs for manufacturing. So we are talking to a large number of other potential people that would be producing nuclear products.
Robert Mehrabian: On the third-gen, Steve, we are currently in discussions with the military and we do expect to receive some additional third-gen funding. We have the – the military, the army remains intent on continuing to promote a competitive environment for the low-rate initial production and other future programs and they show very strong support for our efforts. We are spending our own R&D dollars in technology development and have actually made some very good progress in building demo units for the army to test.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Rob. What – as I mentioned before, we have historically participated in making very sophisticated focal plane arrays for space applications. Those would be focal plane arrays that have 2Kx2K array of pixels. And now, of course, we are even making 4Kx4K – we are beginning to develop 4Kx4K pixel FPAs for both civil space, as well as ground astronomy. Now, what we did about two years ago is we bought a small company called Judson in Pennsylvania to start moving more towards merchant supplier of not just FPAs, but packages. Judson specializes in packaging of FPAs and sells commercially. Where we were doing units of 10s and 20s, Judson was producing units of over 1,000 a month of this product. So we wanted to get into the commercial domain. And as a part of that, as we then moved into the third-gen infrared, it became necessary to start integrating dewars and coolers into our product so that we would produce a subsystem of FPA that was packaged and included coolers and dewars with it. And ultimately, obviously, these become cameras. Now, where Optical Alchemy comes in is that they actually make gimbals, very light-weight gimbals that are geo-reference-capable, which is once you look at a target, you can also give the GPS coordinates of the target to the viewer. And what that enables us to do now is move up the food chain to become a merchant suppliers of cameras that include – that are included in the gimbals. Matter of fact, we are developing what we call a high-temperature infrared camera, which operates at about 150 degrees for a specific application in that one of the small gimbals that Optical Alchemy makes. So it's kind of a very – Rob, it's a very intentional strategy to become a merchant supplier of cameras and gimbals to people that integrate them into large systems. Now, second question that you asked dealt with counter-IED and UAV applications. In the UAV domain, we have a – we are expecting high-power amplifier orders in the second quarter that will enable datalink for the updated Shadow UAV upgrade. And also in the IED domain, we are – one of the acquisitions that we made was in the U.K. and we are working with a customer there on the development of an integrated subsystem for an IDP – IED jamming system that has large production potential. The system is currently in trials with the U.K. MoD and we are expecting low-rate production orders in – later this year. I hope that answers the two questions, Rob.
Robert Mehrabian: I always give you real numbers, Chris. That's very good. The defense electronics year-over-year Q1, if you look at last year, it was about $126 million. I think that does not include scientific and imaging – yes, it does, actually. It's about $126 million. This year, it's closer to $137 million.
Robert Mehrabian: On instruments, last year, it was about $145 million. This year, it's closer to $141 million, the overall instruments. And then the last, which is avionics and other electronics, as I mentioned, we are not taking orders in commercial – manufacturing of commercial communication products and some of our medical products. So what we've seen is a decline from about $39 million to $32.5 million in that area year-over-year. But as I mentioned, we think that will stabilize as the year goes on.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, some of the backhaul products like point-to-point cellular backhaul, we were making transceivers. We are getting out of that business, primarily because what – what's happened is the customers are pushing for cost reductions of 15%, 20% a quarter and just that's not the business we want to be in. By the way, if you look at our history over the last five, six years, we probably exited $60 million to $70 million worth of markets in which the margins have declined, markets have become commoditized, customers want to push us to manufacture overseas and that's not where we want to be. So we continuously exit markets that we don't think are in our interest to continuing.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we very methodically decided a few years ago to switch over since the facilities really were operating commercial and defense side by side, same equipment. We very methodically moved to the defense [ph] domain. In – for example, just to give you specifics, termination of the DD(X) destroyer program has resulted in additional requirements to support the Aegis vertical launch programs and we've gotten orders in that domain and forecast that those would continuously increase until 2012. Also, when you look at the cutbacks in the Joint Tactical Radio System, the JTRS program, and cancellation of the transformation of satellite program, those are resulting in new orders for upgraded tactical radios and existing satellite uplink terminals. And there, we've had significant orders in EPLRS, which you know is the Enhanced Position Location Reporting System radio and Advanced Extremely High Frequency, that's the AEHF satellite program, for production later this year and 2011. So all in all, what we are seeing is that our strategy of intentionally shifting into the military domain where we've been down-selected by our customers into reliable providers of manufacturing services, that's worked for us.
Robert Mehrabian: Very little. We've seen a little bit of ARRA money, especially in some of our environmental programs, but the primary improvement that we've seen in our environmental programs have been overseas, in India and China.
Robert Mehrabian: I think net-net, it might not be bad for us. Let me just kind of go through a little detail on that. We – the – we have about – give or take, we have about $90 million with NASA in our programs. About half of that is in the – tied to the space exploration. What – I think we are better positioned than most of our competition in the space programs, because what we have are flexible task order contracts with broad scopes and we don't hold large prime contracts, hardware development programs. Now, the shift that they – that the White House has announced recently – I think it was in April – on April 15 in Kennedy Space Center. The Orion program continuation, that doesn't affect us, because we are not participating in that. But the heavy lift launch, that could have a positive effect on us. And extending the space station would be – to 2020 would be good for us since we do about $23 million of science payload operations there. So all in all, I'd say the whole thing would probably be okay for us. The – the Robotic Precursor Program, that'd probably be good for us. I think with our engineering support structure and the contracts that we have in place that the whole change should be neutral to positive for Teledyne.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I really appreciate you all participating. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
