Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. Before discussing our results, I want to emphasize that all of our worldwide manufacturing sites, as well as our corporate office and research laboratory have been and remain operational. However because our priority remains the health and safety of our employees, we're continuing social distancing, enhanced cleaning protocols, the usage of facemasks, and Personal Protective Equipment. I shall now make a few comments about our performance in the current environment and our outlook for the remainder of 2020. Despite record economic contraction, and a challenging operating environment for manufacturers, Teledyne performed extremely well in the second quarter. Our results reflect aggressive cost control and disciplined execution. In fact, although sales decreased approximately 5% compared to both last year and the first quarter of 2020, overall GAAP operating margin increased sequentially 150 basis points. Teledyne's business portfolio remains exceptionally well balanced across end-markets and geographies. Also, our mix of line cycle and short cycle business provides a reasonable level of credit predictability, and helped us -- give us the confidence to provide our outlook in April. Looking back at the second quarter, the overall market and demand outlook played out as we had envisioned. In April, we predicted second quarter sales to decrease 5% year-over-year versus the actual results of negative 4.9%. That said demand for instrumentation was better than forecast, due to continued demand for test and measurement, protocol analyzers, and a record quarter for OakGate business, which was acquired in January. These product lines serve technology markets related to solid state storage and cloud networking, where capital spending remains relatively robust. On the other hand, digital imaging sales were slightly lower than forecast, not only in dental healthcare markets where weakness due to COVID-19 was expected, but we also saw temporary declines in surgery and cancer radiotherapy due to one, deferred patient treatments; two, our customers destocking; and three, fewer new OEM equipment installations in hospitals. Otherwise, everything else from a sales perspective essentially occurred as expected. More importantly, operating margin, earnings, and cash flow each exceeded our April expectations. Ongoing simplification of our processes and margin improvement actions, including progressive cost cutting in the first half of 2020 delivered superior results. Now, looking forward to the balance of 2020, we remain positive overall. Just as commercial sales to Asia improved late in the first quarter, we expect a recovery in sales in Europe and the Americas later this year. However, in light of the initiated shutdowns and travel restrictions, it is prudent to assume such recovery will begin in the fourth quarter. In other words, we expect the overall sales level in the third quarter to be very similar to Q2. As a result, we now expect 2020 full year's sales to be declined approximately 3% from 2019, with sales of instrumentation and imaging increasing sequentially in the fourth quarter, and Defense Electronics and Engineered Systems sales continuing to remain robust throughout the year. We're now forecasting a recovery in commercial -- we're not forecasting a recovery in commercial aerospace in 2020. However, this market will contribute less than 5% to our total revenue. Before returning to Al, to report on the second quarter performance by segment, I want to emphasize the following. First, as we have repeatedly demonstrated in the past, we know how to be disciplined and perform well in challenging environments. Second, in prior cycles, where revenue was challenged, we protected earnings, while at the same time increasing cash flow. For example, in 2009, when revenue declined 4%, GAAP earnings were flat and free cash flow increased over 50% from 2008 and was a record for Teledyne at the time. Likewise, in 2016, when total revenue declined 6%, GAAP earnings were flat and free cash flow again increased over 50% from 2015 and was again a record for Teledyne at the time. More importantly, in subsequent years, we kept our lower cost structure. Hence GAAP earnings nearly doubled over the subsequent three to four years. In addition, following some periods of general market weakness, due to Teledyne's strong balance sheet, we were able to complete our largest and best acquisitions. For example, we announced acquisition of Teledyne DALSA in 2010, and Teledyne e2v in 2016, both of which were our largest acquisitions on those days. Fast forward to 2020. We're aggressively managing variable costs as well as permanently reducing costs where appropriate. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong with over $380 million of cash and cash equivalents and a borrowing capacity of over $1.2 billion. Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like to take your questions now. Laurie, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think Greg, sorry about that. We have about $19 million year-to-date. We are still reducing our workforce, we -- by the end of the second quarter we were down about 660 people. We expect by the end of the year to be down about a 1,000 out of 11,800 that's 8.5%, so it will be below 11,000 when the year ends. Consequently we think we'll have maybe another $4 million to $5 million of charges in Q3 and Q4 collectively; let's just say $5 million.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the cash. I think in April, Greg, I mentioned that we expect that cash to be at the order of $375 million -- free cash flow to be at the order of $375 million for the year. I'm going to up that now to probably about $400 million, maybe a little more, but let's just say round numbers $400 million of free cash flow. In the current circumstances that would be a record for us. Last year, we had $394 million. So if we can exceed that that would be a record. Now, going back, as I mentioned in my comments, we have the capacity to buy things excluding acquired EBITDA of the order of $1.2 billion. Anything we buy is going to obviously have some EBITDA associated with it. So it could be higher depending on what we buy. I'm going to hazard a guess by the end of the year we may have as much as capacity as $1.5 billion. Having said that, there is the one acquisition that's been sitting out there for Photonis [ph] which the situation is still undecided. That would take up about $550 million, maybe a little more because of the change in the currency. And then we have appetite for other acquisitions. I hope significant ones in this environment just like we did with DALSA in 2010 and e2v in 2016. And in those economic conditions those businesses were not performing very well and we were able to acquire them at a reasonable price. So our appetite I think will improve with time as our cash position improves with time also.
Robert Mehrabian: You're right on Jim, both areas. I think digital imaging, obviously Photonis would be a complementary acquisition, a really good complementary acquisition if were able to make it to Digital Imaging. On the other hand in the Instrumentation area, that's our second high margin business, and we would like to make acquisitions there too. So those are the two main areas as you noted.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start again -- let me go back to Q1, we had a really good book-to-bill in Q1. We were about 1.09% in Q1. In Q2, things went south. We dropped to about 0.85% so collectively we think we'll end the year just below 1%. Q3 should improve over Q2 and Q4 should be a little over 1%. We think we'll end the year by maybe 0.98% of that order. That includes pretty lumpy quarters especially in our Engineered Systems. So I think -- I think you have to take into consideration that our Aerospace business, the book-to-bill is pretty low because of the decline in that whole domain. In T&M and Instruments, I think Instruments in general in Q2, we're just a little north of 1% and we think Q3 would be 1% and Q4 would be 1%, so we should be okay there. Digital imaging, we should end up a little over 1%. With Aerospace and Defense, Defense will pick up, so we should be just under 1% when we end the year even with Aerospace being down and Engineered Systems is lumpy. So, I think it doesn't matter. It's going to be around 1% in the end.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think you hit it on the head. We think that the declines would be most pronounced in Aerospace and Defense as has been. We think in Q3 for example that would be down about 20% and for the year it could be as much as 14.5%. I think where we have some risks is in the environmental instruments and some of our Test and Measurement so even though the protocol analyzers are doing really well. We're seeing some encouraging signs in early July as Al alluded to. It's early to tell, but I'm hopeful that some of the environmental and T&M as is beginning pick up in China will also pick up in Europe and subsequently in the U.S. But the danger really is has to do with environmental. Digital I think would be okay, because we've got a very diverse portfolio. We think throughout the year for the full-year we might be down a percent which is to me is acceptable especially since as we go along we're also improving margins in digital imaging. We think that by the end of the year the margin there will improve 130 basis points or so, so 1% decline is acceptable.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The primary savings, Joe, come from people. We spent approximately $1.2 billion; $1.3 billion are people expense. What happened there is that we have turnover, so we haven't been replacing those folks except where we have really good strong orders and then we've cut folks. And so the big change for the year is in people and I think that savings rolling forward net of charges that we take could be as much as $40 million to $50 million. Now having said that, it is our sole intention to keep that low cost structure into next year as we've done previously. The other area of cost savings is we have very strong initiatives in procurement and we have a target of saving over $25 million in procurement this year and that is not savings because we're buying [indiscernible] savings because we're buying them at a lower cost here, because we're signing contracts with our favored suppliers. If we can get that done that will save us another $20 million. In terms of the 1,000 people that I mentioned, I'd say half of it was maybe because the market demand going down like at controls where market tanked to 50% of what it was. And the other half is really proactive on our part in reducing complexity in our operations and we intend to keep that and we've done that in prior years. We've kept our lower cost as we move forward. I hope that answers your question.
Robert Mehrabian: I think its demand driven. It's not -- it's not as good as it was last year. But it's improved over the first two quarters. I think they -- the upside is that they have increased their back-to-work efforts. Having said that, China as a whole is only 8% of our total sales. So there's also improved demand beyond China, in Asia, overall, in Taiwan, in Korea, other places. So we see a continuing improvement in demand there and we're kind of projecting that will pick some that up in Europe first and then finally in the Americas.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, that's an excellent question. Everybody looks in the rearview mirror, right, even though prices have not gone down as much as some of the piece have expanded over time. Those that have gone down, let's say by 30%, 40%, people keep looking back in the rearview mirror and say, that's the price that they deserve. Having said that, it's an opportune time; most of these companies have shareholders and shareholders have various degrees of patience and they're going to look in the rearview mirror as much as the management and the boards do. So I think there are going to be opportunities for us. There are opportunities for us. We may not be able to get something at the market price that it's trading at, but we're certainly not going to pay what they were a year ago. So we'll -- we're kind of searching our way through that opportunity list to see what's possible.
Robert Mehrabian: Lori, if there's nobody else asking a question, what I'd like to do is I'd like to end the call and ask Jason to conclude the conference call, please.
