Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call. Today, once again, we reported the strongest quarter in Teledyne's history. Sales, earnings per share and free cash flow were all-time records. Operating margin increased 150 basis points compared to last year, and operating margin was also a record for any third quarter period.  In the quarter, sales increased 10.6% and exceeded $800 million for the first time. Including approximately 1% of currency headwind, organic growth was 5%. Given the strong organic growth as well as acquisitions, sales in each business segment increased by double-digit rates for the first time in over 12 years. Record earnings per share of $2.84 increased 16.9% compared to last year.  While we've increased our emphasis on margin improvement, we're continuing our proven strategy of disciplined capital deployment for compound growth in earnings and cash flow. We were pleased to complete the acquisition of 3M's Gas and Flame Detection business on August 1. In addition, with the acquisition of Micralyne on August 30, we immediately increased our Micro Electro Mechanical Systems or MEMS manufacturing capacity while also adding unique microfluidic technology for biotech applications.  Teledyne continues to benefit from our balanced portfolio of common technologies serving different complementary markets. Our 2019 outlook continues to reflect strong growth in our life sciences and defense imaging businesses, more than offsetting declines in some industrial machine vision markets. Our defense and space electronics businesses will more than offset some lower sales of avionics to certain commercial OEM air transport platforms.  In addition, the early-stage recovery of marine instrumentation continued. We achieved strong growth in orders and sales, and ended the quarter with the largest backlog in over four years. Finally, despite closing two acquisitions in the quarter, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with its quarter-end leverage ratio of 1.6%.  Before turning the call to Al, I want to note that we slightly realigned the financial reporting of our segments. This was solely done to match our current management reporting structure, and historical results have been restated to conform to the new structure. Furthermore, I want to emphasize that all of our financial results this morning are reported on a GAAP basis, with no adjustments for amortization, stock compensation, acquisition charges, purchase accounting, restructuring or any other charges.  Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We'd like now to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally, I think we had good growth in our marine businesses. As Al mentioned before, we're enjoying a good backlog, increased revenues. And that was over 7%, 7.5% about. We also had really good growth in our defense electronic businesses, which resulted on an average of about over 10% for Aerospace and Defense Electronics. And Engineered Systems also came up with about 11% growth plus -- 11%-plus growth. So when you add all of those up -- and Instruments did okay. It was just shy of 4%. And so when you add all of those up, it comes to about 5%. Digital Imaging was flat with -- Al said, with the products that serve the consumer electronics flight panel display and some of the electronic manufacturing circuit board inspection down, made up significantly with our health care and other programs.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, CR is always a problem. I can't -- for us. On the other hand, most of our defense electronics contracts are long-term contracts, multiyear contracts. Right now, we think in 2020, we're going to enjoy good growth in our defense electronics businesses primarily because of the backlog, which stays strong. I would say we're looking at -- right now, we're looking at 9 to 12 months ahead in that businesses.  Also, marine looks good. This is the fourth quarter that we've had good orders in our marine businesses. And some of our marine businesses are also, as you know, defense-related businesses. We just received an order, for example, for our underwater vehicles, which are Gavia vehicles. And some of our -- also, some of our gliders are doing well. And so overall, I think across all of our portfolio, defense electronics is doing very well, as well as the marine defense part of the marine businesses. And of course, we just announced -- in our Engineering Systems segment, we just announced that -- an expansion of our work for the underwater vehicles for our special ops. That's now gone into production.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, overall, we're close to one, with marine being over one. Some of our environmental and T&M businesses are slightly below one, but that's probably also because those are very short-cycle businesses, somewhere between 2 and 6 weeks. So it's hard to predict. Digital Imaging, I think we'll end the year just shy of one. I'd say, 0.98, 0.97. Aerospace and Defense Electronics will be one. And Engineered Systems is over 1. In general, when you cut across all our businesses. In Q3, we were just shy of 1, but I think we'll end the year a little over one.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Jim, two things. First, it's -- we are -- we've been making investments in our Bromont MEMS facility to expand our capabilities. We've spent a significant amount of resources there. But even with those expansions, we're constrained in terms of capacity. So -- and most of those lines there are also being converted to 200-millimeter or 8-inch lines. What we don't have there is the kinds of substrates that we can enjoy with Micralyne. We usually use a lot of silicon substrates for our MEMS devices. What Micralyne brings us is polymer and gold substrate capabilities, which is good for biotech. And it also has capability in developing new products and then transitioning those products to our larger MEMS facility.  It's a really good business. On the other hand, some of the customers have been concerned as to when they invest in that business and develop new products, where would the next phase of production be. Now we're able to offer that to them because they have primarily a 6-inch facility, and we can transition those products to our 200-millimeter or 8-inch facility. It's a good acquisition for us. That puts us as number one independent multiproduct MEMS foundry in the world.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start by saying we think in 2020, without any new customers and applications like Nano [ph], it should be in the mid-single digits. Right now, we have good orders, and we expect that to continue. On the other hand, we're also moving up the top scale in terms of our capabilities to add to what we provide our customers there. And we have also some new products that are coming out. So we're kind of bullish about our Digital Imaging health care businesses overall. Now as we -- if we get new customers, of course, those single-digit, mid-single-digit growth would increase.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. For sure. Let's start with where we are. We've been improving our margins continuously from last year to this year. When we finish the year this year, our margins should be up about 120 basis points, maybe 125. We started the year thinking it could be 55. Last quarter, we thought it'd be more like 65 to 85. Now we think it's going to be higher this year when we close the year. So we're improving our margins.  But having said that, if you go to our total operating margin, which will be around 15.6% by year-end, because first quarter was low, obviously; this quarter was okay at 16%. I think there's a gap depending on how you look at comps for us. A lot of the comps report non-GAAP numbers, so you got to kind of sift through all of that to get to the bottom of what they're reporting. But having said that, I think there's an opportunity for us to improve our margins, certainly 200 to 400 basis points over the next couple of three years. I would say probably conservative with 100 basis points a year. I expect we should do that next year, primarily because we are now undertaking a lot of activities to look at our many P&Ls in the various businesses and to see which one of our products we should -- we're not making much money on and we should abandon, and which one of our customers we're not making much money on and focus where our -- we can make money using the concepts like 80-20, et cetera.  So I think that's the good part. We've been growing with the acquisitions, and we've been improving everything that we bought. Now I think we can also improve our basic businesses. And frankly, I like that. I hate to be at the very top of the margin and earn $10.40 and have nowhere to go.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think we're seeing some bottoming, and actually, some positive signs in the semi area. In the consumer electronics, things are still weak. There are some new products being introduced in the flat panel area, which we think will help. By and large, there's an overcapacity right now for existing handheld devices, et cetera. So I think that remains -- what we see in the consumer electronics, we see some improvements coming. So I'd say it's probably -- you're right, it's probably close to the bottom, with some potential upside.  The flip side of it, I should mention, is that we have an opportunity to expand in adjacent markets, adjacent markets being from food sourcing, to traffic control, to lithium-ion battery inspection, et cetera, which are new areas for us. And I think that will offset some of the declines that we saw. And as you know, our Digital Electronics overall is a balanced portfolio just like Teledyne. It goes from health care to inspection of flat panel displays to MEMS, et cetera.  Now if we go to the margin questions that you asked. We think that for the full year, if I may, instruments should enjoy significant margin improvement over last year. Maybe 300, 340 basis points over last year. So we should end up about 17.8%, 17.7%. That kind of implies an 18 -- over 18% in Q4.  Digital Imaging, I think it will be flat with last year, about 17.7%, maybe 17.6%. That implies that we'll improve in Q4 over Q3, but not all the way to what we had in Q2. In Defense and Aerospace, I expect that our margins to be strong. I think we'll stay about over 21%, maybe 21.3%, 21.4%.  Engineered Systems, because of some of the realignment, we sent some of our made-to-print products into that segment. So we think a little margin contraction from last year end up with about 9.6%, 9.7%. Overall, I think if you added our margin, we think the segments should enjoy margins of about 17.6%, 130 basis points above last year. And the total company, considering we had a low first quarter, should end up at 15.6% above -- Joe -- I said Jim, I meant, Joe, sorry. We should end 120 basis points above last year. I hope that helps.
Robert Mehrabian: No problem. Be happy to. We -- for Q3, it's 5%. In the instruments, it's 3.7%, with marine leading at 7.8%. Digital Imaging is flat. Aerospace and Defense Electronics is about 10.5%, followed by Engineered Systems at 11.5%, which concludes at 5% for the quarter. And I don't know if you caught the year, but the year, we're projecting overall, a 4% increase.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, in general, the higher-margin businesses are in the machine vision for flat panel display. We have a very good position there, probably over 85%. And when that -- and we enjoy good margins there. Some of the margins in health care, even though health care was up, are a little lower than that because we're still taking large orders, multiyear orders. And we have some development product -- development programs there.  Some of our defense and space programs in Digital Imaging are cost-plus programs. So that, by its nature, is a little lower margin. But I think if you look at the broader job aspect of it, I think Digital Imaging, this probably would be the lower-margin quarter that are the 16.9%. Q1 was, of course, lower at 15.7%. We think margins will recover in Q4, maybe go over 17% -- 17.43 -- 17.3%, 17.4%. I hope that helps, George.
Robert Mehrabian: I think your first observation of tough comps is correct. There is a little issue with some restrictions that are imposed on Chinese customers, primary customer. But our exposure there is relatively low compared to our competitors'. It's less than $3 million. Having said that, we also -- in our protocol businesses, we're transitioning to a whole new series of products. We're going, for example in PCI Express, from Gen 4 to Gen 5. And people always wait and not order until the Gen 5 is totally accepted and being used. So some of that weakness is a timing issue.  Going back to the oscilloscopes. I think that's more of a comp issue. As you indicated, we seem to have a good demand in some of our automotive businesses. There might be a little headwind in Europe. Certainly, China trade issues are affecting us. But I'm relatively positive about our oscilloscope business. I'm very bullish about our protocol businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, the same. We see some small acquisitions that have to be -- that have to fit pretty well within our portfolio. And we see a couple of midsized acquisitions. But competition is stiff, especially on the midsized acquisitions. We're really fortunate to carve up two nice acquisitions from two larger companies, the most recent one being 3M. And hopefully, other large companies, which we feel is very positive. This is because those acquisitions we did in a two month period with very little hassle. Having said that, there are some acquisitions in our pipeline, and we certainly do have over $1 billion in capacity to do what we want.
