Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. And operator, we'd like to take questions. If you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead. 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Let's start with digital imaging. For the full year, and I'm going to combine digital imaging together, FLIR and legacy Teledyne. We think for the full year, it will be about 23.3%. That's full year 2022, slightly less than what it was in full year 2021. Now in January, we were a little more present about that. We thought it would be closer to 23.9%. But we think now 23.3% is a better number, primarily because we are experiencing some supply chain issues there, plus we're having to pay higher prices when we do find the components that we need. Moving to the Instrumentation segment. In January, I mentioned that it would be about 22.8%, the margin. We're increasing that note by 50 basis points because of the tailwind that we have in test and measurement, oscilloscopes and protocol, we're increasing that margin now from 23.8% to 24.3%. Moving to Aerospace and Defense, the margin we expect to increase substantially from what we projected in January. In January, we projected a margin of 21.9%, and we expect it to grow almost 190 basis points to 24%. On the flip side, in our Engineered Systems segment, which has revenue of about $400 million, and it's primarily government businesses, we expect margins to end lower than what we expected in January and be at 10.4%. And so you roll all of that up for the segment. Right now, we're expecting the margin for all the segments combined to be 22.7%. And then when you put in corporate expense, et cetera, the total company margin would be 24.5%. I hope that helps, Greg.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Let me start with Q1. Overall, we saw some decreased in defense across our portfolio from Q1 of last year, about 2.5%. And most of that experience came in Teledyne FLIR. Now having said that, the longer term, we think our defense sales should decrease in the mid-single digits, which is if you take a negative 2.5% and go to, let's say, 5% or so, that 7.5% turnaround that would be though at the end of 2022 or likely 2022 and 2024. And the reason I say that is, while we've kind of chewed away on our defense backlog, we're not seeing significant opportunities, both in Europe as well as across the board in FMS sales. And I can give you examples of that. But we're seeing real demand for products that we have, especially in the FLIR businesses, Teledyne FLIR businesses. Some of them directly a result of the Ukraine conflict and some of them are, of course, because of the increased budgets that are coming in the nature alike.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Jim, good morning to you. First, let me back up and say, the way we look at defense, which is now about with FLIR included, Teledyne FLIR, it's about 25% of our portfolio. The way we like to think about that part of our portfolio is kind of like a shock absorber. When commercial businesses go up and down, especially if they go down and you have serious inflation and other things become very negative, it acts like a shock absorber. But having said that, you also have to look at what's happening across the world. And the way we see it is that the conflicts have caused significant change in demand for products, especially our products from our perspective. And we think we should be ready, which we are to enjoy the fruits of that. Having said that, I am not really that convinced, that we should change the balance of our portfolio towards defense. And I say that – with an M&A. And I say that because that I don't really think it's very prudent for a company like Teledyne to change strategy because of something that has happened or is happening. And I think our primary growth engine has always been our commercial businesses, and we have more opportunities there. So I think in M&A, we'll probably focus on commercial businesses. Having said that, we bought FLIR, and FLIR had a substantial defense business. And we observed it, but defense is good. It's got a predictable backlog, but it's not really – it doesn't have the kind of margins you can enjoy in the commercial domain.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Jim, you're obviously very familiar with Teledyne. If you look at our Q1 gross margins last year, it was about 38.9% for the legacy Teledyne. We didn't have FLIR at the time. FLIR, on the other hand, Teledyne FLIR, enjoys higher gross margins than us about 55% or did historically or 50%, I'm sorry. So when you combine those two together, the combined company gross margin in the first quarter moved from 38.9% to 43%. Having said that, we also enjoyed higher margins in our test and measurement businesses because they grew significantly 19.2%, that's in our Instruments group. And our Aerospace and Defense margins moved up huge because of the about 50% increase in our commercial aerospace business. So we enjoyed two tailwinds: one, buying a business, which is now a significant part of our portfolio that had higher gross margins than our legacy businesses. And then turnaround that we experienced in our commercial aerospace business and then really good record or there's a revenue in our Test and Measurement businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would say, so we do have some concern going forward only because the comps are going to be a little tougher in Q3, Q4. Last year, when the first quarter, we were in a trough, as you remember what we're encouraged. We do a lot of both OEM products for commercial aircraft. But we also do a lot of aftermarket products. So we're encouraged. Let me put it that.
Robert Mehrabian: I don’t want eventually I guess, because I don’t know. But let me say this. We have intentionally balanced our portfolio for just these kinds of times. When times get uncertain, various parts of our portfolio absorb the shock from the market and from the economies. That’s why if you look at our history, when things – bad things happen, right afterwards, some other companies may not deal with it as well. Right after it works, we buy someone that has not done as well. So, I would say that I feel comfortable with our portfolio. We’re guiding the Street on what we think we can deliver. And we don’t want to be too as the world effervescent. On the other hand, if bad things continue happening as they are now might be a good opportunity for us coming out of this with a significant M&A. We don’t see a warning sign at this time, Joe.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, again, going with our team, I’m going to say net GAAP earnings, gap of growth, net growth for the year should be about 4.5%, 5%, even though we had such a good first quarter. We’re seeing better orders, by the way, even the last three weeks. But that’s an area that we sell a significant amount of products in China. And nobody knows what’s going to happen with the lockdowns there. And it’s a short-cycle business and the comps are going to be tougher as we move forward because we did pretty well the last three quarters of last year. So, I would say, we’ve increased our outlook from January a little bit from, let’s say, 4% to 4.5%. We stay with that for now to see how things evolve as time goes on.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me first comment on the long-term legacy systems and programs of record. Some of that has happened, will happen. Some of it, I’m not so sure, because I don’t look through the same lens as the previous management did. Having said that, there are significant opportunities in Soldier Borne Sensor systems. And when you mentioned the unmanned systems, there’s a range of as you well know, if you move to the air, there is, of course, the Black Hornet. Black Hornet 3, which is 5 inches in size, very silent, and go about a mile, come back performing GPS-denied environment. We’re seeing real interest in that, and that’s doing very well. On the flip side, on the grant systems, our PackBots are doing really well. Actually, some of them, we saw some videos are being used in Ukraine, by the Ukrainan forces that we trained before the war. In the [indiscernible] that we have, they’re used and they’re doing very well. Some of them actually are were on the new Ukraine’s new helicopters in Kiev. Our IR sensors going to various drone manufacturers. And we’re seeing a lot of demand across all of our unmanned systems for not just drones, but also for the sensors that go on top of those. We also have, in the longer term, as you said, programs. We also have an interesting opportunity, which has to do with a larger drone. That’s a little bit like what is known as the Switchblade. That drone would be, if we can achieve a program of record, coming to the words you said. If we can achieve program of record for that drone, that would be a real winner. It’s in the final stages of prototyping, we should be able to get some revenue by the end of the year. It has really strong capability. It’s a vertical takeoff and landing drone. It has opportunities to carry munitions. It’s recoverable. That is if you wave off an assignment, you can wave it within the last two seconds and bring it back. It’s got 30-minute flight time and you kind of go out 20 kilometers. So, when I think about something like that, that’s akin to an opportunity that we can enjoy when we get that certified and flying. Having said all of that, I think it’s important to recognize that getting into programs of record is not that easy. And what we like to focus on is get what you can now sell what you can now and then plan for in the future over the long term, but don’t hedge all of your eggs in that basket. I don’t know whether that helps or not.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That the total cost of that for FLIR and then Teledyne was at the order of $80-some million. It started in 2018. And we successfully ended it this quarter. We had some expenses in Q1. We also had to pay $3.5 million, the government that we obligated to pay. We’ve built that into the synergies for going forward already. But part of the reason that we’re able to have the synergies that we enjoyed with Teledyne FLIR is that when we bought them, we said, look, we expected to have accretion in the first year. And we thought that at the time the accretion would be somewhere between $40 million to $80 million this year. So, when I see it right now, I would guess, $80 million would be the low end, and it would be closer to $100 million in synergies. And that kind of absorbs some of the opportunities that we see now that the consent decrease behind us.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Kristine. That's a very good question. Let me start with the effect, the net effect. We think in the first quarter of this year, the one just behind us the effect of shortages affected us by about $74 million. We think going forward, that's not going to be changing all that much. Having said that we also were able to buy components, find components or redesign our products that let us sell over a $100 million of products that we couldn't have, if we had not enjoyed that. We have a very robust activity dealing with shortages in our procurement led by Paul DeLaRosa and 30 of our business units. So they do three things. First, they identify who has the shortages and what are the common suppliers for those shortages. And we then deal directly as a company with that supplier and prioritize what we can buy from them. So we may have shortages in various businesses, but one may not affect our revenue as much as the other. So we – that help us focus on the high priority ones. Second, we source from third parties, especially, we have our own people in the [indiscernible] plus we have some of our suppliers, primary suppliers for our semiconductor requirements that are looking for part. So if we're missing like 700 parts today, we may have already found maybe 450 parts that we can enjoy. But we have to of course bring them in and qualify them. We're not just going to take them and put them into our product. We have to qualify them, like we do everything else. And then we also, lastly, look at redesign that is, can we redesign not just a specific part, but can we redesign the product? I'd say the camera that we are selling to avoid the part that has significant shortage, especially if we see forward – looking forward. So long answer to your question is the following. One, yes, we're going to have some revenue shortfall because of that. But it's not going to be killing us. It's going be in the same level that we had. And part of it is alleviated, because we've also put in some inventory. That's one of the reasons that we talked about our cash. We've increased our inventory in setting on our shelves, our products, and also materials that we have either bought long term or products that once we get the part, we can get it out the door. There's a whole combination of these things that's kind of so far has helped us avoid significant effects on the company as a whole. I hope Kristine that answers your question.
Robert Mehrabian: Not much difference, Kristine. I think, there is digital imaging as an example, which is now 60% of our business. It's the same, because we make very similar products different end markets, similar product complexity, et cetera. So I would say it's the same. There's some exceptions here and there by and large, though that is the same.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We'll hold some, of course, we will Noah. But here's the thing. I think the combination of the things that I just mentioned, is making us feel a little more comfortable. The other thing is some of our businesses have been a little too conservative. We had a plan to reduce our inventory this year by a similar amount. So now it's gone up that much. So if we can bring it back that we still have ample inventory. We just have to move it around so that the measurement is such that it doesn't really hurt our cash flow. We have, for example – the problem we have, for example, with wafers. That's something that – that's long term, and we got to buy it. We buy 30,000 wafers in digital imaging. And we've got to buy it and we've got to keep it because that's one that you cannot buy in the market, whether it's East Asia or whether it's here, you can't buy that. So that one, we do. But there are other things that we can get rid of this year.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That's a good question. There is – there's two parts to that. One of them is materials. And the other one is wages. On the material side, with everything that's going on in the world, our costs are increasing at this time, about 3.5% of our gross – cost of our goods. And frankly, we look at that from both the business side and also look at it from the corporate side. Wage inflation is a little less, maybe 3.25%. So – when you roll that up all together, we're seeing about cost increases of 3%, let's say. The flip side is we also are increasing prices ourselves, where we can, not in every program. We're pretty much offsetting that with price increases. So net-net, so far, being very careful and prudent in what we do. We've managed to negate those two when we'll have to work very hard to keep doing that.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me think, for example. I think about overall were 25%. I would say, about just under 20%, 19% is U.S. and DoD. And I'd say about 5% to 6% is foreign at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. No, that's a good question, Jim. Let me start with the total company, if I may. Book-to-bill is pretty healthy. It's 1.09%. We have really good backlog, by the way, the highest backlog that I remember, we have about $2.95 billion of backlog. And we backlog, we define very carefully. It's kind of money that we already know is going to come in. So our book-to-bill of 1.09% is pretty healthy, but it's variable across the company. Let's start with the Digital Imaging. Digital Imaging is a little less than the whole company, it's about 1.04%, but still healthy. In instruments, it's close to the company total. It's at 1.08% with marine being a little higher than environmental marine being at 1.13%. And test and measurement being at 1.07%. Environmental at 1.04%. So the total instrumentation is same as the company at 1.08%. Aerospace and defense electronics, as I mentioned, because of the commercial aerospace comeback, we have a 1.13 book to bill and an engineer systems where our revenue went done for the reasons I mentioned, partly because we are not going to – we got out of the turbine engine business after the first quarter of last year, plus we've been eating into our backlog. We have some really nice additions. Our book to bill is 1.38, but I'm always cautious on that one because that's a long-term program lumpy program wins. So overall 1.09, that's pretty good for us in this environment.
