Robert Mehrabian: Hi, Greg. Good morning to you also. The cameras are long wavelength infrared cameras. They're made with our own sensors produced on a wafer level packaging. They are 640 by 480 of 17 micron pixel size. And we're just beginning the manufacturing of those cameras, as we announced. We are getting interest from a large number of manufacturers. And while it's still speculative, we're positively motivated to increase production of those cameras. So how big an opportunity it is too early to tell.
Robert Mehrabian: Not yet. The short answer is not yet. But I have to put that in perspective. The Marine businesses today are really we expecting the midpoint to be over $425 million. Only 150 of that or 35% about is in offshore oil exploration, offshore oil production and very little on land oil. So, most of our marine businesses we already see 65% is in defense, construction and other areas. Going back to the oil and gas, we do have good orders so far for the year. It's over 1, it's 1.1 and we don't see any cancellations yet. Having said that, that's in the oil production. In the oil exploration, we're seeing a little bit of softening, but in our orders, and considering the price of crude and what's happened to Brent, we think that we expect to have some softening later in the year. So we're taking that into consideration in our guidance, but the good part is, there is a good part to this for us versus 2014, when oil collapsed in '15 and '16, is that at that time, the majority of our marine sales were in oil and gas, today it's only 35%.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. So let me start from the latter part of your question, which is do I expect more restructuring? In the first quarter we had about $0.21 of restructuring. We were doing a little cost stakeout right now in the second quarter. And we expect that if things don't change get worse, we'll have to take some more out. We think that overall for the year, including first quarter can range between $0.40 and $0.50; $0.40 on the on the lower side. The margin effect is very interesting. Our margins weigh on the midpoint, we will always work with the midpoint of our guidance, which would get would be about 965 in earnings in EPS and about [3140] [ph] in revenue. Stay with that. With those numbers, I think instruments margin in the instrument segment should increase slightly maybe as much as 15 basis points. Digital Imaging year-over-year, we believe margins can go as high as 90 basis points above last year. In the aerospace and defense, very different issue. Defense is going to do okay. But aerospace is going to be done significantly and that's one of our highest margin businesses, so we think margins year-over-year would go down as much as 700 basis points. Engineering systems will go up probably 75 to 80 basis points. So overall segments will go down because of aerospace primarily, a little over 100 basis points and maybe 110. But we have cost control in the corporate domain. So, overall in the midpoint we think margins can go down as much as 80 basis points. But that, of course, is preliminary data on everything we know right now.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. There are -- we are seeing a little disruption right now, especially in our printed circuit board -- specialized printed circuit board supply chain. The flip side of it is why we have hiccups. We have a very strong procurement initiative underway that started two years ago, actually to reduce procurement costs and they're shifting their emphasis to working with our suppliers to ensure that we do have a reasonable supply chain. Hiccups yes, I expect that we'll have more, so far nothing very serious. What's been troubling on the defense side is that availability of some of our customers to approve product that we're delivering to them. For example, just a simple example, in our shadow water combat submersibles, which are the boats we make for the Special Ops. We'd have the boat ready to test but because of the restrictions -- COVID's restrictions, our divers and the government divers can't test them. So they can't take delivery completely without getting paid completely. So there's those kinds of things happening all over. But, going back to something I said, Jim earlier, we know how to deal with these issues. We've done it before. We did it in 2015, '16, when oil collapse, we did in 2008 and 2009, in the financial crisis. So we're taking this into consideration with our guidance.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the first part which is last year, we had, this is one of those cases that -- good case is usually we say things like, we have a tough comps, or we try. Last year, semiconductor and factory automation really in general relatively weak. So our comps this year as last year are better. Let me start there. We think machine vision, this mission vision systems part of our overall digital imaging should be flat this year. We think overall digital imaging will increase. But I think the vision system will be flat and there's some good gives and takes. Our flat panel display orders are pretty good right now. Our scientific cameras are doing well. Semis catching up, we do have some incremental sales from acquisitions that we made the site cam from Roper and micro line in Canada, which makes MEMS products. So we think some of the other stuff is going to do well. Our aerospace and defense businesses in machine vision are doing well and we expect them to continue. So overall, I'm going to say the semi factory automation, we are lucky because last year, we had such weak revenue so the comps are easier. The others we've done okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with energy first, if I may. As I mentioned before, on the oil and gas part of our business is about $150 million and it's less than 5% of our revenues today. In that market, the products that we make lag the overall market that is, our orders presently are good and will continue for the next two quarters. We think it will soften in Q4. So while the primes are suffering today, I think our suffering will come a little later. The same happens with the recovery if the recovery come, which would obviously depend on the overall economy. We will be lagging the recovery. Having said all of that, in the overall marine businesses, which we kind of look at it as our energy businesses, we have really strong programs in the defense area, both vehicles and other areas like mine confirmations, et cetera. So, we see some downside for us. Recovery as to -- we need to bottom, I don't know. But I think recovery for us will come later. And we've all suffered the consequences of the current downturn perhaps later in the year. Going to commercial aerospace, I can't guess it. Right now, it's -- again, we're lucky. It's 6% of our sales, we have $90 million decline that we're projecting from last year to this year from about 211 to 120 or so. And again, we also there also lag the market after the 911 in 2001. Aviation didn't really recover until 2003. So that was a two year hiatus and we suffered the consequences of that. So, if that's an indication of how long is probably before things start turning up, it'd be another two years before we see a recovery. And frankly, that's the way we're treating these businesses. We are taking cost out, Joe permanently. And barley we've taken almost 20% of our folks out in that business a plus the other people are on furlough and other things. So the long answer is, the recoveries in both segments, the aerospace should be longer timeframe than energy in my view. We won't suffer much from the energy, we are taking hit from the deviation.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start by saying, because obviously, we're lowering our earnings right now. So our free cash should be a little lower than last year. Last year, we had about $400 million. We think this year it'd be about 375, maybe even a little less. Having said that, we are taking very strong action now to reduce our inventories across our businesses, how successful it'd be will depend on how well we execute. If we do all the things that we've laid off, out to do, we might keep last year's free cash flow. But, the other thing that happened is, if you look at 2009 versus 2008. In 2008, free cash flow was fairly low; it was like $111 million. In 2009, when we came out of it, our free cash flow grew almost double to $190 million. The same thing happened in the '15 ,'16 timeframe. Free cash flow went from 160 million in 2015 to 250 million in 2016. So, the answer is this. I think we do okay, this year if we execute, we'll be around 375 maybe a little better. But if history is a lesson, we'll come out at this much stronger next year because of our ability to discipline. Our CapEx is going to be lower this year than last year; Al is kind of controlling that almost project by project justification. So I think we should be alright. And we do have cash in the bank.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Let me, if I may Joe, you didn't ask it, but I think in the machine vision business things because of this back to work "framework". We also in the machine -- but in machine vision, health care products, we're doing okay there. In the test and measurement, we're lagging a little bit. On the other hand, our protocol in our test and measurement businesses had two legs to it. One of is oscilloscope and affiliated systems for looking at electronics hardware. The other part, the protocols, which are the standards by which in digital imaging systems communicate that area we're doing really well, both here and in China. And so I think our T&M, test and measurement, while we expect it to be essentially flat this year, it's probably going to be a little down because of what we do of acquisition there. So it we might be done 3% or 4%. But China is not our problem. Our problem is really right now is Europe and North America. Moving to environmental, that's a different story. We're seeing some compression there in China, two reasons. One, we make a lot of product that go in air quality monitoring, and measurements of air quality, continuous monitoring as well as measurement. And we see weaknesses there. The second thing, which is a little even more troubling, is the Chinese government emphasis that Chinese companies buy Chinese made product. That's not as much discussed in the United States. We've had initiatives like Buy America initiatives previously, but there's a strong emphasis there to do that. And frankly, I don't mind assembling products there. I don't want to manufacture products there because of other issues. So we are seeing some compression there and that's a little worrisome, but we do have new products and we will compete with everybody and we get our share of the market in that business.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the latter part of the question, Andrew, if I may. As I mentioned, unlike other companies that are making such devices, we make the sensors ourselves in our MEMS foundry in Canada in Bromont. And we make it on a wafer level packaging scale. So, we are our own supply chain. So that's the good part. The cameras are called Caliber. And we've been making various versions of the Caliber camera for about a year or longer. The ones that we're talking about are handheld, they're our newest product. They've just been manufactured. I cannot tell you how fast we can grow that, but obviously, we're going to do our best to increase production as fast as we can. Our cameras are also -- lastly, the sensors that we use that we make are vanadium oxide based sensors, really nice sensors 17 micron pixels whereas a lot of the other products around the world are made from amorphous silicon. So we think we have a niche there. I know there are some other companies that have had really a ton of publicity because of this domain. I don't know whether this is kind of move the needle in $3.2 billion revenue company.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the rationale. That's it, that's easy one. Photonis primarily makes night vision product for the war fighters. And they do it for almost the rest of the world that has to have an ITAR-free product whereas our two companies in this country don't have ITAR restrictions. The second part that there is business related, again, is in life sciences, but 80% of the business is in defense. Now, what they do have is a very nice product, nice processes, but what they have lacked because they've been supportive by private equity, what they've lacked is the ability to significantly invest or acquire digital imaging companies that would complement it. Almost everything we do in our digital imaging is complimentary to what they have, including the infrared sensors I just mentioned. So we think we will, and digitization is obviously the future of that domain as well. So we think we made some significant capabilities to that product. Now, where are we? Unfortunately, on March 31, we were verbally notified that the Foreign Investment Office of France that they were going to have a negative opinion by the Minister of Economy, essentially saying there is going to be total transaction. Everything has gone quite since then. There are some indications that the Minister of Economy may be reconsidering. We don't know. Ultimately, one or two scenarios can develop. They will reaffirm the verbal detail. We have a written response from them because our agreement with the people we're buying it from is such that everything is in escrow until a final decision has been made. So once we get a written agreement would be one of the following. Either they'll reject it, which is same as their verbal, or they'll come back and agree to a transaction but put certain conditions on it. Now, we are used to certain conditions because we bought two businesses in France, would have operations in France. First, e2v be which we bought several years ago, last year, we bought Gas and Flame Detection business from 3M. In both those cases, there were certain conditions in terms of because they were supplying product to the French government, et cetera, in terms of how long we kept the businesses, et cetera. And we agreed to those conditions because frankly, they were also in our best interest. So we have a really good relationship with the Ministry of Economy and his offices in that domain, and we have a good track record with them. So if the conditions are not honored, they could be onerous, then we could live with it. On the other hand, if the conditions are onerous that would damage our ability to run the company, then we won't be able to complete the transaction. So that's a long way of giving you the best answer I have. And we expect to hear from them. I don't know it could be shortly or it could be a couple of months.
