Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. We'd like now to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. There are two parts to that. One is our marine businesses and the other is our environmental and electronic test and measurement businesses. In the marine businesses, our margins declined somewhat primarily because we are still continuing to consolidate some of our operations. As an example, we are relocating an operation from the United Kingdom to Florida, and where as a consequence of that there are some changes that we took, our margins declined to 8.3%. That's in the marine businesses. On the flipside, the rest of Instrumentation had really good margins. Environmental had margins of 19.8% and test and measurement margins were up 75 basis points to 14.8%. So, it's the combination of the two that lowered the overall margins to 12.3%. But I think going forward, with the marine charges behind us, the marine margins hopefully will increase to double-digit again.
Robert Mehrabian: I think we are seeing CapEx growth among our customers. I did project CapEx growth. We have generally been very cautious with our capital, except this year. We have two or three projects that are very important for us to invest in, in capital investments. The first one is our MEMS foundry in Canada, in Bromont, Canada, is under capacity constraints right now. We have so much work that we are not able to meet all of our customer needs. So we are going to invest somewhere between $10 million and $15 million more next year and expand that facility by another at least 10,000 square feet. Second, in our X-ray businesses, in our detector businesses which are for medical and dental applications, in our CMOS X-rays, we are again capacity-limited. We do most of that work in Canada near Toronto. We also have another operation in the Netherlands. We are going to take over part of a former Philips cleanroom facility to also start making detectors in Europe to expand our capacity to meet needs. And then lastly, we bought e2v. It has been – some of the operations there have been starved for capital investments and we'll be making some serious capital investments to upgrade our facility, especially in Chanceford where we make a lot of our products. So, for us, the normal CapEx expenditures, which are approximately $50 million to $65 million, with these additions we think that our CapEx will move another $20 million to about $80 million.
Robert Mehrabian: 2018, yes, you are right. I am estimating currently, we are estimating currently about 3%. Partially it's because we don't expect marine to grow much. We think 2019 would be the year it will grow, based on everything that we see. The other side is that in environmental and test and measurements, we are expecting about 3%. Also should do better than that our Digital Imaging, over 4%. So, overall we think 3% organic growth and another 3% acquisition impact. Total right now at this moment we are looking at about 6%.
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, I am fairly positive about Digital Imaging. Our book-to-bill at the end of the year is about 1.16 for all of 2017 when we ended the year. So, that bodes well going forward. We think that the only problem with that business is that some of it is very short cycle businesses. It could be better but I'm being conservative. I'm positive about it because we have a lot of new products that are really introduced and are doing very well in the market. The U.S. based digital imaging market is estimated right now to grow about 14%. Overall, I would say I'm positive about Digital Imaging, both because we are introducing new products but we also have some new products in the infrared domain. And then finally, as you know, we do have a part of Digital Imaging that is here in Thousand Oaks area, in Camarillo, where we do government infrared imaging business. We are getting traction, really good traction in some classified programs. We don't show all the margin improvements there because as you know, our research lab which is located here which we acquired in 2016, we reinvest all the income in that business to develop new products, and we've done that since 2006. So, all in all, we think Digital Imaging will do well. But where we think there is going to be some tough comps, as you put it, it will be in the other areas, especially in the A&D section/segment in avionics because of record work that we had in aftermarket product. So, Digital Imaging I'm very positive about, maybe a little conservative.
Robert Mehrabian: I'll try. I think for the Company it's closer to 1 for the quarter. Going back to Digital Imaging, for the quarter alone is about 1.12. In the Instrument area, overall it's about 0.9 with environmental and T&M being closer to 1, marine being below that. AD&E, which is our Aerospace and Defense Electronics, it's a little over 1. And Engineered Systems, right now it's below 1 but for the whole year it's 1.04. As you know, that's a lumpy government business, so you got to take a longer-term view of that. So, overall for the quarter we are close to 1 if you look at overall. If you look at the whole year, we are about 5% up, so it's 1.01. I'm sorry, we're up 1.05.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, a little bit. There's two parts to that, George. One part has to do with avionics, which is our radar acquisitions and communication systems of Boeing commercial aircraft and some defense aircraft. We are a little cautious in that domain because we had such a great year this year, especially in the aftermarket. The flipside, we are more positive about our microwave product in the defense portion, partially because investments even the sequestration, or continuing resolution I should say, the electronic warfare budgets are moving up because of the problems that we have with our adversaries. So, we expect an uptick in the rest of our Defense Electronics businesses. So, combining the two together, we think it's going to be, if up, relatively modestly up. I should also note that in Defense Electronics we do have some serious opportunities for growth next year which are not defense related. These have to do with our products that are going into the new satellite systems, like in OneWeb. There we have, we ship the channelizers, which essentially permit the signal to be divided in 16 or so channels, and we are expecting we are provided all the engineering products and we expect the launch contract there for the future. And as you know, that's going to be over 1,000 satellites that would be launched sometime in 2018 and forward.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question. The years you mentioned are, marine margins were about 18%. As you'll recall, two things happened. One, our marine revenue between 2014 and 2016 went down over $200 million. And even in 2014 it was $655 million. We finished 2017 closer to $430 million. So, that's a serious contraction. The contraction primarily happened in our oil and gas exploration and production business. The rest of our marine businesses have remained fairly good. But in order to maintain content on our offshore platforms, we've had to reduce price significantly by about 20% to 25%, which is effective margins but at the same time it's enabled us to get long-term majority, commitments for majority of their products to be bought from us. So, coming back to the oil prices – by the way, concurrently though with that of course we have cut costs significantly, have taken out almost 800 to 900 of our employees. On the oil price, as you know, Brent hit a three year high this year, close to $70. We see signs of commitments to offshore production. They take anywhere from 12 months to 24 months to become realized. We see some improvements in Christmas trees, which are the equipment that go on to oil-head in the bottom of the ocean. 2016 was the very low. 2017 doubled from 80 to 170. 2018 is projected to go to 236 and 2019 to almost 300 Christmas trees. Now remember, the years you mentioned going back before 2013, the average was about 400. So, I don't think it's going to get up there but I don't think oil has to be at $100 for those businesses just to get traction, partially because everybody has reduced their breakeven cost and some of the deepwater offshore production is now profitable at less than $50. And so, while volume we expect we'll begin increasing in 2019, margins would go for what was in the Q4, the best on 10%, should go above 10%. Whether they'll ever get to 18, I don't know but that certainly improves somewhere between where they are now and where they were then. I hope that answers your question.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me just answer the first part. It's been a great acquisition by any measure for us. But if I go back, I look at our other large acquisition, DALSA, when we acquired it in 2011 it had relatively compressed margins. Now, e2v has good margins. But DALSA this year enjoyed margins approaching 20%. e2v on the other hand, while it has good margins, please recall that overall their margins are lower than DALSA and partially because we have intangible amortization. In the Digital Imaging for example, e2v's amortization for this year 2018 is about $11 million. So, that compresses the margin. And consequently, e2v's overall GAAP margins are lower than DALSA. Going forward, I think because of the intangible compression, e2v will grow the overall margin for Digital Imaging. Having said that, DALSA used to have a compressed margin, but its margins have more than doubled. The same thing with LeCroy. When we bought LeCroy, it had very low margins. It has more than doubled since our acquisition. And if we do what we did in those domains with e2v, I think our margins will improve with time. There also you asked a question of how some of those products may carryover to other segments. First, in the space imaging domain we have between DALSA, Teledyne Imaging here, and e2v, we practically own the visible and the infrared businesses for astronomy and we are making some large in-roads in defense programs. Similar to e2v, because e2v has not had access to the U.S. defense market, we expect that we'll be able to introduce some other product into our defense markets here, which is of course a bridge across to our other products. Also, we have inherited some really outstanding high-performance analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog conversion devices that cut across all of our businesses. Between what they bring and what we have, I think we'd have a significant overlap, and certainly hope in all of our other segments. So, it's been a great acquisition. It doesn't have the margins that DALSA has. But DALSA didn't have the margins it has now and when we acquired it, but it does have highly margin. We've got mid double-digit margins even with amortization of intangibles that I mentioned.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the valuation of course is problematic to a certain extent, but it's not a very good excuse in a lot of ways. If we find the right thing and we pay the right price, even if it's a little over what we would have paid two years ago, we would acquire businesses. Our focus right now is in two areas. Obviously Digital Imaging and anything related to that domain would be very attractive for us. And the other we have a bit is in the environmental portion of our Instrumentation business. We make a lot of different products there, ranging from water quality monitoring, air pollution monitoring, particulates in air, and we made one small acquisition, SSI, in mid-year this year, and we would like to do more of that. So, we will make some acquisitions. The size of course we prefer if it was significantly larger so it moved the needle, but we expect to – we have the money, we have the financial resources as I said, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is right now about 2.3, was 3 when we acquired e2v. Our net debt is about $1 billion. If we even generate the cash we did this year, which was over $300 million, that was significantly down this year. We have anywhere from right now about 600 million to 700 million capacity to buy things and by year-end that should go up by another $300 million. So, we'll buy things if we can find the right products, Digital Imaging being first, environmental being second in terms of our preferences.
