Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Cathy would now like to take questions. If you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, there are different, obviously different markets that we participate in, Mark. The marine market is obvious one and I don't need to dwell on that one, except to note that some of our customers are indicating condition of weak capital spending even 2017. And for that, as I've indicated, we have done all of cost adjustments that we need to do. And I think in Q4, because of that, because of the headwind that we have there, plus the fact that frankly, Mark, other than in the commercial aerospace business and some of our government programs, we don't see a very strong economic incentive. The GDP is still or was, very low. We think sequentially in Q4, to be more specific, we should be relatively flat with Q2. We see a little uptick in the immediate future. Now 2017 may change that.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Mark, we have an exception of third quarter primarily because of our avionics businesses and that was driven by customers, specifically in China, that had indicated and have implemented a process for deploying all of their commercial aircraft using our wireless ground link. We think going forward that will moderate somewhat once we get through this bump. And I think we'll see margins in the aerospace and defense sector in the upper teens -- maybe not over 20%, but certainly in the upper teens.
Robert Mehrabian: We started really getting customer funded R&D going back about five years and it has gradually increased every year. Collectively to date, we probably received over $60 million in customer-funded R&D. The primary drivers for that are first, very high-powered connectors for downhole and for those purposes, we're using ceramic connectors which were developed in our scientific laboratories here at corporate. Second, there is a desire for looking at longevity of products that are put on the ocean floor. As you know, we have had a long history of building robust, durable and reliable structure materials for space, where you can -- you don't have the luxury of bringing products back just to repair.  The same applies to underwater, especially deep water. They want -- our customers want to have products have a minimum life of 25 years or more, so our research lab here is taking lessons learned and technologies developed for space and applying those same principles for materials testing, accelerated testing and other properties in the underwater products.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim and yes, both of those are accurate. First, the comparisons are going to become easier. We took about -- I'm going to say approximately 100 -- we expected it to be $170 million to $190 million decrease in our marine instrumentation business year-over-year. Now, we made some of that up, maybe $60 million or $70 million of that up in other businesses. But nevertheless, next year's comparisons are going to be a little bit more favorable than were this year's. Second, the book-to-bill that we're looking at the present time, while not really that robust in the marine business, is just below 1. In the remainder of our portfolio, we're seeing book-to-bill ratios if 1.01, 1.05, 1.10 and we have loan programs that are maturing that we expect to have more revenue from. So that's why I think we should be relatively comparably do better next year than we did this year, compared to last year.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think what will happen is, our margin will probably moderate a little bit in Q4, it won't be as high as Q3. But having said that, it will be going forward, it should be in the 39%, 39% and a tad bit over range going forward. That's primarily because we've taken huge amount of costs out in our businesses. As example, last year in 2015, when the marine businesses start going south, we took out about 465 of our people. This year, another 460 have gone, so a total of 65, 55, 460 that's over 1100. And that's more than 11.5% of our workforce. Very unfortunate to have to do that because we don't have the business. We also consolidated a lot of our facilities and have taken a lot of fixed costs out. And I expect to maintain that going forward. And if we're very disciplined which we will remain disciplined, I think that kind of cost control will help our overall margins as we move forward. So those are kind of the various aspects that give you some confidence for the future.
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall, as you know, under a CR, you can't get new programs started. Putting that aside, we have a healthy set of existing programs. And I'll give out a few of them that I expect to continue and be favorable for us. And frankly, it has been okay. It has been a good year for our defense businesses. First, even in the marine domain, 60% of our marine businesses are ocean science and a big chunk of it is defense. The Virginia submarine production continues and we supply penetrators and cables to those and that's a substantial program for us. I don't expect that to change. In the shallow water combat vehicle which we're building for special ops, we have now our engineering model that has been tested with our special ops for over six months and doing very well. We should go into [indiscernible] with our first two boats and then hopefully we'll get a production order for the next two in 2017. Similarly, in other defense businesses, if you go underwater, we make ROVs for the Navy to dispose of underwater explosives. And we just received two sequential contracts of $6 million each to produce a total of 30 such vehicles and we also have similar programs for other defense programs for the Navy. For mine countermeasure assistance, we have a $50 million program there. And finally, our overall programs in traveling wave tubes electronic warfare, are moving along pretty well, both for the U.S. defense, as well as places like Korea which is important obviously. So I think from a defense perspective, the CR should not be affecting us much. But if it continues far too much in the future, since we continue to compete for new and bigger programs, it might affect us. But short term, I don't see, I don't see any problems.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think we're already enjoying improvement in our market share, primarily because our products are so robust and we have been able to take the cost up. The market itself, is up. It's interesting. Of course there's the onshore market which deals with shale. Most people would agree that with the marine studies, the break-even there is around $60 for oil price. It's already hit close to that this year and we have seen some rig count increases in the on-shore market. By the way, we do make cable products for the onshore. Right now people are using existing rigs and maybe salvaging stuff to put new rigs in, but there has been substantial improvement in that market. In the off-shore, there are three scenarios. There's the shallow water which would be 1,000 feet or less. Again, there the break-even is about $50, $55. Onshore, as I said, it's $60, maybe $50. The same applies to shallow water. Interestingly enough, deep water is much more expensive, but ultra-deep water is a little cheaper. And ultra-deep water, people predict about a $65 oil price. And that's primarily because also in deep water, you hit larger reservoirs. So the answer to your question, the long winded way of answering is it's getting close to the price where some of these projects will become justifiable. And of course projects that have already started, they are going. So between us making better products, with our research making more robust products that can perform at higher temperatures, higher voltages, higher amps and having taken costs down and the fact that people want to do more processing on the ocean floor, so they have to use more connectors like we make, we have more content per tree or manifold, all of those things favor Teledyne. So I think we've bottomed out. Whether its end of 2016 or early 2018, it's going to come back as you've said and I think we're going to be in the best positions to join that. And frankly, the consolidations to date have not hurt us. I don't know if they have benefited us, but they haven't hurt us at all.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, test and measurements, we have done a number of things. First, we're really focusing on certain things -- first oscilloscopes, of course that is our mainstay. But we have gone to two different directions. First, we have a small amount of protocol business which came with LeCroy. We have added a substantial amount of protocol businesses to our portfolio and protocols are really rules of communication between let's say devices. So that's a new market for us and that's contributed to some of our growth. We made two acquisitions in that domain and essentially, device-to-device connectivity, such as Bluetooth or wi-fi or HDMI and we're leaders in that. That has helped us with the growth. The second thing, we have taken our capabilities in oscilloscopes which are really a way of looking at circuitry and we have applied them to new areas, such as testing motors, motor drives. We have motor drive analyzers that we have introduced into the market that are really enjoying growth, strong growth. We have also had some businesses in torque sensors and strain-gauges that we're now bringing our capabilities in electronic measurements to and that will -- we have already established a center in Detroit for automotive businesses. That's helping us grow.  Flipping to auto for a second, for auto test and measurement, the one area that I should note that we're doing very well is in our Machine Vision. And we not only are doing well in the industrial Machine Vision, whether it's flat panel displays or semiconductors, but we also have a lot of new designs for our X-rays in the medical and dental X-rays. So all these combinations, with a very healthy commercial avionics business, bode well for Teledyne as we go forward.
Robert Mehrabian: We're always looking at that area. So far, we're not a big player. We do have obviously some 3-D vision products. Our whole optic or laser three-dimensional laser imaging business is all about that. Both ground based and aero -- from aircraft. That's all a bit of the three-dimensional vision system. On the other hand, there are other people that are playing in the 3-D vision for manufacturing. But we're not in it. But we're always looking at that.
Robert Mehrabian: Both. We're obviously looking for sizeable -- and sizeable to us would be something in the range of what we have required DALSA and we acquired LeCroy, $200 million to $300 million, maybe a little more. That would be very attractive, we're obviously looking at some of those. On the other hand, the bolt-ons really are made -- it's our forte, that's what we're good at. We have made 50-something, 54-plus acquisitions and we're pretty good at accruing the profitability. We have a whole range of bolt-on acquisitions in our pipeline, that we're both looking at them and trying to compete with others for.
