Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like now to take your questions. Justin, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say from the 2017. And a little bit this year, a little more this year. It was -- it contributed, Greg, about $88 million to our overall revenues, which is about 12.7% of the total in Q1.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me just go through that the best I can. I think, in the Instruments segment, we had a little shrinkage in marine in the first quarter. But I think that would kind of work its way out because we think it will be better going forward. So marine should be about 2.5%, and total Instruments would be over 3%. Digital Imaging should stay over 7%, maybe 7.3%. These are organic numbers I'm giving you. Aerospace and Defense, the defense part will increase, the aerospace part would probably shrink a little bit like it did in Q1, but it should be over 1%. Engineered Systems, relatively flat, maybe up 1.5% with a total of about 4%. Greg, I would just preface this by saying we are obviously a little cautious about our revenue and organic versus other growth, primarily because half of our portfolio is short-cycle businesses. And we can't predict what will happen to the various markets. But so far, it's worked for us pretty well.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the budget has been really good for us. First, the budget overall grew about 10%, 10.2% to be precise. But where we have seen the most positive effect has been in our Defense Electronics. Our Defense Electronics grew about 31% year-over-year. Of course, e2v contributed about 10.3% of that, over 7% of that. But that's been really good. We've grown in our microwave businesses, interconnect businesses and as well as in our manufacturing. And the reason for this is the budget for a change has got a very healthy increase in electronic warfare, which helps us a lot because that's what we do in most of our products.  And also, there are two other things. One is Virginia-class submarine program where we have a significant business in, that's going to continue about two per year. And Missile Defense is up, which is where our Teledyne Brown Engineering, which is part of our Systems Engineering segment, does a lot of work. So overall, I would say the defense budget increases have been very healthy for us.  I must conclude by saying, because the budget came in late, there are some issues about being able to -- for the government to be able to get the numbers out, to get the awards out. So the awards and contracts are lagging the 10% so far. I'd say they're closer to 5%.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim. Let me just note first, on a larger picture, our Digital Imaging ground rate right now is about $800 million. Of that, machine vision is about $285 million, or about 6% of that or less than $50 million is in flat panel displays. As you know, there's a little bit of concern about flat panel displays. When you look at the overall budget in Digital Imaging, that business, that part of the business, is only 6% of Digital Imaging and less than 1.8% of Teledyne as a whole. So if that goes up and down, goes down a little, it's not going to change things for us. Where we are enjoying really good uplift is in a lot of barcode IDs, sensors, cameras for identification. We also have a very strong ophthalmology digital program. We have also -- where we do -- provide cameras for optical coherence tomography. We have other things in printing, factory automation. And of course, we have a strong program in defense and space. And we have some -- we also play some in food and solar, recycling and other sensors.  So all in all, what we anticipate is that we may have a little headwind as some people are projecting in FPD, but that's not going to affect as much because the business portfolio in Digital Imaging is very well-distributed among many industries and like the portfolio for all of Teledyne. And things are -- things look all right for us. And we're integrating, of course, a lot of the stuff from e2v directly across with DALSA as well as our imaging programs here in Thousand Oaks.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, in the marine area, we're moving an operation, as I indicated, from the U.K. to Florida. It's just one -- it's a small business. It's -- because it makes very large systems, we've had some delays in shipping of the systems because we have to certify, I mean, in their existing factories. We have taken about $2 million, $2.5 million hit from that. We expect a little continuation of that in Q2. But by the end of Q2, that should be behind us. And that's why I said I think in marine business, both our revenue will go up and I expect that our margins will improve as we move through the year.
Robert Mehrabian: I wish. I wish. No, there are some, maybe not exactly like e2v, because e2v was very unique. Everything they had kind of fit into one or another part of Teledyne. There are a few things we are looking at, but as you know, even with the current market going down slightly, everybody's looking in the rearview mirror and kind of have very high expectations. But I think things are moderating. So we should have some opportunities.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. First, on a broader scale, historically, we've been in line scan devices. We are now moving into the larger market of area scan. Second, which is a nice mid-market for us, we also have a whole series of new products. As one of our recent announcements indicated, both DALSA and e2v won awards at the recent Digital Imaging Show, gold and a silver medal in the new product introductions, both in line scan camera as well as in the optical coherence tomography camera, which I have mentioned before.  The other areas that, George, are really doing well for us is, first, in X-rays, as I mentioned, because we have introduced probably the most advanced X-ray detectors in the world, both for dental and medical applications. That business is growing fast enough that we've had to increase our capacity in our Eindhoven laboratories so that we can have 2 X-ray detector production facilities, one in Waterloo and one in Eindhoven. Second, the MEMS, as I mentioned, microelectromechanical relays -- microelectromechanical systems, there, we have increased -- we have had to increase a gain capacity. You saw our CapEx has increased a little bit. That's partly -- again, we're having to increase capacity there by 900 -- 9,000 square feet with clean rooms in order to accommodate the increased demand from both life science; we make some very interesting products for life science applications, as well as for more semiconductor applications as well as machine vision applications. So having said all of that, I think the distribution of growth is across our products. It ranges from MEMS to new products in sensors, new products in machine vision and also increased revenue from our RF products that are going into radiotherapy for cancer patients. So it's a broad portfolio, and it seems to be hitting on all cylinders so far.
