Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Susan. We would like to take your questions now. [indiscernible] if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg. Let me just start with the last question. The last part of your question the answer is yes. We are a little conservative because the comps are pretty tough compared to last year, but having said that let me answer the first part of your question. We think that I'll do it by segment and if you wish I can go into sub-segments we think engineered system segment is going to be relatively flat year-over-year maybe up 1% - 1.5% for the whole year. Our aerospace and defense segment which is a little more long cycle as is engineered systems we think will be up for the year maybe 4% - 4.3% or so let's say between 4% and 5%. On the digital imaging recognizing the fact that in Q1 we had acquisition related uptake because of e2v from last year's Q1 we had 10% uptake. From an organic perspective we think we will be for the whole year about 11% but if you throw in that 10% that we picked up from the e2v acquisition so overall it’ll be 21% about. Finally, in instruments which is our shortest cycle business specialist in environmental and test and measurement, we believe the organic growth would be of the order of 5% to 5.5%. We have a little bit of acquisition tailwind there about 1.3% to overall about 6.5%. We have a little bit of tailwind I should go back in our aerospace and defense about 1.8% from again e2v acquisitions. So the 4.3 I gave you included that. Organically, I think will be about 2.5%. I don't know if that answers Greg.
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall I would say the first quarter of digital imaging which has margins of about 16.4% that's probably what I would expect to end the year. So this quarter it was up. I think next two quarters it'll be down a bit with the average and they got about 16 to 16 .4 and that's primarily due to mix. Overall segment operating margin last year we ended with a 14.8% as you know and to honor this year with 14.6% Q2 everything worked in our favor with 17.1%. I think that would moderate as the year goes on closer to 16 to 16.5 we should end the year at 16.1 and if we do that we still gained 130 basis points in segment operating margin year-over-year.
Robert Mehrabian: First let me just break digital imaging down a bit. We have four different areas, five different areas there. Machine visioned is our largest one and on an annualized basis we anticipate that that will have revenues of approximately $275 million and those are mostly sensors and cameras and less than $50 million in flat panel displays. Healthcare which is our X-ray detectors and our X-ray sources for cancer treatment, radiotherapy those should have annualized revenue of about $225 million. There we have a little more backlog visibility than we do in sensors and cameras and we get longer-term programs there and we are gaining market share with our CMOS very sensitive high-resolution detectors. Aerospace and defense again we do have a visibility in our backlog Greg and we think that should end up about $245 million that includes our Teledyne scientific and imaging here in California. And the last two MEMS which is our microelectromechanical systems foundry that's in Bromont we expect that to have about $75 million in revenue. By the way that was ranked as the second largest independent MEMS foundry in the world recently. And it's going and we're making investments there and then we have a geospatial business which includes LiDAR and software for hydro for ocean, I think there we should have about a $50 million in revenue annualized. We are a little worried about the flat panel display market because we think that would be a little down in the second half of the year. On the other hand we see the logistics and robotics market increasing. So overall as I mentioned before when we annualized the revenue across digital imaging, organic growth of a little over 11% is pretty healthy. I hope that answers the question.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, it is. We expected to be above 1.1 of that or in Q2 it was pretty healthy. It was 1.19 but I think it’ll moderate in Q3 and this is in digital imaging of course and it should be above 1.1 by year-end.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you again. Let me start with the environmental and test and measurement and instrumentation. Then go to marine last. In the tests and measurements we have a series of three companies, small companies rolling together that protocol analyzers these are rule based test systems for people to be able to communicate among between devices and other things. For example your Bluetooth that you get in the car with and connect up that has certain rule based programs. Those businesses are growing very fast. Actually, we think in a little while there might be a bigger business than our oscilloscope business actually and it's a very profitable set of businesses. On the other hand our oscilloscope businesses have been growing very healthily and we have – there we have our high-definition 12-bit scopes that are doing really well in the market. And will enjoy significant growth there. So having said all of that the test and measurement growth is going to almost approached organically, almost approached 11%, maybe 10.8%. The environmental business is the more difficult to predict. Those includes among many things that we do including measuring quality of water as well as quality of air. Those have had a good run this year but those are really short cycle businesses and we for example sell a lot to China there. They're buying both our monitoring systems for their environment as well as other products and also we also supply the semiconductor in the series as you know it’s really doing good, growing very well. Having said all of that we're a little cautious about that business because it is such a short cycle business. We think organically for the year it will grow about 4% to 4.5%. Let me go back to Marine. Marine business year-over-year we expect it to grow about 3%. The parts of the Marine business that are doing really well and those would be marine that deals with the defense, a businesses such as submarine connectors and also – and then we have a lot of gliders that go into naval [indiscernible] space sensing. They are even talking about deploying a 100 gliders in front of the battleship group at any one time simultaneously. Those are doing great. If I move back to oil and gas while the oil prices are hovering around $70 and the expectations are that this year's cap investments would be almost $90 billion versus maybe $40 in 2016. Those are a little longer term by the time we get the orders. Frankly, what's happened is they've laid out so many people in those domains that they're having a hard time getting their purchase orders and their designs out. They're lacking engineers. So we think the recovery there is not going to come until close to the end of this year or most likely in 2019 and 2020. We think the longer-term, there's no question, that business is going to improve and I think that will be very good for us. I would finish off by just saying that a lot of our marine businesses of our non-oil and gas production overall they're from about $450 million that we expect for the year only about the $150 of it comes from oil exploration and production. We do have a little bit of land business there. So if that picks up it will be very good for us because we took it on the [chin] between 2015 and 2017 that business dropped about $200 million. So our expectations are that in the oil and gas domain marine there will be another year before we see a serious uptake.
