Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the second quarter, Teledyne achieved all-time record free cash flow allowing us to deploy approximately $852 million through July on debt repayment, acquisitions and stock repurchases. Non-GAAP operating margin increased from last year and increased in each of our three largest segments. Total sales and earnings increased sequentially and exceeded our most recent expectations, although year-over-year comparisons remain especially difficult in certain commercial markets, such as industrial automation and electronic test and measurement. Nevertheless, strong defense-related sales at Teledyne FLIR and our own legacy space based infrared imaging business partially offset the expected declines in industrial imaging systems. Furthermore, despite the anticipated year-over-year decline in certain instrumentation product lines, total instrumentation sales were a second quarter record due to exceptional performance of our marine instrumentation businesses. Primarily driven by our aerospace and defense businesses, orders were greater than sales for the third consecutive quarter and we ended the period with record backlog. Therefore, we're reasonably confident that quarterly sales will again increase sequentially and with a return to year-over-year sales growth in the second half of 2024. Finally, even with the significant capital deployment in the second quarter, our quarter end leverage remained at 1.7 and we plan to continue stock repurchases in the balance of 2024 as well as pursue acquisitions. I would now turn the call to Edwin who will further comment on the performance of our four segments.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Edwin. In conclusion, our second quarter performance was a testament to the strength of our balanced business portfolio. We also continued our proven strategy of increasing margin in those businesses which are growing while reasonably protecting margins in businesses with more challenging markets. Our current full year earnings outlook is identical to the last quarter with some markets such as industrial automation and electronic test and measurement remaining difficult, although year-over-year comparisons are easier in the second half while the outlook for our global defense, energy and aerospace businesses remain strong and is supported by our record backlog. Finally, we continue to review acquisition opportunities, but given the strength of our balance sheet and cash flow, we also plan to continue purchasing our own stock under our current $1.25 billion authorization. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Robert Mehrabian: We would like to take your questions. John, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim. First, you're correct in generally overall, but I think our overall book-to-bill was 1.07. It was -- digital imaging was close to 1, like 0.98. Instrumentation was just over 1 at 1.04. But as you said, aerospace and defense was very strong at 1.41 and engineered systems also strong at 1.25 resulting in a combined book-to-bill of 1.07 for the complete company.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the first part. It's defense is obviously as you said very important and is the long cycle business that's doing really well. The second area is energy and that's our marine instruments businesses. They've done exceptionally well for the year and will continue to do so. And then the third area is aerospace. Both aerospace from the computers that we have on commercial aircraft through aerospace and the aerospace from our imaging sensor businesses. Now going back to the commercial shorter cycle businesses, what we're seeing is we think that digital imaging as a whole, total digital imaging should be relatively flat in the second half of the year. That's year-over-year flat, which is good because it declined in the first half of the year. Some of the recovery that we're seeing is early signs that come from our MEMS, microelectronic mechanical systems, which are kind of like the canaries in the mine. We are seeing some uptick in orders there, which is encouraging especially from semiconductor industry. And then we also have some indications that our machine vision systems as example have stabilized and book-to-bill has reached 1 or a little better, which is encouraging. We're hoping that these trends will continue with semiconductor coming back and inspection businesses that we have picking up and some of our high end thermal cameras also doing better than they have. So I think overall, we're positively inclined towards the second half of the year.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. About that. Not to be picky, but we have 9.9%, which is very close to your 10%. But that's also tailored to cities there. In our test and measurement as you know, Andrew, we have two businesses. One is the oscilloscope business and the other one is our protocol business, which are basically rules for communication between devices and devices on the cloud. That business, the protocol business is coming back faster and is doing better, a little bit better. It's the oscilloscope business which is lagging. Having said that, we took cost out in that business. And fortunately for us, we took the cost out very early and the margins of instruments have remained pretty well. We anticipate, for example, about almost 94 basis points improvement in our total instrument portfolio even with part of CNM being weak, partially because our marine is very strong and our environmental businesses are doing okay. So I don't know whether that answers your question fully or not.
Robert Mehrabian: Two areas. First is the offshore oil production and discovery. We have -- as you know, we have instruments that are deployed in streamers to look down at acoustic signals that bounce from the ocean floor and determine whether there's oil and gas there. That's a strong business and continues to be. The other part is, of course, our connector businesses. They are doing really well. Actually, we're almost at capacity in that business. And then the second part of the marine business is the defense part of the business. As you know, we have defense unmanned vehicles, underwater vehicles. We also provide connectors for submarines. That business is doing really well and our underwater vehicle businesses are doing really well. So it's a combination of offshore oil production and discovery and defense and security.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question, Conor. I don't want to be effervescent about that because in the first two quarters, we've generated $576 million of free cash flow. I think in the second half, we have some bond payments coming due. We have some taxes coming due. So I think it's going to be less. We are hoping that our free cash flow would be above $900 million. That's where we're sitting right now with the front end being heavily loaded. But having said that, we're confident enough in our cash position to continue our purchases of our own stock.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think let's just look at the major programs that announcements that keep coming out. There's a whole slew of them. The most important one, I would say, that's new is our loitering unmanned aerial vehicle, which now is weaponized, what we call Rogue 1 and we already have our first order for over 100 systems for that and it competes very well against the competition, both in terms of precision, but also with the fact that you can send these vehicles to target. And if you decide to bring them back, you can do that easily. That's a distinguishing feature and of course, the other part is the accuracy. The next example as you may know is again staying with vehicles are very small mini drones. We saw the whole bunch of them over the years, what we call Black Hornet streets, which are about 6 inches in size. Black Hornet 4 was introduced this year and we got the first production order for about almost 1,000 systems recently. We expect that, that program will continue and be a very strong contributor to our defense businesses and these orders are from the U.S. government right now. Then we have -- as I mentioned, we have the inserts for the Virginia ore connectors for the Virginia and Colombia class submarines. Those businesses have really good backlogs and are doing well. We also have drones that come out of our Canadian operations, the R70 and R80. We have orders for those and we also have countered UAV systems that are being deployed in Europe. And finally, that's just an example. We have a very lightweight uncooled target recognition system, what we call the FWS family of weapons systems. We have the development order for it and we have the first production order for it. Those two combined over $70 million and expect about $500 million in IDIQ contracts. Those are just examples. I think our defense business especially FLIR defense has picked up the pace very well and we're very excited about that.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think basically, they were down 30 in Q1 and Q2 as Edwin indicated. I think that's now going to be about 10 and 10 in Q3 and Q4. So for the year would be about 20. So it's going to improve, partially it's improving partially because comps are getting easier to be frank and very straightforward about it. That market began softening last year in Q3, so the comps are going to get easier. But also we're seeing as I indicated before, we're seeing some uptick in certain areas and as you know, semiconductor industry is coming back and coming back strong and our products are used in the inspection systems all over the world.
Robert Mehrabian: I think our expectations right now are that they'd be relatively flat, maybe a little better in the second half. I don't want to be -- certainly, in Q4, we expect it to be stronger. But right now, we have to be very careful not to drink our own bath water because while things are looking well, good, we have both the vision systems, which are visual systems as well as our infrared systems. So we have -- we're looking at the combo there and I think flat would be a good word with Q4 picking up.
Robert Mehrabian: We're not seeing that as much. There's some rotation going on there in our OEM products. But we're not only supplying OEMs, we're also the aftermarket business there is very important to us and we're doing okay there. I think overall, our aerospace business is pretty healthy.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, Guy, we think because our free cash flow was so strong in the first two quarters and you have to also keep in mind our liabilities which is our debt, our debt is set up pretty well. It's fixed. It's -- only we will pay -- have to pay like $150 million in October time frame. Other than that, our payments start in 2026. And if you roll everything that we owe over the years, our interest payments are about 2.35%. Now for the year, we think that we will continue buying our stock, maybe, depends on the stock price, right? We bought back quite a bit in the first half of the year. We expect to continue to do that, but we're also looking at acquisitions at the same time. So we're balancing the two as we go forward right now because of our very serious efforts in 80/20 and ability to generate cash. We think that we're in a really good situation. We just renewed our line of credit for another five years. We haven't touched it. We have about $1.2 billion untouched. So with no debt payments, big ones coming due, our interest rates being 2.35% over the many years, we feel good that we can do whatever we want. Right now, focused on buying back stock and looking at the acquisitions as well.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I can do it if you wish, I can do it for the full year. We think that for the full year in instruments as an example, it should be up about 90 to 100 basis points. It's pretty healthy for us. It'll go from what was last year at 26.6% to 27.5% plus. In digital imaging, we think that margins for the year may go down a little bit even though I mentioned the headwind that we have there. But if you look at the whole portfolio while margins went down in our DALSA 2B businesses, they went up significantly in our FLIR businesses. So we think they might go down modestly, maybe 30 basis points for the year, maybe 20. Aerospace and defense, I think we're doing really well, maybe over 100 basis points and engineered systems which is our smallest segment, I think margins are going to be going down primarily because of the first half. And overall, we think the segment margins should be about 14, 15 basis points up from last year considering all the headwinds that we have. That's pretty good.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me see if I can answer that well. I think in the first half if you look at Q1, the margins were about 21.8% overall in digital imaging. You look at Q2, they dropped about 20 basis points to 21.6%. We think in Q3, it will pick up to over 22%, 22.2% maybe and then go as high as 23% in Q4. So we should end the year at 22.2% even with a weak first half. So I think margins are going to keep improving both because of the cost action that Edwin and his people have taken, but also because some of the markets are coming back.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think you've explained it very well. I think people are hesitant to spend discretionary CapEx. So in the high end oscilloscope where you make really good money is slowed down. We expect the whole business to be down about 10% year-over-year. But having said that, as with many other years, we were probably the first one out of the box early in the year in April to warn. And subsequently, you see everybody else, of course, having to do the same. The advantage that we had in doing that was that knowing that the market was going to soften, we took cost out late in Q4 and early in Q1. And as a consequence, the margins in that business have been exceptionally healthy.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't see that impacting as much. We supply product to their customers. I don't want to mention the name, but this is a large customer and this is a U.S. customer and they use ASML equipment, which uses a critical part that we make in our MEMS factories. We don't expect to see a change in that because we're frankly supplying the customers of ASML and it's not a huge business, maybe $20 million, $25 million business, but very profitable.
