Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, thank you. I think what you're referring to is in the organic growth or decline year-over-year was a little over 1% decline -- 1.5% to be exact. We see several things: First, there are government programs that we have in digital imaging, especially in FLIR, that declined year-over-year. On the other hand, as I mentioned, we had a very successful first half, especially second quarter, in getting orders for products both here and in Europe. So we feel that, that part of the business is stabilized. On the rest of digital imaging, if you look at health care, which is part of our business there, there's been significant expansion in health care and medical. If you look at commercial aero, any parts of digital imaging that deal with, let's say, satellite communication there has been expansion. I think there is some headwind in the commercial part of digital imaging in the Far East but our exposure there is not that high. And we're making that up with new products in -- that includes some of our artificial intelligence capabilities. So we feel comfortable with our commercial aspect of our Digital Imaging. So in summary, I would say that -- there is a little pressure on parts of our digital imaging in the Far East, especially China but this is offset by other products that we manufacture for Europe and the U.S. So I would say machine vision, which is what I'm referring to, is going to be relatively flat, maybe a little down year-over-year. But the other parts of Digital Imaging are going to be healthy. And we feel pretty good about that. So all in all, it's a big part of our portfolio but it's a pretty varied portfolio ranging from space to medical to machine vision for automated semiconductor inspections, flat panel displays, et cetera. So it's like Teledyne is pretty resilient to various economic conditions.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think you're right. As I mentioned earlier, our supply chain issues have significantly moderated. We're still paying some premiums but perhaps as much as year-to-date, 65% to 70% lower than we did at the first quarter -- second quarter of last year. So that's a positive. But we're still paying some premium and our inventory remained fairly flat between first quarter and second quarter. But as these supply chain issues relax, we're going to reduce our inventory for the remainder of the year. So I feel good about how we've dealt with the supply chain. We really didn't lose a whole lot of revenue because of that.
Robert Mehrabian: I'm going to say approximately $10 million, not a whole lot. But when we have the opportunity and I hope we will have in the future we're going to try and do that. The flip side of that, Jim, is that a lot of our customers have also ordered a lot of inventory anticipating shortages. So -- resistent about letting us ship all the stock that they have ordered before but we're balancing that because, again, our balanced portfolio help us along in all of those directions.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with second quarter margin. Actually, second quarter Digital Imaging margin is up about 28 basis points. That's a 30 basis points year-over-year. And we think for the year, it might -- it will be probably flat, maybe down about 10 or 15 basis points but relatively flat. I think what -- what's going to happen is that the flare margins are going to increase somewhat and the historic or legacy digital imaging, they're going to decline a little bit. Basically, we think year-over-year, it's going to be flat. We've had, as I mentioned before, we've had a slower revenue and lower revenue in Defense in the first half of the year. But as I mentioned earlier, that's turning around now. So I think that's going to help us for the rest of the year. That's about really all I can say about the margins. I think second quarter year-over-year, we saw an improvement of about 28 to 30 basis points. For the whole year, it might be flat or down maybe 15 basis points but not much. And again, the balanced portfolio is really going to help us. The flip side of it is, if you look at our Aerospace and Defense segment, there second quarter margins increased 247 basis points. And for the year, we're projecting 80 basis points expansion. So sometimes, when we look at Defense, yes, we differentiate Defense -- that's in digital imaging, what I've talked about before. And then -- but we have a whole bunch of Defense programs in our Aerospace and Defense portfolio, which are doing really well. So overall, I think we're, okay.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know. They were down sequentially what, about 20 basis points. I'm not so concerned about that. There's so many moving parts in there that it just balances itself out. That's not something that worries me. That's all I'll say about that. Go ahead with your other area, please.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. As you know, on the Test and Measurement, we have 2 distinct product lines. One is oscilloscopes, the other is protocols. And both of those are relatively short-term revenue. So big backlog, which doesn't make a whole lot of difference. Our oscilloscopes revenue in Q2 was outstanding, really good. Our protocol revenue was relatively flat and partially, that's because new protocols are coming out in September and we expect that revenue to pick up. If you look at the whole year, we think that we're going to have something like 3.5% to 4% growth in our oscilloscope and protocol products. We think third and fourth quarter are going to be all right. They may not expand as much as the first quarter but year-over-year, we're going to be fine. In terms of just answering your question on backlog, book-to-bill in that Test and Measurement is very close to 1, it's 0.98. So I would say it's 1. So again, it's not something that concerns me right now.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I'd say, if you went back to April guidance versus today, probably margin is going down 10 basis points. Again, nothing significant. For the full year, we expect margin to go up about 26 to 30 basis points year-over-year. So overall, it's a -- that's not something that concerns me because as I've mentioned several times, because of our diversity of our products, for example, Instruments margin will go up 80 basis points year-over-year. Aerospace and Defense, similarly, 80 basis points. Even Engineered Systems will go up about 38 to 40 basis points. So a flat digital imaging doesn't change anything at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. As you mentioned, there has been a change in the budget for a long time. The budgets look healthy but money wasn't coming through and it started to come through more recently. Overall, I would say we are fairly comfortable with our Defense businesses, probably across everything, mid-single and single digits growth year-over-year. We are enjoying actually pretty good margins and orders in our legacy Defense businesses. And as I mentioned, our fleece defense businesses are turning around and had a good book-to-bill in Q2. It's not just the U.S. Defense. If you look at Defense also in NATO countries, that expenditures are increasing and we have a significant amount of sales overseas, in both our Defense as well as Defense, including things like traveling wave tubes for missile defense products in places like South Korea. So it's a pretty healthy environment right now.
Robert Mehrabian: Some will come to in '23 and some will come through in -- starting in Q4. For example, let me just give you one example or two. We do have some counter drone products that are going to Europe, probably about $25 million, $26 million. Most of that would come in '23. On the other hand, the Black Hornet 3 that we just announced for the U.S. Army is $94 million, only about 10% of it will come this year, the rest will come in future years. So it's a balance. I think we'll get some of it this year and a lot of it in future years.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The answer is, yes. And the reason I say that is the margins in our legacy businesses are already around that and even higher than that. And I think FLIR margins will increase as we -- especially as we take the cost out that I just mentioned. And overall margins for Digital Imaging this year, we're projecting to be 22.3%. So to go to '24, 170 basis point expansion. Yes, we can do that.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think in the health care business, things are really good for us. We've had significant expansion, both in our X-ray products, that is our panels as well as components that we put out for X-ray systems. And as I said before, there is some slowdown in China. If you look at China as a whole, they have had some contraction even though you don't hear about it, there has been some contraction there. On the other hand, less than 10% of our portfolio is sold to China. So again, our balanced portfolio helps us. The flip side also is that we've gotten some really good higher-margin products development programs that are helping overall Digital Imaging. Shipments have been a little slower but I think bookings are okay. So again, it's not something that worries me, where we don't have, let's say, a commercial imaging system that somebody would buy in China. On the flip side, we have custom products that we're developing, which are very profitable. Actually, more profitable than commercial. I sit here today and I'm just looking at our portfolio and I wouldn't change it with anybody else's considering all the uncertainty around the world. One area may go down a little bit but we'll pick it up somewhere else. And that's the resilience of our earnings year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We think we may have a little lower revenue in the second half. On the other hand, the products that we make in Aerospace go primarily in commercial aircraft. And that market has expanded, as you well know, very close to pre-COVID. Q3, Q4 margins for Aerospace and Defense might be a little lower than Q2 but it will be higher than Q1. So again, I don't see major inflections in that area.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Jim, in Instruments, our book-to-bill is about 1.05, so over 1, led by our Marine businesses, which are doing really well, both -- in underwater vehicles as well as oil discovery and production. In the Digital Imaging as a whole, the book-to-bill is about 1.07. In Aerospace and Defense, that's a little more =- and Engineered Systems, those are much more lumpy orders. So quarter-over-quarter book-to-bill may change but it's not affecting the revenue that much because we expect both -- revenue in both segments to grow. Overall, across the company, our book-to-bill is about 1.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, as I mentioned earlier, Jim, we paid on $620 million this year effective today, let's say. That's taken our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.1%. We have about $60 million of debt left that's variable, which we pay 6%, out of the $3 billion that -- $3 billion plus that Sue mentioned, the rest of our debt is on fixed. So other than that $60 million, our interest payments are 2.1% in future years, which is a very healthy place to be because we haven't really touched our line of credit. So we have a lot of capability to acquisitions. Last year, even as we were paying our debt down, last year, we did 3 bolt-on acquisitions and spent about $160 million. We expect to continue that bolt-on acquisitions. On the flip side is that because if we don't do anything else, if we don't make acquisitions, if we don't -- doing anything, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is going to go less than 1 in about a year and 1.5 years. So we're bullish about acquisitions, including larger ones, if we can find them. And of course, we are continuously looking at that. The last question was, what areas. Right now, I would say in the general instrumentation area is what's very attractive. We have done some digital imaging acquisitions. As you know, we made the ETM acquisition. We made acquisition for our acquisition. But I think it'd be nice if we could find some things in our Instrumentation area.
