Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. We began 2019 with a strongest first quarter in the Company's history. Sales, earnings, operating margin and cash flow were all records for any first quarter. I'm very pleased with the breadth of our performance across both our short cycle and long cycle businesses with increased sales in every business segment and major product line. Specifically, in the first quarter sales increased 7.1% of which 5.1% was organic, including 1.3% of currency headwind. Earnings per share of $2.02 increased 11.6% compared to last year. In what is a seasonally weaker period, record first quarter free cash flow of $59 million allowed us to complete the scientific camera acquisition from Roper with only a modest increase in our leverage ratio, that's our debt-to-EBITDA ratio from 1.5 at the end of 2018 to 1.6 as of March 31, 2019. We also continued to execute our proven strategy, first, to process a well balanced and focused business portfolio. Teledyne is not a complex company, but rather a portfolio of related companies and products with common underlying technologies that serve different customers and markets. Second, we want to continue to improve our operations and, third, to compound growth in earnings and free cash flow, driven by both organic growth and complementary acquisitions. On that final point, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong and our acquisition pipeline is healthy. Nevertheless, we always remain a very disciplined acquirer, allocating capital prudently as we successfully integrate acquired businesses. I will now pass the call to Al and he will comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Brad, if you're ready to proceed, please proceed with the question-and-answers.
Robert Mehrabian: As you know, Greg, we don't have a whole lot of backlog in that business. I would say, less than a month, maybe three weeks. And so it's not predictable. On the other hand, the business has done exceptionally well starting last year and the first quarter certainly been very positive. We expect it to moderate as the year goes on, especially near the end of the year. On the flip side, as you know we have protocol analyzers and we are doing really well in that domain. So it's the protocol sales, coupled to improve the sales in oscilloscopes, especially the oscilloscopes in Europe and Asia, that have contributed to our growth. But I have to tell you it's very difficult at this point to predict what will happen over the longer term.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Greg, as usual we are being a little cautious because we don't have the visibility, as you said, and there is also the unknown that's sitting out there, which is the negotiations with China that can affect our business one way or the other. We are seeing some reduction in our, for example, margins because of the dispute with the Chinese. So we are being cautious basically; yes.
Robert Mehrabian: Not at this time very much. There are - we are a supplier to Boeing in the 737 MAX. And so we expect some softness in that area until they resolve their issues. And so, we probably will have to take a little bit of a haircut there. We probably delivered perhaps $3 million, $4 million less product. We have about a plan to deliver about $13 million, $14 million. And IDECOM in Q2 mostly primarily because the stoppage in taking product from customers is right now in limbo, but we know Q2 is going to be soft in that domain. So that would be the major negative to our aerospace business. Other than that, I think we're doing OK.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there is some movement. As you know, the OLED manufacturing lines have been pretty quiet in terms of new production coming online. But we are seeing some signs of that. Right now, again, just like I started, it's difficult to predict. But we think that while we started Q1 with digital imaging less than 1, we think the second half is going to be much stronger and we're projecting that we'll end the year a little over 1 with our book-to-bill. And so we expect the rest of the year, especially Q3 and Q4 to be stronger as more lines come online, more production comes online.
Robert Mehrabian: No. They do vary, George. In the test and measurement, we're in the high teens. In the environmental, we're closer to 20% and in the marine, we are lower within the 11% range, probably go up a little bit as the year goes on, but there is a discrepancy between marine and what we call environmental and test and measurement groups with environmental having the highest margin. Having said that, we expect for the full year, the total instruments, the combination of marine and all, that last year was about 14.4% being negatively affected by marine. We think we'd be up about 200, 210 basis points this year by the time we end the year to about 16.5.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, George. Let me just kind of get my numbers. I think in the instruments overall, it was about 7.3% with marine being the lowest, just around 1%. The rest of it made up by environmental, and test and measurement. In digital imaging, organic was about 4.8, in Aerospace and Defense Electronics, it was 3.9 and in Engineered Systems it was 1.5, with that sums up to 5.1 for the total portfolio.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now it's accelerating at least so far in Q1, it's been up about 12% year-over-year. But - that's just oscilloscopes. But as I mentioned before, the protocol analyzes are doing much better than that.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, you're right. At the peak, which was 2014, that business was about $650 million. We think it's going to be closer to $450 million this year and that's with some growth from last year. So significant down in revenue. On the other hand, as you mentioned, we've taken a lot of cost out and our margins are continuously improving. The first quarter, we had really - no, we didn't enjoy a whole lot of improvement. We had - sales were up about 1%. I think second quarter is going to be a little tougher, but our orders are good. We think Q3 and Q4 are going to pick up and I think by the end of the year we should approach about 4.5%, 4.2% in revenue growth, which would be an exceptionally good year considering how bad the last three, four years have been.
Robert Mehrabian: We suffered through that one, but we've taken a lot of people out, maybe a third of the workforce, but also we consolidated a lot facilities both here and abroad, and we think what's happening is that business, especially the offshore part of it, the projections are you grow, at least the projections from our customers in the last two weeks in the earnings are between 7% and 14%, 7% on the low side, 14% being on the high side. We're seeing a lot more quotes. We're also for the first time seeing a little more - we're enjoying a little more pricing advantage. It used to be, price, price, price. But now people are more concerned about, can you deliver on time, considering that you have downside so much. So, it's - we think that there'll be a lot more opportunity as we close this year, third quarter and fourth quarter, and certainly in 2020.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, an example of the Defense Electronics contract, one large contract is the Silent Knight radar, those are radars that go into our helicopters and they're basically used to be able to track the ground and stay automated, be able to fly automated by looking forward and back and being able to stay 500 feet above ground. That's a nice big contract for us. We do have a integrated Defense Electronic countermeasures program which is called [IDECOM] and that is also a nice big contract for us. But I have to say, within the Defense Electronics, we also do have a commercial program, which is the OneWeb program where we are delivering channelizers for their - which is a big part of their satellites. So that's one. Let me go back to the TBE or our Engineered Systems segment that you brought up. First, the - even there we have some new programs that we've enjoyed recently. Our shallow water program is doing very well. Let me go back to the question you asked on mask. That was - as you know, that was a sequential program to our objectives simulations framework and that was awarded - but that was at least, that was announced that there was another winner in that program. We objected to it, rightfully so because there were some - in our view, there were some serious protests, there were some serious irregularities. And we've been in that program for almost 20 years and the performance was rated very highly. So, the protest is still - they are investigating, there was not what you'd get - anticipate the usual short cycle answer that, the thing was done properly, they are investigating and they - we don't know when they're going to come out with a decision. We think we have a good case. In the meantime, we are continuing to perform on the program. So, that's where that stands.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Brad. If there are no more questions, I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call, please.
