Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Jim. Let me back into that. First, I think in Q4 right now we're anticipating about 3% growth -- organic growth, primarily because we think there's going to be a little sluggishness in our marine businesses. Second, in terms of book-to-bill, right now we're sitting around one after Q3 and that changes between businesses. In Instruments, we are a little better than one. In Digital Imaging, a little less than one. And total, I would say we're sitting around one. We don't have visibility into some of our short cycle businesses as much as we'd like to. So, that's part of the reason that I'm saying probably about 3% organic growth in the next quarter. As you roll it up for the whole year then, it will be somewhere between 6.5% to 7% versus what I indicated last quarters, which was closer to between 5% and 6%.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the -- in general with all that's going on with the various tariffs even though they don't affect us as much as most other people and the economies across the world, I'm just a little cautious on that. That's all. There's no specific.  The last thing I would say is in the marine area, offshore energy exploration and production sluggish the last three years. Indications are that it would improve, but it will be further out than the fourth quarter, we think maybe 2019 and 2020. So, I'm being a little cautious.
Robert Mehrabian: For that, we look at our -- to our customers and right now what we are seeing is that the offshore investments are increasing. Last year to this year, I would say that almost doubled. But it takes a little while for those investments to churn into orders for our customers and subsequently to us. We believe that would probably start happening by close to the middle to the end of 2019. There are -- the forecasts right now show that there are going to be about 100 projects worth about $140 billion sanctioned in 2019. By the time that rolls down to us, of course is late 2019 and early 2020.
Robert Mehrabian: It could. Let me just say you’re absolutely correct. We started in the year; we started in May projecting organic growth for the year of 3% to 4%. Then in August we went to 5.5% to 6%. Now we’re saying 6% to 7% for the whole year. Obviously we’re a little cautious for the reasons I mentioned earlier. If nothing serious happens to the economies and if oil prices hold, they're up, they're down some; but if they hold, I think 2019 we should have a reasonable organic growth probably I hate to predict it, but I’d say about 5% is what we look at right now.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure. It's a little too early to say because a lot of the things you just mentioned happened very recently. Having said all of that, we do have a very healthy pipeline and we're working on both small and midsize acquisitions at the present time and we certainly have the capacity -- the funding capacity to do them. So, I'm positive about getting something done in the relatively near future.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, David. What I like to do is if there are no other questions, I’d like to ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
