Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Su. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you’re ready to proceed with questions and answers. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I think you’re essentially correct, maybe that some of that the big chunk of that is going to come in our aerospace and defense electronics. As I indicated, we have significant improvements in our defense electronics orders and we expect that those -- and with the concurrent cost reductions that we did in the past few years to enable us to improve margins.  The second segment that I think margin improvement would be effective is -- affected would be in our digital imaging. We’re right now in the process of decreasing further cost reductions in that segment and we expect sequential margin improvement as we go through the rest of the year. So I would emphasize those are the two primary segments that we expect the margin improvements.
Robert Mehrabian: Primarily it’s the same contract, they go in lots and it depends on whether the customer has the need for the engines and whether the final customer, which is the government is pulling the missiles up. It’s a gap in not a huge gap, but it’s nevertheless a slowdown in our shipments. We ship both JASSM engines, which are joint air to surface missile engines and we also ship harpoon engines that primarily now go to our military sales and both of those have some gaps and we think that’s also going to be weaker in Q3 and perhaps improve next year.
Robert Mehrabian: In the full year to-date the cost is approximately $3 million and we think it will go up probably to over $5 million the rest of the year for the full year, because we are still doing restructuring as I mentioned in two of our segments, both instruments and digital imaging. Last year the cost reduction was about the same. This is just for the reduction in people. So I think the facility consolidation is an addition to that.
Robert Mehrabian: I got to look at the second half numbers. Let me start with the full year for a second if I may Jim.
Robert Mehrabian: I think for the full year right now we expect instrumentation to be down about a 1%. I think digital imaging would follow between 1% to 1.2%. I think aerospace and defense electronics should be up about 1% and perhaps the engineered system by about a couple of percent for the year. And so in total I think if you look at our sales outlook organically at least we should be relatively flat for the year.
Robert Mehrabian: It was down just over 10%, half of it is certainly currency related and half of it is just a sales decline and we think that we are going to see pressure in that domain anyways as we go forward. I think some of our competitors that we know one of them that we’re aware of has project a 13.5% decline in their revenue in Q3. The more important part is that we’re focusing on the higher margin niche products that and we’ve improved the bottom-line by about 7% in our test and measurement or 180 basis points from last year. By the way Jim, just on addendum it might be worth noting the same has happened in our digital imaging in Canada DALSA we’ve seen strong bottom-line improvements and expect those to continue.
Robert Mehrabian: So Jim, one area that we’re keen on is being able to take a lot of data from our marine instrumentation and related businesses and develop that into set of data and image reader would available in the marketplace and this would be primarily non-oil and gas related. The other area that we like, as we kind of going back to some of our environmental businesses and looking at those businesses again. Really we started our acquisitions very aggressively in that domain, but they got very, very expensive. But now I think now some of that has moderated specially in the smaller companies that we’re interested in so we’re going to go back to those and we see some opportunities there Jim.
Robert Mehrabian: I think we’re going to have a little bit of upside in discrete tax items this year, the second half. Nothing like we did last year except if the R&D tax passes, but we’ve not baked that into our projection. But we do have a little tax there, but mostly it’s margin improvement in areas where we’ve taken serious cost out. Some that we took out last two years like defense electronics some that we took out in the first half of the year and some that we are doing even now and expect to continue the rest of the year. So it’s a combination mostly it’s because of the market and cost reduction.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. There is always the danger with anything that relates to the government. Having said that, some of our orders that we have, for example in Traveling Wave Tubes which is one of our main state product our split between the U.S. Government and overseas government and our commercial aviation of course is a different story, but I think some of our programs have legs on and we feel okay about that, the government obviously anything can happen in the government. There is another part of our government businesses that we are kind of bullish about maybe not so much this year, but going forward and that’s in our engineered systems where we have some really good programs in the government domain.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, great question Mark. As you said the seismic which is the discovery is done I am going to say over 30% and the other part of it land oil and gas that we play, which is production is down over 40%, but there we primarily supply cables and some connectors, in the water and also just energy in general, first we have good orders early this year. So we expect to be able to hold our own the remainder of this year we think the production may go down a little more than it already has, but we are in a way very fortunate in that we are gaining share, we’ve very aggressively reduced our cost in oil production, both in terms of supply chain and in terms of our own engineering and production cost. And lastly, we are bringing new products both in optical connectors, Ethernet connectivity as well as high pressure, high temperature connectors and since we own a lot of that market specially the optical connectivity market and have a pretty strong position probably over 50% in the electrical everybody to reduce cost the oil companies are striving for standardization and we will become then the factor standard in that domain. And there we also has processing the bottom of the ocean becomes much more robust they need more of our products, it’s a long of saying I think we will be okay in ‘15 in ‘16 probably we might go down a little bit everybody is projecting that ‘17 oil process will pick up as will production, but we are not counting on that right now we are reducing cost and hunkering down.
Robert Mehrabian: At least for us where, if we look at our for example, our DALSA cameras that serve that market. We had a slow first half in the electronic inspection market we expect to have some pick up in that domain because -- primarily because we’ve introduced new line scan products, which are coming out. The only other part of so called semiconductor market that we participate in Mark is really our MEMS foundries in Bromont, Canada and there our business is really good, because we produce a lot of censors for a variety of applications including stability applications, microphones in your iPads et cetera, et cetera. So as far as we are concerned we are doing okay there, also we do have some protocol test solutions for mobile devices, which are doing okay. So my visibility to the semiconductor market comes from those TWO different angles.
Robert Mehrabian: I think George that’s pretty good. I couldn’t have said it better, that’s pretty good. Of course we’d always praying for positive shocks.
Robert Mehrabian: The immediate effect is going to be obvious, there is going to be more oil coming onto the market. They are going to pump as hard and as fast as they can. Having said that, I think that’s going to be a short-term effect for two reasons. In the long-term energy consumption is expected to grow by 30% in the next 20 years, driven by developing world. Second, as you look at wells and oil specifically there is a continuing decline in the amount of oil that people are able to pump from the wells that decline is estimated to be between 5% and 7%, if you take somewhere in between that 5 million barrels of oil per day per year. That’s just because oil wells, the productivity of the wells goes down, in fracking if not go down over the first two years by 50% or more in deep oil ocean it might go down over a five year period. But down that it goes there is no question about that. So when you combine those two facts and when you look at Saudi’s oil is 90% of their government revenue and they are burning through their foreign reserves since October I think it’s been close to $50 billion. What’s going to happen is there is other factors that are going to drive the price of oil up other than just on short-term uranium oil production.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Steve. Right now I don’t think I am in a selling mood I want to keep our revenue and spread our fixed cost across as much businesses as we can. There might come a day that we might to sell something, but right now I don't think so. I mean I am more of a buying mood Steve. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah that product is Steve is a hugely sophisticated product, without violating anything you can have as many as 150 deposition layers of different kinds. And it’s totally under ITAR control. So I don’t think we can do that for any commercial markets plus it’s very expensive process. There is cheaper processes for that other people can use for the commercial market. But we don’t know if anyone really using anything right now, because nothing bad has happened as far as I know recently.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes Steve, I think there are opportunities in the -- in some environmental instrumentation that some sample preparations, sample also obviously analysis, that’s a very big field multiple types of processes. We own a significant chunk of that market, but there are significant number of other things that we are looking at. That would be if I had my druthers that would be one of our primary areas, but this whole area of being able to take consolidated look at all the imagery that we get and being able to develop and deliver that especially marine imagery. That’s another interesting area for us.
Stephen Levenson: I know there is a lot of talk about M&A, but in the past you’ve considered selling units that may have matured and I’m just wondering if I know you probably don’t want to say what. But are there any things you are considering for sale now and what if so what do you think the proceeds might come in for? With the amount of the proceeds.
Stephen Levenson: Okay, that sounds good. You were talking about the laser eye protection. What sort of commercial market or even within business jet market is there for that? I know there have been a number of incidence recently and we don’t hear much about that product for the commercial market.
Stephen Levenson: Okay, last one I guess this one would be for Su; I hope I didn’t miss that. You often say how much total liquidity you have available. Did you mention that or if not could you mention that please. 
