Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like now to take your questions. Anna, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, so I think, overall, you're correct. We may have a little bit left over for next year, but Mark, I think we should be pretty well done with it. That is what we see in our portfolio at the present time.
Robert Mehrabian: I can tell you, in general, for the overall -- in the fourth -- in the third quarter, it was about $7.9 million. I think for all of 2013, Mark, it's close to $30 million, maybe $29 million.
Robert Mehrabian: I would think it would be about the same range. I think $30 million, because of the acquisition of LeCroy and acquisition of RESON, which have added to our amortization. And they won't go away for a while.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I don't like it, obviously. On the other hand, with the stock price at the current level and our return on capital hurdles that we have, I think, Mark, we're better off using the cash to make accretive acquisitions and leave the option creep for a while. Now if the stock price were significantly lower, which I hope it won't be, then we'll revisit that issue.
Robert Mehrabian: No, I think, Jim, your first conclusion was more of correct. I think it's more seasonal. The underlying demand is okay in the U.S. It's okay in Far East. It's really bad in Europe. And that we're hoping that Europe may have bottomed out or will bottom out in the third quarter. All indications are that, that would happen.
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally, Jim, as you know, we have -- we really own only 51% of Optech. 49% is minority owned. We had some growth from Q1 to Q2. I'm going to say from about $9 million to $11 million -- $11.5 million. So there was growth that I indicated there would be. On the other hand, they'll have -- they have had some delays in their market, especially, in their survey-grade mapping and some of their space, terratial imaging from space, airborne laser and terrain mapping products. It's not the easiest business for us to control, because while we are majority shareholder, there's a very strong minority component there. But I must say that they've also done headcount reductions to bring their cost structures lower in the recent past.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. I think, basically, a lot of the growth comes from our Instrumentation and Imaging businesses. We expect instrumentation, year-over-year, to be 6%, maybe Imaging, 3.5%. But we're seeing some declines, as expected, in our Engineered Systems segment, about 6%, as I mentioned. That's a primarily still government-controlled program. And we're giving up some of the programs that are low-margin programs that relate to technical assistance programs for the government. We expect to have a little upside in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics, primarily because of improvements in avionics, which are tied to, of course, aircraft build. And some of our other products, like relays and so on. So overall, I think 3 of our segments should show increased revenues between 3% and 6%. One of our segments, the Engineered Systems segment, should show a revenue decline of approximately 6%.
Robert Mehrabian: As you indicated, we shipped the product last -- late last year. It's been deployed, it seems to be working very well. Our primary customer is in the process of redesigning the system, and we expect that while we may supply some components and connectors into that domain, for the near future, we don't see a significant increase in that business. Partially, I think, it's turning out to be a lot more expensive than people initially thought.
Robert Mehrabian: Chris, let me we start with the first one. The first 2 quarters, Aerospace and Defense Electronics were up for 2 reasons. Our avionics businesses were up. But we also had a very significant business with the U.K. MOD, which is kind of a anti-IED program that we had, which was significant in the first 2 quarters. That's going to very much slow down, because we've delivered the major systems already and we're waiting for a follow-on program, perhaps late in the fourth quarter or early next year. So that part of the growth, Chris, that contributed to the 11% and then the 6.9-or-so percent -- or 8.9% is going away. Having said that, our avionics businesses are doing well. But if you look at it overall, that's about $110 million or so -- $110 million, $120 million business, so a slight increase -- a good increase there doesn't change things very much. So I would say that in the Defense Electronics businesses, if you separate the Aerospace for a second, we are seeing some delayed sequestration. You know that one better than most. That is pushing the depots, the military depots that used to buy our products to replenish, for example, electronic warfare equipment, like Traveling Wave Tubes and solid-state amplifiers. They're pushing that off. It's going to the right. But one other thing is happening in the government that people haven't really paid attention to, there is an ongoing kind of a reduction in -- effort because of people being furloughed. A lot of the high-paid -- the executives at the high end of the government programs, senior executive service, GS15, 16s, et cetera, are being furloughed one day a week. So even when things were going well, programs were getting delayed, now with the furloughs, we can't get a lot of decisions from the government, because people are working, really, only 80% of the time.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. If you look at the big picture, Chris, back in -- let's say, 2010, we had about $75 million to $80 million of system engineering and technical assistance program, primarily in missile defense area. That is pretty much gone away. We're about $10 million today. So -- and those were, by the way, our lower-margin businesses. So we've given a lot of that up. Second thing that's happened, in the NASA program because of the weak support from the White House, especially in the manned space mission, we've gone from about $80 million to about $50 million in the last 3 years. So those are the 2 major declining programs. Our manufacturing, which is Marine and Aerospace manufacturing, in the same period, has increased from $13.5 million to almost $50 million. And as I indicated before, there are some very significant system-level programs that we've been fortunate enough to get and those include the shallow water submersible, the glider program. We also have time programs in space now which -- with NASA. And then, finally, in the missile defense program, we do have a significant effort in software, which is the objective simulation framework. So here's what happened overall. Programs that were lower-margin programs that we had -- we were subcontracting out to small businesses, we're obliged to do it, those have declined. Programs that are manufacturing-related have increased. And then our prime programs have increased. I think over -- this year's been a really tough comparison. We're going forward, I think we pretty much stabilized this business, especially as we also move with the space imaging, as I mentioned before, where we will -- we are building the multiuser platform at the present time, which will go on the International Space Station. And we're working on with NASA to see how we equip that platform with both a multispectral and hyperspectral imaging system. So when you look at it, I think it's a healthy shift in the business. So temporarily, we've taken some declines in revenue. But, frankly, I don't miss those programs that we had before, because they were lower margin and really not that exciting.
Robert Mehrabian: At the present time, the one that comes to mind that's sitting out there is the USEC program, as you know, that is a nuclear fuel recycling program. We don't have a lot of information on it, it's in an R&D space right now. We enjoy about $7 million, $8 million a year in that program. But if that government guarantee is successful, which there are some indications that, that might come around, that program can grow to be 4 or 5x, maybe even 6x the size it is at the current time.
Robert Mehrabian: First, the machine vision, it's both semiconductors, but, also, there's significant increases in deployment of our system in flat panel display. And those -- especially, of course, located in Asia. I think we're doing very well. We see strength in that domain. In the uncooled infrared sensor development, what we have is we have a -- we're developing a capability to manufacture low-cost high-performance, long-wave infrared sensors, as you know, also known as microbolometers, in our Bromont, Québec, semiconductor facility. These will, obviously, complement our other infrared sensors, including those that we do here, based on mercad telluride, which are cooled. We are testing, at the present time, alpha testing processes. We have our equipment installed. We have collaborative efforts with the Canada's National Institute for Optics. We have developed some prototypes, and we have some partnerships established with a large customer in the U.S. As you know, once we get this thing going, the -- one of the advantages we would enjoy is because the production facilities are in Canada, they would be ITAR-free, which would give us a lot more freedom to sell to international customers. Having said all of that, Digital Imaging, overall, the comps have been relatively tough year-over-year. Having said that, this is the highest revenue we've had in the last 3 quarters.
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally, I can't say a lot. I think the returns have been healthy, so I think our funding ratio has improved. It's over 100% at the present time. We do have also the potential for improvement in the discount rate. As you know, as the discount rate moves up, the pension obligations go down. Right now, we're operating at 4.4% discount rate, Kevin. It's possible that by year end, that will go up. But it's a little early for us to kind of numerical numbers on that. But the trend is in the right direction, I would say.
Robert Mehrabian: It's not as easy for me to answer, but I'll give it a boyscout try. A lot of our businesses are book and burned, that I'd say a lot of our Instrumentation businesses, our LeCroy business, we book and burn every month. But if you look at the longer-term businesses, Digital Imaging is close to 1, it's 0.99 to be exact. Of course, we only count those things that are already approved and funded in our backlog. So if we have a program like the Shallow Water Submersible Program or the Glider program, that might have an IDIQ contract that is $500 million together, we only count that portion that we're sure we're going to get. So I'd say most of our segments are about 1 book-to-bill or higher. The only one that I'd say falls short of 1 is the one that I mentioned before, where we think year-over-year revenue would decline, and that's in the Engineered System, and that's about 0.94.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, let me back up a second. As you well know, Jim, the limitations on silicon-germanium, you -- we've gone to a relatively small feature size of 130 nanometers or 0.13 microns at the present time. And you've got to do that if you want to increase the frequency. But we're at a point where that is kind of at its limit, and that gives us about 200 megahertz frequency. But then your design function is about 1/5 or that or below. So the kind of chips we're using today are -- at LeCroy, at the top end, would be 36 gigahertz. Now if you move to indium phosphide, indium phosphide at 0.5-micron feature size already has 350 megahertz bandwidth. If you go to 0.13, which we have already in our laboratory, that's much higher. So let's come back to the chip then. The first chip that was released for production yesterday will probably go into an auxiliary probe component that we would use. Next -- with at the present time, we'll have start designing other products for LeCroy. And I think to get to the broadband oscilloscope, we probably -- it would take us a couple of years to get there, maybe 2.5. But the important thing is that LeCroy will, hopefully, introduce one new product by year end, using the new chip. And then as the momentum builds and our experience in the design with indium phosphide improves, that would introduce more products in the marketplace. And as you know, yesterday, LeCroy had a phenomenal breakthrough. It was not the first time they've done it -- they did it with the 30 megahertz , 45 megahertz, 65 megahertz. And now -- I'm sorry, gigahertz. And today, yesterday, at the 100 gigahertz bandwidth. So we're really excited about that. I will just add one thing which we didn't get a chance to talk about. We are taking our environmental and chemical analysis businesses, which are in the Instrumentation domain, and we're taking those and putting it together with our test and measurement. So going forward, we will have environmental and electronics measurement instrumentation in 1 group. And Tom Reslewic would be running that group, which it would be now a significant sized group, which would be about 42% of our Instrumentation businesses. And we think that combination of going to market together would be helpful all around.
Robert Mehrabian: It's already been put in place. It won't be changed, the reporting, because, you know, we report it in Instrumentation. It's all Instrumentation. But Instrumentation, basically, now will be 2 pieces. There will be the marine instrumentation, which has oil and gas and marine sensor systems imaging, on one side. And then on the other side, we would have the environmental and electronic measurement instrumentation, which will include everything that we did in our product line. Even though the products lines would be separate, they would be managed cohesively.
Robert Mehrabian: We are looking at potentially some overlap between LeCroy's capabilities and our Aerospace and Defense signal processing. Obviously, we do a lot of microwave products. And they're all moving to higher frequencies, both in the solid-state and others or TWTs. For example, in the solid-state products -- microwave products, we've gone from gallium arsenide to gallium nitride, we're now looking at some indium phosphide. We do have some terahertz electronics programs in our Scientific, which is our main laboratory. And the whole Mixed Signal area, there's overlap between the technologies. And then, finally, we're looking at some -- out of the immediate product line opportunities that might be there in controlling motors and other areas that would really move us into a whole new domain.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, they could. Right now, they do work for outside customers, that, in this domain. But right now, our focus is to get our CMOS imaging development programs improved. And there is a analog-to-digital conversion work that is planned for LeCroy there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think -- let's go to Systems Engineering first. As I said, that business is going to be challenged for the year. It was about 8% in Q2. I think that will go down a little bit. It might end the year shy of 8%, because we were really good in the first quarter, but we expect it to go down. I think in the other 3 segments, Chris, I see sequential growth in margins. Modest growth, but nevertheless, growth. I think by year end, Instrumentation should be north of 16%. Digital Imaging should improve from what it is, 7.5% now, more approaching 8% in the next couple of quarters. And Aerospace and Defense Electronics, we do have that cost -- that associated with facility consolidation. We have a nice hit coming in Q3. We're moving our main facility -- we, actually, have, but we're in the process of doing the rest of the stuff with it. We've moved 110,000 square feet of manufacturing space out of Los Angeles to Tennessee. And at one time, we had 350 people in that business. So very few of those are located. So we have a $3.2 million charge coming yet with that. So I think there's going to be some struggle to improve margins there because of that.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, yes exactly. And we've been there. I think that was the first business that Henry Singleton bought in 1961.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a nice question. Let's see. There's some stuff happening there. I like what I see out there, especially in the smaller businesses. Of course, they're becoming expensive, because everybody's kind of effervescent about the market. But we'll do some small ones -- I haven't seen any big ones that we can afford at this time. But I think we'll make a few small ones going forward, the rest of the year.
