Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Greg. Let me start with professional imaging as an example. We currently make machine vision cameras, as well as sensors. And they make machine vision sensors. The difference between the sensors are that they’re stronger in CMOS sensors than we are, and most importantly, in two-dimensional area scan CMOS sensors. The area that we expect would contribute to growth is their ability to do three-dimensional imaging, which we do not have currently in our professional imaging portfolio, even though we do have it in our laser imaging portfolio that we do from above ground or underground. This is our multiple laser scans of object. Second, we have extra oral dental sensors in our professional imaging and they have intra-oral dental sensors and a very healthy IP portfolio in that area. And we think that would benefit us significantly to generate new products and revenues. In the RF power domain, we make traveling wave tubes, large ones. They make magnetrons, which are used for cancer therapy radiation. Those are similar technologies. The underlying technologies in amplifying electromagnetic waves are very similar on those two technologies. On the other hand, while we make large wave tubs, traveling wave tubes, they make small traveling wave tubes, both of these are again microwave power modules. And we would benefit from each others technologies. Just as importantly, couple to a traveling wave tube is usually you have to have a power supply. That supplies the power to the traveling wave tube, as the traveling wave tube then magnifies the electromagnetic waves. They make the part amplifies where both their solid state and small mini traveling wave tubes. We do not have that technology and we’d like to develop it for our larger traveling wave tubes. I’ll just make one other very quick observation. There are many similar things. Let me give one in space imaging. We are well-known and respected, the best in the world for space imaging, in the infrared domain, whether it’s on satellites looking up or on various scopes like large hobbled telescopes looking down and looking up. They are great, as well as our first ground-based telescopes. They’re very good, the world’s best in the visible area. I think we can combine their product in the visible domain with our products in the infrared domain and present a unique set of capabilities to a wide range of customers, including classified programs. Those are just some of the examples. There are many others that I can’t give, Greg.
Robert Mehrabian: I think about $0.20 to $0.25 is from e2v. Let’s just say $0.20 and $0.10 to $0.15 is from our core businesses – existing businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think an organic growth in the first quarter was about 4% – over 4%. I expect that during the year, it’d be about 5%, better than the 2% to 3% that we indicated.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with our business first, Jim. There are two areas that are contributing to our strong growth in the imaging businesses. First, is flat panel displays. And there, we’re enjoying really strong orders, especially with OLED displays that are the new flexible displays. Plants are being built and almost all of them use our cameras, lines cameras for those displays to look at the quality. Second, we have – as you may recall, we have a MEMS foundry in Beaumont, and that foundry is one of the three largest independent MEMS foundries in the world. We’re enjoying an exceptional year there. We’re almost 100% booked in that foundry and that’s another growth area. I think e2v also is enjoying similar growth, specifically in barcode reading use, again that uses their cameras, as well as the 3D sensors, which I mentioned, which are very unique. We are also seeing demand growing for our CMOS x-ray detectors at the core Teledyne businesses. So those are some examples.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say in both areas. First, 3D sensors are used obviously in consumer electronics, but also they are used in machine vision applications because you get a more precise reading of three dimensional sizes and quality of objects that you are observing. They are also used in, and I think we will probably start participating in, in addition to machine vision, in automotive collision and avoidance. And this gives us a whole debt capability in 3D added to what we have in our own laser-based systems. This gives us a whole new set of capabilities to go in new markets.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, historically, what they’ve done is they’ve had – year was ended in March. And historically, what it had is a bigger quarters at the end of the year. We’re trying to obviously, flatten that out like we trying to do with our own businesses. But historically, they started slow in their first quarter, which is this would be their first quarter and, of course, this is our second quarter. But then they picked up. But I think that I would view that, Jim, as transition year. This should flatten out in future years.
Robert Mehrabian: I think our gross margins would go up from, let’s say 37.5% to 40%. But the bottom line margins are different. The business is we buying have better in some areas, not into all areas, in some areas have better operating margins than we do. But overall, because we’re going to be adding about $0.20 to $0.24 of intangibles, what happens is that if you do on EBITDA analysis that is take the amortization out, our overall margins would increase. But because the amortization is hitting us pretty hard, the overall bottom line margin of the company will go down somewhat, maybe 10, 20, 30 basis points. But that’s all right, because in the end, what you’re looking for is how much profit you make and what happens to your EPS. So in that way, we should be fine.
