Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Susan. We would now like to take your question. Trisha, if you're ready to proceed with the question and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg. First, we announced earlier this year that we intend to buy some of our shares back. Our intentions so for are to buyback enough shares to offset the dilution from stock compensation awards that are made during the year. If you look back in the last 10 years, dilution from our stock compensation cumulatively has been about a $1.20 hit to our earnings per share. What we've decided to do is just start buying back our stock to prevent that dilution going forward. On the flip side, I think we have sufficient capital and a good strong balance sheet to continue on our acquisition patterns, especially if you find things that are attractive and additive to our portfolio.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Thanks Mark. As that business has become a smaller portion of our portfolio, this quarter was about 10.5% of our overall portfolio. The flip side is that the business as I mentioned had a really good book-to-bill ratio of 1.28 this quarter. The shift that’s happened there that's important to note is that we exited our businesses that had to do with system engineering and technical assistance work, which is the lowest margin work that we have there and we shifted that business in two directions. First, to more manufacturing programs, which is what I said about the space launch adapted. Second, we are taking the system engineering capabilities and applying them across the company to areas where we can use their overall systems capabilities to get large program such as the one that we got with the Navy program and the glider program and then they're building, of course shallow water underwater vehicle for special operation. So in some ways, the business, yes, it’s gotten smaller. In another ways, it’s become a much more important part of our portfolio because of their broadest capabilities in putting together large programs.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks. Let me start with Engineered Systems. I think we will pick up as we go through the year. So, I think we'll end the year pretty flat with last year. So, I think the significant decline in the first quarter was probably the low point of the business. We might have a little decline in Q2 vis-à-vis Q2 of last year. But right now, our plans are to pick up later in the year. So overall, I think we'll end up flat. Moving to instrumentation, I think, organically, we will be in the 3% up range for the year. In Digital Imaging, we should be around the same range, 3% or so, maybe a little less. And A&D, considering the fact that we are giving up $40 million of, kind of a one-time program for a wager that we had in Europe last year, we will make that up hopefully and end up flat. So our fundamental basic programs are going to be up and we should end the year fairly flat. And so the rest of the programs, we will have to make up 4% and 5% to make up for that $40 million. So that’s the color.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Dan, but let me start with the latter. The digital imaging business also is the larger part of the business. And even in the imaging that we have within Teledyne Scientific & Imaging, we have some commercial businesses. We make some for example infrared cameras and sensors for commercial applications. And overall, I think the digital imaging, the DALSA businesses were up I am going to say double digit and the imaging in Scientific was down about 12% primarily because push off of some of our government programs. I think if you look at the whole digital imaging, I would say about 27%, 28% of it is government business that is commercial.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Chris, you are absolutely correct. Fundamentally, first, we have this conflict, organizational conflict that we have to overcome because we are bidding bolt-on contracts and that in some ways you see the work, you’re kind of supervising or helping the contracts. So we got out of that. The other part is just what said, this had low margin business. The pressure from the government too parcel out big chunks of that to small firms that qualify brings the margins down into 2% to 3% and it’s not something we want to do. Yes, it makes the revenues looks good, but overall it doesn’t help at all.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think, Chris, in Q2, we will again have that $20 million of headwind from the software -- radio-based -- software-based radio program that we had with the foreign government. But if you put that aside, I think we expect that our defense businesses in the U.S. have stabilized. We’re actually for a change getting some orders in programs like our traveling wave tubes that we haven’t had for a while. The book-to-bill ratio in our microwave products has improved significantly over 1. And so, I am going to say that because of some new contract releases from the major clients and also the other thing that’s happening vary that a number of qualified suppliers to the clients have decreased significantly. So, we’ve postured ourselves reasonably well. So overall, I think the challenges there are behind us with the exception of the one program that it was one shot for last year to a foreign government.
Robert Mehrabian: No, I think with the most recent award that we got from NASA on their adapter for the space launch system, we don’t expect anything very large. We do expect that some of our programs that you’re very familiar obviously with the shallow water vehicle. As those come out of their limited rate production, they will pick up in the future years because those are big programs for us. But right now I don’t see anything out there with the minor exception of, if we do something in our space imaging, if we had some other programs, especially for the hyperspectral cameras that would go into our marquee users platform that we got to put on the international space station.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Actually one of our colleagues Tom Altshuler who is Vice President and Manager of our Benthos and Gavia and Webb facilities, it’s been on CNN continuously. First, historically, Chris, we produced the fingers themselves. We sold that product line last year. It was a small product line. And so we understand that that whole acoustic business is, whether marine camera and measurements systems are based on. Second, the so-called the detectors or the microphones, those are ours primarily and both does use the same technology as you are familiar with. You send electrical signal to a ceramic which the electrical signal cause the ceramic to deform, as a deform creates acoustic pulse in the water, you get the same thing at the other end, acoustic pulse arrive, ceramic deforms avail with and it creates an electric signal which we record. We have been heavily involved. People are using our equipment for the discovery. So we also make a whole bunch of others longer like fingers that fetch but right now we certainly aware and involved in that frequencies, the wavelengths, the dissipation of energy, yeah.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, our margins went up this quarter as you know. I think they’ll hold in Q2 and I’m hoping that in Q3 and 4 they will pick up a little more. So we’ll end up the year I hope -- by the end of the year I hope we’ll end up higher than Q1.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I want to say, let me start in the bigger picture and let’s say from the 120 basis point improvement in margins, perhaps 80 of it might be pension and other stuff. The pension, for the whole year over last year, we are talking about $0.26 to $0.28 improvement in that range.
Robert Mehrabian: In terms of taxes, if you look at this year, we have some discreet tax events that have happened. This year we had a discreet tax event in the first quarter of $0.06. Last year, first quarter, we had $0.07. But to put things in prospective, we really don’t expect a lot of other discreet tax awards this year or discrete tax benefit this year except if Congress passes the R&D tax credit, if passed the senate committee and it has to be acted by the senate and the house. If that happens, we might get another maybe $0.10 to $0.12 pickup. Now, last year on the other hand, if you look at all the discrete tax credit that we got last year throughout the year, they added up to over $0.55. And we were fortunate because against that we had approximately $0.47 of restructuring cost that we took. So it kind of balance that out. Net-net we ended up with may be $0.07, $0.08, $0.09 of tax benefit involved the restructuring last year. And this year, except for the R&D tax benefit, we are going to be at about the same place. We are going to have about $0.07 of tax benefit, maybe a couple of more pennies here and there but -- so it’s a wash year-over-year if you look at it that way.
Robert Mehrabian: It is very simple. We do have a spectroscopic capabilities which we actually manufactured a very interesting machine from our Lehman labs for spectroscopy. It is a coupled plasma device and to do that you need samples. And CETAC also has a line of machines and they were using the photon machines laser ablation. What is permitted to do as you use very strong pulse laser in a nanosecond range and you ablate the sample. So we were already using this stuff, partially out of CETAC. And we decided its better to bring a man and have the complete line of Teledyne line. And major ablation actually works really well where you have very small amounts of samples on the surface and you want to lift them up and be able to look at the composition of the sample. So it was kind of rounding up our portfolio, bringing it in-house. Yeah.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. That’s turned out to be a really good thing for us because as you know, we do have a very strong scientific capability here at our science center at Teledyne in Thousand Oaks. What that new center enables us to do is to co-locate some of our people from here to there and so they work along side the production people, introducing new predictive materials, new ceramic features for high power. That’s turned out to be a really good program for us. And the flip side of it is, also our customers can come and spend time with us there. And the flip side is we’ve also build some facilities in our customer’s plant, for example, at LC plant in Brazil. And so all-in-all, that’s a great business for us and we’re introducing new products. And we think that business has really good legs on it.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I think, I may have misled you but I think what we were talking about the push out of contracts in our imaging business here in California, which is the infrared….
Robert Mehrabian: …as well as imaging for primarily for space and a lot of classified programs. It wasn’t so much the upon sequestration affect. It was earlier but right now it’s just delay in getting some of the lost contracts, especially classified program. We anticipate with time those things would straighten themselves out because as you probably are aware, we’re one of two companies in the nation that can produce really high-end (indiscernible) Teledyne for space with pretty much owned space program for the astronomy domain and we shared the program with another company for other military and classified applications. So we anticipate that over the long-term that will stabilize.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, our strategy has always been kind of consistent to buy things or add things that are relevant to what we're already doing. So that extensions are probably big. So we’re always looking for things that are relevant to our existing business. We intend to continue that. We spent a lot of our time. We’re probably the first company that started buying businesses in the underwater marine domain and have been very successful. We’ve bought about 14 small businesses there. But those prices have gotten way out of hand now, people are paying 15, 16, 17 multiples of EBITDA at three to four times revenue for those businesses. So we’re back looking at some of the others stuff that maybe a little more harsh. I would say it’s reasonably priced but still are consistent with our portfolio, more focus on commercial, more focus on international.
