Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. John, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Mike. First, we are rapidly bringing our leverage down. 2.9 leverage ratio that we currently enjoy is the number that we were really thinking would happen by the end of '22. So having moved that forward, I think by the end of '22, we should be in, what I would say, in an investment-grade range.  We are -- at the present time, we are pursuing bolt-on acquisitions but in the long term, we would also look at larger acquisitions. What do I mean by large? Anything that goes beyond a couple of billion dollars takes a little time, so even at this time, we can look at those things we take because it takes 10 months to a year to close. Having said all of that, our longer-term leverage ratio is somewhere between 1.5 to 2.5. So if we get down to 2.5 or less by the end of 2022, we'll be in good shape to do all these things.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Mike, its Robert. So, Mike, I guess -- I think our '22 number is something like a little over $900 million. '23 will still be over $1 billion. We might be able to improve on that as we go along. But right now with what I see or what we see in organic growth and also CapEx and other expenses, that's about the range.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, Greg, the Digital Imaging we ended full-year at a little over 24%. If you exclude the not one-time charges, it's a tough comp for us in '22. And the reason I say that is in Q2, when we acquired FLIR, they have always had their hockey stick sales profile during a quarter. So, at the beginning half of the quarter, they had a lot of costs which they made out in the second quarter of the quarter, as they sold product. And what we enjoyed this year was significant increase in the second half of third quarter, after we close the transaction right in the middle of the quarter on May 14. So that helped us with the margin.  Having said that, when you strip away all the one-time charges except for intangibles, we still think we're going to be in 22% close to 24%, 23.9%, 24 %, which is a little less than 21%. But we're stripping everything out there except intangibles. And those are pretty good margins and it's probably the result of the fact that we're able to maintain our reduced cost structure that we enjoyed implemented after the FLIR acquisition.  Now, if we can increase, as I said earlier, if we can increase price to make up -- better make up for inflation, I think our -- and with where our sales as robust as they have been, I think our margins will definitely increase.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let's start with price increase for us. In '21, on the average, we increase price about 2%, and we had volume increase of 6.2% and that resulted in the overall organic growth of 8.2%.  On the flip side, we had some price increases from our suppliers. We were fortunate in that one because we instituted a very strong procurement program starting in 2019 before the pandemic. And because of that, we also ended up with some good contracts longer-term contracts with some of our supplies. Having said all of that, I think about $2 billion that we buy from our various suppliers between the -- in the new Teledyne, I think we are going to have some price increases from them that are going to be in the 2% to 3%, maybe a little more. But we are offsetting that right now in 2022 with our own price increases of 1.5% to 2%, but maybe we can do a little better than that.  Right now, we're predicting -- projecting our volume to go up 2.5% to 3% on top of the price increase which goes with the current outlook that I gave you between 4% and 5%. Having said, that if an increase prices more and as we go down the year like we did in '21 and things turn out to be working for us our organic growth should be better, just like it was in 2021. 
Robert Mehrabian: I can only do the short-term, Jim. In Q1, the way we're looking at it, it's probably going to affect us somewhere about $80 million right now, what we see. Of course, we are working very hard on that one. We have buyers across our company focused on that, but more importantly where you also using buyers across the globe, specifically more in the far east that identify parts for us. So, if we have, let's say, 500 parts shortages across the company, they can usually find something about -- something around 60% to 70% for us. And then, of course, we have to qualify and use them.  Now we also have our semiconductor board manufacturers. They are also looking for parts for us at the same time. So we have this cooperative activity going on that I think has helped us so far certainly in 2021. Right now we're looking at $80 million decrements. But as we did in Q4, we'll overcome some of that as we go forward and we've kind of bake that in to our projections. So I don't think supply chain is going to kill us as it does in some of the other companies.
Robert Mehrabian: Right. Well, let me start with the first part of your question, which is book-to-bill. In the instrument area, book-to-bill is about 1.08. So pretty healthy. In Q4 it was higher, it was like 1.16, but the average is out over the fourth quarter there is 1.08. The strongest category there being enjoyed by marine. Nevertheless, all of our programs, all of our businesses in the instrument business have -- in the instrument segment have ratios over 1.  In Digital Imaging we have about 1.05, healthier in our historical Digital Imaging which includes of course, -- e2v and other things, that is really doing well. It's about 1.3. FLIR is less than 1. And the reason for that is primarily in their defense businesses, which are both lumpy and also they -- there are projecting at this time the kind of programs that we anticipate. That's why by the way, we restructured the management of that business under JihFen Lei, who was, as you know, the Deputy for Research and Engineering Acting Deputy for Research and Engineering in Department of Defense. And we think that's going to come along fine.  In AD&E, Aerospace and Defense segment, there was over 1, it was 1.04. And in Engineered System, which is big programs fairly lumpy was close to 1. So overall, I'd say if you look at the total company, at the end of 2021 averaged over 2021, we're talking about 1.05, which I think, at this time for us that's a pretty healthy number. And then, let me go to the second part of your question which had to do with margins. We have significant margin improvement in all of our businesses except fairly flat in Engineered Systems in '21. Let me start with that because the trick is to maintain those margins as we move into '22 and as we grow.  First, in Instruments, our margins increased from '20 to '21, 218 basis points and we expect to increase that another 30 basis points to 23.8%. As I mentioned, in Digital Imaging, overall we have some tough comps, our margins may decline just a little bit maybe 30, 40 basis points. But I think as we improve our revenue and pricing, that should take care of that. In Aerospace and Defense, our margins between 2021 and 2020 increased 745%, and we expect to improve that another 80 basis points in 2022. Engineered Systems is the toughest comp we had because we did exit the turbine engine business and we think we're going to have some margin shrinkage there. Maybe 40, 50 basis points, but it's of course 48% of the company.  So, overall, I think total company margins right now with the organic growth that I projected between 4% and 5%, I think, our total margins were the company will improve about 20 basis points to 21.5%. But as I said before, if we can enjoy a little more price increases and if our revenue goes up, just like it did '21, then our margins will go up accordingly. I think that helps.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say, Kristine, overall, things are improving. There are pockets where things have not improved. Basically, the lead times are increased a little bit. And the trick is, of course, to make sure that you build certain products that you're waiting for a single part or 2 parts, build those products and put them on the shelf and be ready to move as soon as you secure the part. That especially becomes important in something like our cameras. We have thousands of cameras that can go out as soon as the part arrives. And because of the efforts, Kristine, that I mentioned before, with buyers across the world, especially in the Far East, looking for specifically people dedicated for looking for parts for us, we're able to offset those. I think, overall, the -- across our portfolio, part shortages are not that important in certain areas like aerospace and defense and certain parts of Digital Imaging. For example, some of the people that supply us semiconductor products for our Digital Imaging, that is the people that make the various products that we designed, they're also our customers. So there is a little bit of a -- we enjoy a little bit of leverage there, in that what goes around comes around. So we enjoy that leverage. So I would say the serious matter, but it's not as serious as other companies are suffering from.
Robert Mehrabian: Kristine, I've never got to admit it's easy because if it were easy, then we would -- we'd enter a different world. What is happening to us is that we can't get price increases where our products have superior performance. So if someone is going to buy a camera, that's got very specific requirements for their application, and we provided, then we can enjoy price increases. In our protocol analyzers and oscilloscopes, where we have very unique positions, we're way ahead of the curve on other people. we can enjoy significant price increases. On the other hand, if you're making a product in the ambient particulate or ambient air monitoring and you're in China, and they're emphasizing by Chinese, and they are not really that interested in paying a high price for a product that's really superior then you don't have as much price advantage and you have to compete with what the market dictates. Fortunately, for us, Kristine, as you travel across our portfolio of products, across the company because our end markets are so diverse, you get really -- because of our balanced portfolio, you get some places where can enjoy serious price increases and some places that you have to stay competitive. So what you do is you just focus on cutting costs, focused on improving manufacturing operations.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I can tell you, we measure ourselves against the very best-in-class. We've closed our margin gap significantly over the last 5 years. We have improved margins about 400 basis points. Now going forward another 5 years, where I sit here now, I'll say if we can improve 40 to 50 basis points a year, it'd be great. We've closed the gap very fast. On the other hand, if things go our way, which seems to have gone our way in the past, we could do better than that. But sitting here right now, I'd say, 40 to 50 basis points looking forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. There are two parts to it, Andrew. Of course, there's our legacy digital imaging, and there's our new acquisition clear. So if you would bear with me, I'd like to separate the 2 for a minute. And then, of course, going forward, we're going to talk as if there were one. But let me start with our historical Digital Imaging. Without acquisitions, between '20 and '21, we enjoyed 15.5%, 15.6% increase in revenue from about $986 million to $1.140 billion. And then -- if you look at our machine vision within that, some cameras, scientific cameras, and sensors, that really did well. It was -- in the fourth quarter, it was 29%. And in the fourth quarter, it was about 36%, forgive me. Overall during the year was 29%.  Health care, which as you know, we make x-rays as well as x-ray source components for cancer treatment. We had our best quarter we've had in the last -- ever, this year. And it increased 19.5% in Q4 and 15.8% for the year.  And then we also had growth in our aerospace and defense in that segment. Fourth quarter, about 4.8%, over the year about 4.1%. And then MEMS, as you know, our Micro Electro Mechanical Systems, fabs and factories, we enjoyed about 17.9% for fourth quarter and 12.3%. So fourth quarter was a great quarter. We had a little decline in our J-S ratio, but that's a very small part of that portfolio. It's only $60 million. So $2 million or $3 million would look like a lot of money, but it essentially didn't grow year-over-year. Now -- looking -- again, I'm going to stay with this segment for a while. Looking forward to 2022, at this time, we're projecting about 5.35% growth for next year, something to go to about $1.2 billion. And that varies across the various products. A much more moderated increases that we had in 2021. But again, let me caution that it's the beginning of the year. And I can't see -- we can't see too far forward to project things much higher than 5%, 5.3% in this domain. Let's go to FLIR for a second. Overall, before we acquired FLIR, in 2020, their revenues of about $1.924 billion. And of course, that was the year that they really enjoyed the elevated skin temperature products, which contributed about $100 million to their revenue. If you go through 2021 and you add up pre-acquisition and post-acquisition revenue for the whole year for FLIR, it was $1.895 billion. So it went down about $29 million, which means that we made up most of that $100 million decrement that we saw in the elevated skin temperature, which was also reflected primarily in the industrial segment businesses, which were down about $46 million. Next year, we're projecting those businesses to improve by about 5.9%. And overall, the total business to increase to almost -- to $2 billion or increase from where we are today, 5%, 5.5% to $2 billion. And then if you track the diverse defense and Gray Marine, et cetera, Gray Marine had a great year. That's part of, of course, the industrial segment, almost 15.9%. We think it moderate about 3% next year. Defense businesses enjoyed some pickup from $768 million to $785 million in 2020 to '21, but we're projecting another 6.4% increase going into '22. So -- and almost increases in all areas. So in sum total, we think that our overall digital imaging businesses, which would be both of those combined will be about $3.2 billion in revenue, which would be an increase of about 5%, maybe a little more over this year. No, no. This is all --
Robert Mehrabian: Well, first, let me go into the aerospace part. Of course, that's the tilted towards commercial aerospace, that's a small portion of our overall portfolio. It's about $120 million, $125 million. But we look at real bidding from '20 to '21, from 2019 to '20, and that business just hit the bottom -- it went down about $100 million. We took cost out, as we always do. We took the cost out, and some of the comps, therefore, were easy as we come into the new year. That business has grown significantly and our margins are over 30% because of -- we kept the lower cost and improve the revenue year-over-year. But by and large aerospace business, like most of our other businesses is a small fraction of our overall portfolio. And that's what I always kind of emphasize the fact that we like to have a balanced portfolio, even in digital imaging -- we have a balanced portfolio between machine vision, health care, aerospace, geospatial, thermal, unmanned, surveillance, components, et cetera. So none of these businesses get hurt. And the point back to aerospace and defense. The other thing that's happened is we worked very hard to improve our margins in the defense part of that business. So if you look year-over-year, the margins in our Aerospace and Defense business from '21 to '22 because of the good The overall year margin went to 21.3% and increased 745 basis points with respect to '20. And we think in '22, we can increase it another 80 basis I hope that answers your question.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, by now that, by nature, relatively conservative. But just let me say that we have managed to take a significant amount of cost from FLIR. And we took as much cost this year as we talked we take between this year and next year combined. So that business is now stabilized. We're not going to squeeze that business anymore. We just took a lot of cost out in the whole management, top management, the, of course, public company. And then they have zillions or consultants that we don't need. And we did all of that without increasing our own corporate budget, which is important. So where else do we have synergies. We have some synergies in costs right there. The other areas are some of our purchasing powers have improved because of the coupling of the and then go to market together is important. And I think those synergies are small in each area, but they add up to significant numbers. Don't give you 1 example. We have a gas and flame business that we bought from 3M. It's a really good business. When we bought it, it had about 12% margins. Last year, the margins went over 20%. FLIR has a gas detection camera that we're trying to couple the tour and sell it together. The same thing goes with enormous number of FLIR commercial products in the thermography business and a lot of our visible cameras. And we're trying to couple those together, and FLIR had some mid-market cameras. We coupled that already with high-end cameras. So there are a lot of synergies. I've kind of baked that in so far for next year in our 5% overall revenue growth to about $3.2 billion. But I think if we have the synergies going forward, it could improve more than that. But right now, we're trying to keep our stable or cost reductions so that we don't get smacked with some cost increases and then slowly work our synergies as we go forward.
Robert Mehrabian: FLIR margin is going to go down a little bit primarily because of -- as I mentioned before, I don't know if you were on the call there, well the Q2 was really good because they produce most of that material earning in Q2. Their margins are going to be close to 24%. And our own legacy margins are going to be above 23.8%, which, by the way, that's 200 basis points higher than what we had in 2020. So if we can maintain that and increase it together, I think it's going to be tough. We may have a little reduction in overall margin, let's say, basis, 40 basis points, be close to 24%, which is pretty good. Our margins in digital imaging and our instrumentation are very close to one another as we're projecting in '22 at almost 24% each. And as I said, in aerospace and defense, we've called up to 22%. So I'm happy with that scenario.
Robert Mehrabian: No, let me take a couple of pieces of that. When the pandemic hit, our health care business has suffered because a lot of the selected X-ray treatment and even cancer treatment took a significant hit because the hospitals were overloaded. As things eased up a little bit, both our X-ray business and our X-ray source business went -- ticked up. And so it enjoyed a 14% increase. That's the highest in the quarter, that was up 19.5%. So it averaged about 13.4%. So we picked it up as the year went on. And that was really driven by the fact that people started having more surgeries and treatments, et cetera. In the machine vision business, our inspection businesses went up significantly throughout the year. And if you take our scientific cameras, which are also very important, they are used in all kinds of applications, including looking at details of called sources, and there you have very fast cameras, which we do. We started the year okay, but then it started picking up. And by quarter 4, it was over 36%. So it's nothing that happened all suddenly. It was just a slow increase in those businesses as we went along. And MEMS, we have a unique capability in both promo that we bought this MicroLine MEMS business. There's a scarcity of independent MEMS foundries, we are probably one of the top independent foundries in the world. And so with the shortages that are happening customers are coming where they can get stuff and where we can make them. And so that's helped us a lot too. That overall year-over-year increased 10% -- 9.4% but picked up almost 18% in Q4. So it's not any one thing, it's a lot of these little things adding up. What we're trying to do is we're trying to give conservative guidance for '22 because the comps are so tough. And then as I said before, we have to kind of tip to our way through these supply chain issues. I mean I guess the numbers are impressive, but the decent amount of that detail you gave there is COVID and some of the movement around that and then supply chain, all of which hopefully don't last forever or at least to the degree they do impact they have today. Do you worry about not only a tough compare, but then just a resetting back to normal of some of those items? Or you just have enough incremental penetration you can find to keep growing that business. I think just to walk out of my shoes, my conservative shoes, I'd be surprised if we don't do better as we go on.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Yes. The answer is yes. And then -- by the way, there's a little difference between -- you covered for a long time. So you probably know those businesses historically, the trends, better than I do. Having said that, they may have projected revenues, robust revenues year-over-year. But I am not sure how many of them they hit -- so when I say $2 billion in 2022, I kind of feel that we can achieve that. Having said that, let's talk about this divestiture issue. You recall that at one time, they were thinking of selling their Raymarine businesses. Well, we don't because we have a huge number of marine businesses that fit tightly with that business. We have our whole Marine effort with all the capabilities we have in underwater imaging and then our LiDAR businesses, that's a go for us. That business has done very well in 2021, and we're projecting it to grow. And that's not even counting the synergies that we should enjoy in that domain. So frankly, I don't see any part of that business that we would divest. It's a good portfolio. That's why we pay a dear price for us to get it.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, two reasons, Noah. First, as I mentioned before, the aerospace portion of that business came back because we took the cost out and the revenue -- any revenue increase just was really huge gross margins. So that increased tremendously. And frankly, in 2020, that was depressed versus 2019. That was depressed because of the cost cutting that we did in the aerospace portion of that. The other thing is on the defense portion of that, we had some really nice programs. We kind of stabilized that. We have really good new managers up there. And so that's helped us. And then lastly, in the aerospace part, we're enjoying good aftermarket. The aftermarket in that domain is pretty good. And OEM is coming back, while OEM margins are a little less than we enjoy we'd like to think, especially in '22 and '23, with the aftermarket because they have already our products on the aircraft. We think that will be good. And then we have some really exciting new products coming out like we've mentioned this, you may recall, we have an aircraft -- on-aircraft monitoring -- air monitoring product that we're introducing. And it's kind of built on their monitoring products that we have in our instrument businesses for outside the aircraft I think that's going to be a very good product because everybody when you get on an airplane, was the first thing you worry about nowadays is the quality of the year.
Robert Mehrabian: No, I don't think so. I think the mix between OEM and aftermarket, the margin should stay about the same. But as we said, in overall aerospace and defense market we expect an 80-basis point increase in margin between '21 and '22 for the full year.
