Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. We would now like to take your questions. Vicky, if you’re ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg. First, let me just emphasize that our aim always is to improve revenue and increase our earnings per share as we've done in the last 13 years, and part of the contribution to that, significant part, have been the acquisitions. Approximately 65 plus percent of our revenue and more than that in income comes through our acquisitions, so we will continue to look at those. We have a reasonably good pipeline of acquisitions. Having said that, as you also indicated, because of the healthy cash flow and our EBITDA of total of almost $395 million, we feel that we can do both open opportunistically. If there are a lot of large acquisitions available, we may not do as much buyback. On the other hand, I think the time has come for our company to look at those both options in a more balanced way. Having said that, price of oil going down, has affected our pipeline, at least our view of our pipeline somewhat in that we probably will be a little more cautious in making interments in the marine instrumentation domain that are related to oil production and exploration. Having said that as I said before our marine businesses are very well balanced and we will look at other opportunities in the marine domain that don’t serve the energy market. I don’t think prices have changed significant because of the change in oil; you have to obviously balance the price of acquisitions with their earning potential. I hope that answers your question.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think in the instrumentation segment, we believe that the margins, we should be able to maintain those margins. I should note, Greg, that if you look at our Q1, both 2014 and 2013, Q1 is our weakest quarter because of the markets we serve, and so in Q1 we expect margins for almost all of our segments to be closer to Q1 of last year, but as the year goes on, I think the margins will improve as they did this year. In instrumentation, we view instrumentation in the various groupings. First, in oil and gas, our margins are very healthy and we just - our emphasis are to keep those margins and see if we can move the top line up a little bit. In test and measurements that you mentioned, primarily LeCroy, our aim is not to worry so much about revenue growth so we have some potential improvements in other businesses using LeCroy technologies. Our aim there is to improve margins, and we will do that next year. And in our environmental instrumentation, they have healthy margins we just want to keep them and move the top line up a little bit.
Robert Mehrabian: No that’s all right. And I just want to go back what Su mentioned and what I said about pension. If we hadn't taken the actions that we took on pension, which were mitigation by freezing the non-qualified pension, by doing one-time buys, our pension headwinds would have been significantly larger than it is, but nevertheless, having said all of that, between pension taxes, we have a $0.50 headwind going into next year. Our aim is to make that up in 2015, so that really consumes our various margin improvement programs.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Good morning Jim. I think from a top line standpoint. We should have about 1% or so in instrumentation primarily because we have, that's organic. That’s primarily because of the impact of our oil exploration programs which gone it is probably going to see 25% to 35% decline in revenue there, so we have to make it up somewhere else. And then there is foreign exchange headwind. In digital imaging, I think we can improve that about 3% to 4%. In Aerospace and defense, we will just be under 4% I will say 3.5% and engineered system I am talking year-over-year Jim I hope you’re read me on that.
Robert Mehrabian: And engineered systems should improve the top line by about 4% collectively with taking into account with foreign exchange and the fact that first as Sue said, there's 10% of our stuff that are producing those markets, but the other problem that we have is we're competing in our instrumentation and other businesses overseas, and we have about 45% of our overall sales overseas. So we have to drop prices in those places in dollar denominations to compete. So we think revenue next year, organic revenue growth is going to be around 2% it could be a little higher, but right now that’s what we see.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, Jim I’ll try. First, we’ve seen some pick up in our LIDAR base or laser based imaging business which we own 51% of, a company called Uptick in Canada. They've introduced new products and as a consequence of that, they have gained market share and we have some nice backlog going into next year. Their new products are, for example, there's a high performance airborne LIDAR that they've introduced and a multicolor laser wavelength light, those are making good in roads in the markets, so some of the growth is going to come from there. We also have new products we're introducing area scan products. We've primarily been a line scan camera oriented business. We're introducing area scan products with CMOS based sensors, and last to contributions we think will come from our infrared micro bolometers production and cameras in Canada, and from our very high resolution CMOS-based X-rays, so if you combine all of those, we think those would contribute to the revenue increase.
Robert Mehrabian: I think what - let me just backup a second. What we got in 2014, year-over-year was at 12.5% reduction in our scrap rework and warranty across over a billion dollars of manufactured goods, so that helped us out a lot. Over the last 10 years, the percentage of those, what we call price on non-conforming our factories has gone down from 5.1% to 1.8% resulting in a net improvement in our earnings of over $60 million. Now, our aim to do the same, Steve, every year. Our target for next year is around the same, 10% or so. We think if we can achieve that, especially where we have higher numbers for price on non-conformers, those would be primarily in more recent acquisitions, and we can improve the margins. I'm going to say overall in those businesses we can improve margins 20, 30 maybe 40 basis points from that. But some of the other businesses that have been with us for a long time all ready have (inaudible) numbers, percentages that are below 1; 0.6, 0.7. And improvement that 10%, 15% improvement there, while we do it, it’s not going to have a major effect in our bottom line.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, right now if you look at our debt to EBITDA ratio, it's about 1.7. If you look at it from a net debt that Sue mentioned, to EBITDA ratio. It’s closer to 1.5. Having said that, I think we have a ceiling roof for our debt to EBITDA of 3. We'll never get that close, 3.25 to be exact. I think we feel comfortable to be around 2, maybe a little higher. We might go up to a 2.5, but we'll bring it down very fast by generating cash, but even at 1.8 to 2, we already have borrowing capacity if we assume that was the ceiling of up to $650 million.
Robert Mehrabian: Not specific, what we have Chris is we know what our large customers on the exploration side are telling us, they are basically delaying of new vessels, other companies that we don’t do business with are retiring vessels. So there we have a pretty good idea of what that market is going to be like, it could be done as much as 35% year-over-year. Remembering that it was a $100 million in 2013 and closer to 80 this 2014 and other 30% decline would bring it down to $60 million, so you are going from 100 to 60 over two years. The flip side is as I said, our oil production so far is holding up very well, and part of that you ask about what kind of price to oil. Part of that is that different sources of oil and gas recovery have different price breakeven points depending on whether its shallow water that would be the lowest, onshore, conversational, it could be maybe $40, deep-water probably over $60, but then when you get to shale oil you are talking about $70, could be as high as $100. So what we're seeing is changes in the dynamics of the businesses the shale oil businesses are reducing their cost very fast, because that’s not too hard to do, and you will pick up your trucks and move them and stop the drilling. And where as in deep water the projects are planned over a 10-year period and larger oil companies have seen oil prices go up and down over the two decades and they can’t plant immediate price reduction, because they are spending huge amounts of money. For example, in the Combo Offshore Award that we got late in 2014 that is a $10 billion investment and cant shut that ticket off or turn it down. So they have a much longer view of the market than we do, and even as early as November, the quest subsea database is projecting increases in – significant increases in the production in the next six or seven years, as much as 70 or more percent. So, it's very hard to credit. I think in the deep sea oil production, we feel comfortable that oil prices are not going to affect them very quickly. Having said that, I'll repeat remarks that I made before in the last earnings call, which is it's my personal view that oil consumption per capita oil consumption is going to increase, especially as we see recoveries in the foreign markets because their capital consumption is several, four or five times less than ours or other for developed countries, and in the long-term, oil prices supplies are not going to be as abundant as they are today compared to consumption, so I think in the long-term oil prices have to moderate upwards and that's my prospective. I may be wrong, but I don't think so.
Robert Mehrabian: We don’t Chris, we don’t expect to make a pension contribution. As of the end of the year, considering the 4.5% discount rate, to mention 90 basis points reduced from last year it was 5.4% its now 4.5% for us. Our pension is 110% funded, even at that discount rate and it’s a changes were in the mortality tables that actually got together and decided that people live longer, probably true, and so we don't need to make a contribution, but what we needed to do was take some actions by freezing our non-qualified pension plan and making one-time lump sum offers to those people who are retiring. We've made those to people who've what we call vested, people that are vested in our pension but are not at Teledyne anymore and I haven't begun withdrawing pension. We have bought about over 500 of those folks out of our pension planning the last two years.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. What they did is in the last few days of the year, they passed a R&D tax credit for 2014 only. They could have passed it, they could have done it permanently, they could have passed it for 2014 and 2014 as they did in 2013. In 2013, at the beginning of the year they passed it for 2013 and 2013, so we don't have an R&D tax credit right now in our plan for 2015. If it comes, then it will bump our earnings up anywhere between $0.10 and $0.15, but I can’t guide straight to earnings assuming something is going to happen in Washington. You now how predictive that is.
Robert Mehrabian: First, there are very few if any acquisitions. There are three or four big players. It's heavily consolidated market, and our job there is very simple. Take market share, and we've been relatively successful in that. First, we have this very large sole source contract from Boeing for the next 12 or 13 years that would address specifically put our systems in 737, 737 max, 777 and next generation of 737, 737 max and 747 production aircraft. These are the high volume aircraft. The other thing is, in the market share gain, we've been very fortunate to take market away from our competitors by having some of the larger airlines that have a lot of aircraft, take out competitor products and put our data acquisition systems. For example, Northwest airlines just gave us an order to add, I'm sorry, I said Northwest, I meant Southwest, to add 85 of our data acquisition systems over the next 18 months in their existing aircraft, so market share is very important there.
Robert Mehrabian: I’ve spoken to oil explorations, I won’t go over that. On the production side, we have a very healthy backlog right now. I’d say we have sufficient backlog to be able to predict what’s going to happen in 2015, certainly in the first nine months of 2015, and as I mentioned we don't expect to be significant change in that domain. And the flip side of that is as I mentioned, again, there are other areas of Marine that kind of make up for that, especially in defense and in size transportation hydrography etcetera.
Robert Mehrabian: We think that business is going to do something around $50 million next year. And it contributed about $8 million in six weeks in the end of 2014. So even if that goes down, some we think the 50 is a fairly reasonable for us. And that business has, as I mentioned before as parts of it that have more to do with search and rescue and hydrography and other business and we have same thing with Ocean Science, so that’s where we are.
Robert Mehrabian: I think what will happen is we may get as much as $0.10 may be $0.08, our intangibles from that are going to be significant as always are in all of our acquisitions. If we did non-GAAP adjusted earnings which a lot of people, you're familiar with, you cover, do, we would have probably add $0.63 to our earnings because of our intangibles. So once you take the intangibles out maybe $0.08 to $0.10.
Robert Mehrabian: Hi Rob, good question. What happened in the capital expenditure is that we spent a significant amount of money in 2013 especially and a little bit in early 2014 in facility consolidation and we reduced our footprint across the company by 7% as part of our cost reduction, and so that didn’t happen then that slowed down in the end of 2014 and we ended up spending about $45 million. We think next year it might go up to $60 million to $65 million which is kind of our normal CapEx for a company of our size and the kinds of technologies that we have to maintain.
Robert Mehrabian: That’s a good number Rob, I think we also get as you know we also get another 80 to 100 from outside sources, so our total R&D is about 10% of our revenue. In 2014, it didn't change very much. I would say it's flat and we think it will be flat in 2015.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, I’ll give you a specific example. We have, for example, we have a small business that does nuclear plant valve testing. What they do is they have strain gauges and software and all nuclear plants have to test their opening and closure of their valves every so often, especially after they have a fuel replacement cycle and that's a nice business, not big. It's maybe $10 million, but it makes great margins. What the LeCroy folks have been able to do is bring their expertise in digitalization and assist that company to develop a completely new product, which will probably over the next couple of years double the revenue in that one small business which has really good margins. So what we're trying to do at LeCroy is do that in a number of our other businesses. Just about every instrument that we make has relevant digitalization and a need to display the data in some form or another. They're experts at that. Especially when it comes to high definition data they have of course their new eight channel, 12-bit scope which they just launched six months ago and out-selling even our highest expectations. They bring those kinds of technology to new product development. The final thing is that LeCroy has probably the best marketing and sales channels at Teledyne across the world, and they are kind of coordinating a lot of our international sales in other instrumentation under that capability.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the market when I said we are obviously want to increase revenue, but the market as a whole that whole market yes I am going to say we expect in 2015 that market to grow about 2% across the world. In some places, it will go faster. Perhaps in Europe, Middle East and Pacific might grow 3%, 4%. The U.S. has been softer. So I think the scope market is relatively flat. On the other hand we do have a protocol business is the software base business primarily that markets growing faster and that grows more or like 8% or so.
