Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Susan. We would now like to take your questions. Moses, if you're ready to proceed with the question-and-answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I believe that we will have some nice organic growth in our marine sensors and oil and gas businesses in the mid-single digits. I think in our environmental businesses, we should see almost double-digit growth. This would primarily be because we're selling a lot of products, including air quality monitoring products, to countries like China. And in the test and measurement, which is the LeCroy, I feel we're pretty much stabilized. The market's actually down a little bit there. We're holding our own. I think next year should be about the same as this year, maybe just a little gain. So overall in the instrumentation market, Jim, I think we should have single-digit growth somewhere between 5% and 8% next year. And we also should see some improvement in our margins because of some of the actions that we've taken.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In Digital Imaging, we have really 3 pieces that we look at. First is DALSA. Actually, this quarter DALSA's revenue was up $10 million over last year fourth quarter, both in our machine vision and our life sciences x-ray products that we sell. The negative that we have there, which offset this positive, while we have reduced sales of cameras, especially in our imaging business here in California to the government, and we had reduced sales of LIDAR products primarily, again, to government agencies. Going forward, for next year, we believe that the -- generally, the DALSA business should see single-digit growth. Overall, we think the growth of this whole segment should be in 3% to 4% organically. But we also believe that we should have some really good gains in our margin, primarily because collectively out of the 860 or so folks that have left the company, about 180 of them have been in Digital Imaging, about 50 here in California, about 15 are semiconductor operations, about 50 at Optech and about 30 in our Eastern Canadian headquarters. So with that cost structure, I think we're better poised to improve our margins in this segment.
Robert Mehrabian: No. Our aim, Mark, is to improve our margins going forward. What has happened is that some of the costs we took out were really related to, as I mentioned, to reduce our exposure to government programs and high-cost regions like California. For example, Mark, you made a call in California at one time, we have 350 people in our microelectronic facilities in Los Angeles. That operation has been closed down. A small fraction of those people have moved to Tennessee, where we have another facility, and the combined operations then, not only is more profitable with improved margins, but can offer our customers a broader range of products. So the answer to the question is we've reduced our exposure to government businesses that we really are worried about, like electronic manufacturing. And then, we expect -- because of that and because we've also reduced our costs in some of our commercial businesses, we expect our margins to improve as we go forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That's shallow water underwater vehicles. It's -- right now, it's in preproduction. We're going into making some preproduction units. I think that will go into production in 2015. We should be in full production. And when we get there, that should benefit us about $35 million to $40 million a year in revenue.
Robert Mehrabian: We had -- I'm trying to get the numbers. On the charges in instrument segment, I'm going to say total charges were about $2.5 million. The decline -- some of the decline in margins was due to the acquisition of RESON. RESON had lower margin and more intangibles. And then we also acquired CDL. The combination of those 2, some of the expense in the acquisition process, as well as the fact that, especially RESON, as a beginning Teledyne company, had lower margins. It pulled down some of our margins. But I think, going forward next year, we expect the margins to again improve over 2013, Mark.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Tyler. I think, in terms of revenues in the electronics, I think revenues are going to be pretty flat. We can -- we will have some revenue improvements in aerospace products, the one that we mentioned about making product information systems in commercial aircraft. We'll have some improvements there in the single digit. We expect our interconnect products to have high-single digit pickups, but we expect some decrease in our microwave solutions business, primarily because we had a very large program, counter-IED program in the U.K. this year, about $40 million, which won't repeat itself next year. So we expect almost double-digit decline in the microwave solutions. But I have to say that the rest of our microwave businesses, especially with the government, have not only stabilized now, but we've gotten some new programs. So overall from a revenue perspective, I expect that segment to remain flat year-over-year. On the other hand, because of the significant cost reductions that we've undertaken, especially in our contract manufacturing, which was unprofitable because of the losses we took for restructuring. And because of the improvements in cost structure, we expect to see a double-digit improvement in our earnings in that segment. Going to the Engineered System segment, the situation there is really more complex than the one I just mentioned. I think, again, we should have lower single-digit revenue increase there, primarily some improvement in our Engineered System business, especially in manufacturing. Our turbine engines seem to be doing stabilized and doing okay because of both JASSM production, as well as some F&S sales that are coming. I think, again, we should see a little margin improvement there, relatively flat sales maybe in the -- maybe a little organic growth in the lower-single digits. Overall, if you want to put things in perspective, in 2013, overall, our U.S. government sales went down about 7.5%. Broadly speaking, overall, on average our commercial sales went up about 7% organically. And we think, organically, as a result of those 2, we have sales gains of -- I'm going to say about 2% for the year. We expect that to be about the same for 2014 across our segment with some deep puts and takes. Our government businesses are going to be a little lower, our commercial businesses are going to be a little higher. But as I mentioned to Mark's question earlier, I expect that our margins next year will improve, and that's why Sue put the guidance out, that it's at the $5.06 to $5.12 at a 30% tax rate earlier.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say our government sales, because I kind of -- we do have sales to NASA as well as defense department. So if you'd log those together, that's a little over 25%, maybe 26%, 27%. CDL, if you went to a full year for CDL, I think that's about, annualized, it's about $15 million.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we expect it to be about the same level as this year. I think net income should be about what we expect net income to be, between $180 million and $200 million. And that's why we -- and by the way, we made a pension contribution, Tyler, this year for 2 years, for 2013 and 2014. So we don't have to make a pension contribution in 2014. That's why Sue mentioned that we believe we'll have a little extra cash to kind of start buying some of our stock back to kind of offset the dilution we're getting from our stock option.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's going to be minimal, Kevin, maybe $1 million, $1.5 million that I see. And that's primarily because of the remaining 4 sites that we're pulling back together. We didn't completely get all 15 sites done in 2013. We still have to move some manufacturing from San Diego up to our microwave facility and a couple other things. But by in large, Kevin, I think -- except if something happens to our markets, I think we're done with that for now.
Robert Mehrabian: I think primarily we're seeing some improvement in the general industry and in some in semi. The interesting thing for us there are 2 new things. One of them is our x-ray products. We have this CMOS x-ray detector that are much more sensitive than the amorphous silicon detectors, and we're gaining market share there. And that improved in the year this year. And the other one is that we have better machine vision products. Again, we came out recently with some CMOS products, introduce new CMOS products there. And that's been helpful to us. So we're fairly positive about our -- that part of our imaging business.
Robert Mehrabian: What -- I think right now we think some of our programs have stabilized. We were really worried for a while because we were not getting some of the orders that we normally get from the depots, for our -- for example, our various connectors and other things like traveling wave tubes. But we've seen some stabilization of that. We did get some nice orders in -- from the Navy, for 1,600 traveling wave tubes for the weapon system in the Aegis. I think U.S. may be a little better going forward. On the other hand, in U.K., because of that big program that we enjoyed in 2013, that's counter-IED program, which we delivered everything, $40 million worth. There the comps are going to be negative because we won't have that program in '14. So it's a mixed story, with the U.S. a little improved and then the comps in the U.K. being a little more difficult for us.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Overall government for 2013 was down about 7.5%, the U.S. government, where a couple of percent improvement in Q1 and then it went soft from there on. So we have double-digit decreases in our government programs in the last 3 quarters. But we think, going forward, that's going to not be as bad. I think it stabilized, except for the weakness that I said in the U.K.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's going to be flat. I think the only area that we think there might be some decline is in the -- only the comps in the U.K. where we have that big program. Otherwise I think we're going to be flat, maybe even a little up.
Robert Mehrabian: Gee, I wish I could say what you just did. I just don't have -- I'm not that brilliant. But that's good, I'll go along with that.
Robert Mehrabian: The -- we took it down -- we took it up now to 5.4 for next year. And if you look at where we were and where we took it, the net change of that is about $0.14 -- $0.14, $0.15, I'd say $0.14, improvement.
Robert Mehrabian: No, no. The reason you say we took it up was very simple. It's the bond yields have gone up and the discount rates that we use for the calculating pension obligations are based on yields of bonds. And right now we've select our portfolio based on AA bond rates. And those have gone up, so this contract goes up because of that. We don't do that ad hoc. We do that in collaboration with our people that look over our pension actuaries.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me answer the last question first, which is I don't know of a CEO that doesn't think their stock is cheap, right. But that's not why. We have -- as I mentioned, we have a fully-funded pension now. We don't have to make a contribution to pension this year. We like our own portfolio, but we're looking for acquisitions, and we will make acquisitions going forward. But, Chris, if you look at the amount of cash that we will generate next year, let's just say somewhere around our net income and even take it lower than that. But let's say between $150 million to $180 million. Sue mentioned that our net debt right now is about $450 million to $480 million. So if you take, let's say, $150 million in cash, or put it back, we're going to have net debt of around $300 million and we do have -- if we don't do anything. We do have -- then we will have ample liquidity if we wanted to borrow up to 2.5x our EBITDA, we would have probably liquidity between $800 million and $900 million to buy things. We think at this point it might be prudent to just pick up some stock that goes with the dilution from our stock option. If you looked at what's happened, we haven't bought much stock in the last 9 to 10 years. If you look at the dilution that we have experienced because of our stock issuance, you add it all up, it's over $1 a share in earnings. So it's a little bit like hedging to just kind of by a little of our stock, just so that dilution doesn't keep going up significantly. But if there's a big acquisition that we find that's attractive, we'll stop that in its tracks and spend the money there.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I don't think valuations have changed all that much. But specifically, on avionics front, Chris, we're in a niche market there. It's a fairly narrow market that we play in, the aircraft information system. It's a consolidated market. It's really not much available. We bought a couple of very small companies there over the last few years. There's nothing really available because the rest of it is consolidated, our competitors. Where there are opportunities for us and we're very keen on pursuing them, it would be probably in the marine as always. And perhaps if we can find something in the electronic test and measurement, that would be attractive. We surely would like to do more in imaging and x-ray if we can't find the appropriate acquisitions.
Robert Mehrabian: We always like the single-process [ph] approach. Anything small that fits that we can tuck it in, we'll take. If it complements what we have, specially, as we mentioned, we did CDL, we did CETAC, CETAC in the environmental and CDL in the marine. We did a slightly larger acquisition in RESON. We paid something north of $60 million for it. So we'll keep doing that. But having said that, there's always a possibility that something bigger will come along and we're looking for it. But there's -- those are kind of not as frequent and we were looking at DALSA, I think, for 5, 6 years before things worked out so we were able to acquire it. Those things also take a little longer time.
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, in the glider program, it's about -- we got -- it's about a $52 million contract for the first 150 gliders from the Navy. We've just been notified that we're a sole-source selection, been selected as a sole-source contractor for the next 150 gliders. We're pretty positive about that area, especially now that we're also seeing some interest from other countries. We think that glider program, which I'd say between $7 million and $8 million a year, is going to remain stable. The other one that we talked about earlier, which is the shallow underwater vehicle, which our Engineered Systems group also manages, we expect that when it goes into production in a couple of years, that will add about $30 million to $40 million on an ongoing basis. And that is not a program that is going to go away primarily because our special ops forces need those vehicles. The ones that they have right now are long in the tooth, and they need new vehicles for their special op program.
Robert Mehrabian: Some of them are nongovernment, and some of them are SMS. When you do SMS, as you well know, we have to have foreign military sales, but this would be to friendly nations.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's much more likely now that we have DALSA, a nice digital imaging business, and we have LeCroy. And then, of course, we have our marine businesses. I think it's more likely that we will stay within the areas that we are. It may be something that we buy that won't all go into any one of those segments. It may have to go into multiple segments. But it's less likely that we'll start a whole new vertical. I think I'm pretty comfortable with our portfolio as we have it. We don't want to wander too far from what we know because that makes it much more difficult for us to manage.
