Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions, operator if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the margins in Q3 were exceptionally high, Greg, primarily because of real up both DALSA and e2v. Some of - as you know in our Digital Imaging, we have two other components that are lower margin businesses, one of them is our Digital Imaging at Teledyne which is our infrared imaging, and the other one is our research laboratory, which we take no profit from. So, I think in the fourth quarter, these margins would moderate somewhat and we think the other thing that may go against this a little bit is flat panel display production, which we provide cameras for maybe moving out from Q4 into 2018.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think organic, great, of course, as looking into the future, it’s not that easy. I think organically, my expectations at the present time are still go about 3%, it could be a little higher, but 3% is where our thoughts are. And, I think total growth would be around 6%, it could be a little higher again as I said, but right now that’s where we’re setting our expectation.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I can try. I think instrumentation would be a little over 14%, Digital Imaging probably around 14.5%, aerospace and Defense Electronics about 18.5%. And, I think engineered systems about 12.8% to 12.9%. A total segment margin as you recall first quarter and throughout we’ve taken $9.4 million of charges because of e2v, so the first quarter was lower, we think we’ll end up over 15%, maybe 15.2%, I hope that helps.
Robert Mehrabian: I think it’s broader than that, we have cameras, of course, for flat panel display, but we introduced some cameras for - two dimensional displays, some custom sensors that we make, I would say we have a balance growth in that domain. We’re also starting to produce our - and called infrared sensors, which we have developed as I have indicated before we now can make way for level package. So, I think it’s broader than flat panel, but flat panel is very important, it drives about $50 million a year for our business in that - in there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Jim. I think the book-to-bill is a little over one it’s more like 1.04. I think in the instrumentation, it’s is a little below one and Digital Imaging is probably about 1.07, aerospace and Defense Electronics is 1.03, engineered system is high, but that’s because these programs are long-term programs. There, our book-to-bill is more like 1.2, but as I said those are longer-term program. So, overall it’s about 5% above 1%.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, there’s two parts to that, Jim. First the LeCroy business is healthy, partly because they’ve introducing a lot of new products, but secondly in the test measurement or electronics business, we do have a significant business in protocol test, protocol analyzers. And, that business is growing much faster than the oscilloscope business. Even though the oscilloscope business has really moved up, in the protocol business, which as I mentioned before test the interoperability between devices, we have mostly number one position in high definition, multimedia interface, Bluetooth, and other domains. So, the increase in Cloud storage has also helped our protocol businesses, so it’s a combination of both protocol and LeCroy, yes, oscilloscopes.
Robert Mehrabian: Of course first I’ll maybe start with marine if I may. As I mentioned in the earnings call, the marine businesses have stabilized, and what do I mean by that is that we essentially lost about 30% of our market between 2014 and 2016. This year we are operating about $425 million, $430 million. And, the other thing about that is that our marine businesses have flipped used to be 60/40, energy - off-shore energy exploration and production and then 40% which was science, defense, security, and hydrography, and transportation. Now it’s the flip side of that, the defense is much stronger and the oil and exploration and production is more like 40% of the portfolio. And, as a consequence that has stabilized, we had a modest growth, but also importantly, we’ve had improvements in margin, because we took a lot of cost out in that businesses, last year we took almost 25% of the people and then we did significant facility consolidation, we even now finishing up consolidating facility from the U.K. to Florida, so that’s the marine business. On the environmental businesses, the growth is coming across that segment or sub-segment, and it’s very, very strong in environment programs, that do pollution monitoring and air quality monitoring, for example we have very good position in China, and we also have really good products in laboratory and life science businesses, and we’re growing very well there. And then we did make a smaller acquisition, the high pressure pumps, very accurate high pressure pumps used in things like high pressure liquid chromatography and that helped also, but organically we had double digit growth, because of the health of our businesses across the various product lines.
Robert Mehrabian: I think Q4 discrete is going to maybe 4% to 5% and some of that as Sue mentioned earlier coming from stock option exercises, of course the higher our stock price, the more tax benefits we get when people exercise stock options. We do have because of that we have share creep up, so that works against us.
Robert Mehrabian: First let me start with the segments please. Obviously anything related to imaging, because our portfolio there is becoming stronger and stronger, and now we have probably the world’s best imaging businesses when you look at and broadest businesses when you look at range from infrared down to visible and ultraviolet. We have all the combination of the product, so we are going to look there very first and just the area we just spoke about which is the environmental area is another nice area for us to make our positions, if there was anything in protocols we would like to acquire, but as I said we already have out of the five areas we cover, we are number one position in four of them. In terms of size, it could be both, we are looking at smaller acquisition and we would be interested in doing something larger, with the cash flow that Sue indicated, if you look at our debt, it’s about - net debt is about $1.1 billion, our EBITDA is about $430 million $440 million. So, if we didn’t do any acquisitions, we could pay down that debt essentially into two and half years approximately. And, we have capacity - that capacity maybe $500 million currently, but then if we acquired anything of course that being some EBITDA with it. So, that would let us do something larger and so we are looking at both of those.
