Robert Mehrabian: We would like to now take your questions, operator if you are ready to proceed with questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Pete, in general the outlook is going to be similar to what we enjoying now. The only negative is there is one is the halt in the oil production in the Gulf of Mexico, but as you look forward into 2011 about 35% of subsea capital expenditures are what people refer to as trees, subsea trees that are put on well heads is going to be from Petrobras and they are very good customers of ours. We should be okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Good question. Probably not because the $25 million or so that really has to offset about I’d say $50 million or so in detriment. It’s not just missile defense, but NASA in a state of flux as you know. If we have some positive optic on the NASA especially since we have good engineering program that may work the way you described it, but right now as I look at it, it probably wouldn’t cover all of it.
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, I feel that we are well situated in the Defense Electronics domain. As you know we are not very platform dependent in that area and we have some very strong programs and favorable trends in UAV communication, in the EXACTO program that I mentioned, in our glider programs. Having said that, it would be prudent for a company like ours, over a period of time to decrease our dependence on defense. Right now we are about I would say somewhere between 46% and 47% defense dependence. A big junk of that is of course our Defense Electronics.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we will partner up with someone perhaps not the shipyard, but we also can build a significant part of that because we do have large manufacturing capabilities. As you know, a lot of our Marine Instrumentation businesses are really going to be very helpful because we not only have the senses, but we have the various programs to make that happen. The answer is, we will have a partner, but we can build it ourselves mostly too.
Robert Mehrabian: Our gimbal product at least the one that we are working with the Optical Alchemy is on the smaller scale. As you know, gimbal’s varying size from 6 to 7 inches up to 24 to 30 inches in size. The one that is Optical Alchemy has developed and is actually now in production on is the very small size gimbal. For small UAVs and its a very interesting system because its not only the small gimbal that initially stabilize, but it also is able to give geo-referenced positions, that is you not only provide information, but you also provide targets specific locations. We will make some inroads there, but I do not know if we would be replacing any of the large existing platforms. On the other hand we are also working very hard to get our own cameras and lenses, so that we will be able to offer a cool platform as well as some software there.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with NASA. There is uncertainty. Let me start. There is a whole lot of uncertainty about the exploration program specially the Constellation, where we have a strong position. Overall our NASA programs last year were close to $100 million. This year they are going to be closer to $80 million. It is down about $20 million from there. As you said, funding for Ares I have been reduced by 50% and that might even be further reduced. On the other hand there is a heavy lift vehicle and Orion Spacecraft, which we can participate in. We are also pretty positioned to capitalize on any changes in the Human Space Flight program because we have a very flexible task order, set of contracts we brought scope and because we didn’t told any large prime contracts for hardware development. The future is not as clear as it can be, but there are some compromises being considered between Congress and the White House. Once that’s done, we should do okay since we do have a lot of capabilities and we can participate in the heavy launch vehicle development, robotic precursor mission as well as spacecraft development, so all in all will be okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would think flattish except this there were some significant new developments will hold our own.
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, we used to be, but right now we are with Lockheed as a second tier sub in some of that work. We have a number of programs there as you know. We also have of course work with Boeing as well. We have two pieces there. One of them is, in the missile defense development and the other one is in the part of our work that is SETA work with the systems engineering and technical assistance. Both of those programs have declined. We don’t expect that those programs would improve significantly just to give you Chris ballpark number. Last year we had about $136 million in total, among all of these programs in revenue. This year we expect it to be closer to $100 million. If we can hold that, we would be fortunate. That’s why I said earlier that really we have to reduce our dependence on defense programs as going forward as a company because as you and I will know it is not possible to expect significant investments in this program considering the status of our deficit nationally.
Robert Mehrabian: In general you are absolutely correct. On the other hand the increases in GMD for example, the $300 million that took it to $1.3 million that’s primarily aimed at preserving supply chain capabilities and that one effects us positively because that will again be used for hardware procurement. You are right. The more they move towards, they seem to better that is for it so that’s why I said we might be able to hold our own in this program.
Robert Mehrabian: You may have asked me that question before. Well, let’s see, how should I answer that. Without being political I would say, no.
Robert Mehrabian: There are two parts. First, let me correct, we haven’t bought all the underwater vehicle businesses. There is one at least big one out there that we know of. Having said that, there are a number of different sets of underwater vehicles as you know, glider is one and I’ll come back to that in a second. These underwater systems called floats, which at about 3,000 of those across the world that essentially measures temperature conductivity or salinity density and relay that information to a satellite and various researchers use that. There are the gliders, there is a floats and then there is the underwater vehicles that are powered. Those come in to domains. One are tethered that is they have an umbilical cord and the second are free and those are powered by usually a lithium batteries. To answer your question, our underwater vehicle business is still relatively small it’s about $30 million. What is in terms of glider deployment the biggest program that we currently have is the one I mentioned earlier, which is the battleship, in front of the battleship they deploy gliders to be able to battleship, I should say, they deploy gliders to be able to detect and measures temperature and density so that they can accurately then resolve chronic signals. In that program is in early development and testing now and it has been very successful and that program in itself could have as many as a 100 gliders in this total. The navy is testing those. In the next week off the San Diego coast. That’s a $55 million program by itself. Let’s see. That’s about I can say and of course we are not only investing before in gliders because we want to have gliders and UAVs because we also have so many different sensors we want to have a truck to be able to add our sensors and test them collectively so others can also deploy them in their systems. I hope that answers the question.
Robert Mehrabian: Not that I know off. I have not seen that. I know we were awarded this program only last week and it maybe that they are stopping production of the existing system, but not future.
Robert Mehrabian: I do not know the name, Chris. I do know that this new program was competitively bid and there were two winners for the first stage. Hold on a second. That’s a sub. I’m being told that you mentioned is a sub.
Robert Mehrabian: In the defense side of the electronics there is going to be continuous pressure on reducing prices from the primes. On the other hand, we have scaled our company as a whole including that business, so that our breakeven points have gone down, costs have gone down. We haven’t been adding people like many other companies. Our cost structure is fairly stable. We should be okay there. There is anything that goes of course overseas now the dollar is trending in a direction that’s favorable to us.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we had actually bidding on a number of programs especially in the nuclear domain, which might be favorable. There is a program as I mentioned we have some very strong software capabilities in our Engineered Systems. One program that we are bidding on is the objective simulation framework program. It’s a software intensive program that could have a substantial affect on us if we were the winners.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we are and that’s why so exciting and of course we have talked about USEC. I will take on that.
Robert Mehrabian: You are right maybe a little less. I would say $30 million to $35 million a year. There was 1news out of USEC only last night, I just forgot to mention. It seems that is a positive development with the DOE. DOE’s evaluation of their loan guarantee proposal has two faces. There is a technical face and financial phase in the evaluation. Their news release said that they had been given instructions on a framework, which sounded like it was going for the financial. It warmer to look at it more positively one can assume that is technical parts of their program has been they made a lot of progress on what else I guess they wouldn’t go to the financial part. Their announcement that they have made significant progress with DOE vis-à-vis there are too busy in loan guarantee. It’s positive news for us too.
Robert Mehrabian: I’m not sure really about that. We have some small contracts with DOE, not DOD. These are R product e-contracts. We also have some other work with government agencies with our alternative fuel programs. I just don’t see it. They talk about these programs, but I just don’t see them
