Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Operator, we'd now like to take questions. If you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim. I would say on the FLIR specific, we're moving up to 0.93, 0.95 at the present time with improvements in the Defense segment. And Defense is going to be over 1 actually for FLIR business. We had an inflection in the Defense businesses there in the second quarter and we have some really good new awards that makes us feel good about that domain. Going to the rest of overall book-to-bill, Jim, I will exclude Engineered Systems because sometimes it would -- big, lumpy orders might increase book-to-bill to 1.4, 1.5 or dropping to 0.6 depending on the quarter. So, if I exclude that, I think we will be over 0.9 at this time. But that is not a big concern at the present because where we have some softness in certain markets, we are gaining traction in markets like energy, defense, healthcare, and that's why our margins are improving. And we're projecting better earnings as we go forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Jim, we're already seeing those benefits. First of all, most everything will be done in the March to April time frame. The reductions in force, a majority of them have happened and the rest will happen in the Q4 time frame. The facility closures, transfer of one facility to another, that will happen in early next year. But having said that, coming back to the margins of -- FLIR margins have really improved this quarter, both because of the cost reduction, also because of the mix of businesses that we have and Digital Imaging as a whole, which includes DALSA and e2v. At the end of last quarter, we were looking at perhaps a little margin decrement of 15 basis points. That has not turned around. We expect for the year to be -- margins to be up 20 basis points. So about 35 basis points, 40 basis points improvement over a quarter because of the focus on cost.
Robert Mehrabian: We have some background. I think, basically, we expect in the long term to have some orders in our defense businesses from that. We have -- we are a supplier, obviously, and we think that the conflict -- unfortunately, the conflict is what it is. But I think I'm not at liberty to disclose, but we have contributed to some of the defense mechanisms that are used by Israel. The other part is that the first thing that will happen is that there'd be a refreshment of the stockpiles in the defense businesses, both because of the conflict in Israel, but also as well as the conflict in Europe. And these are present themselves as obviously long-term opportunities, both the FLIR defense program, but also our Aerospace and Defense segment that has a lot of components and subsystems that go into various products.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think that's a good question, Joe. Two things. First, we have one subsegment, which is in the instruments businesses. You remember instruments consists of marine, environmental test and measurement. The marine already refers to George Bobb, the test and measurement and environmental reports to me. Those would begin reporting to George in January. Edwin has been running our biggest segment, which is our Digital Imaging segment. He will continue running that for a while. But as time goes on over the next 12 to 18 months, they will begin harmonizing, George learning more about the Digital Imaging businesses and Edwin learning more about the businesses that George is running at the present time. The resilience to all of this is that I'm not going anywhere. We'll continue to work together, the three of us, also, of course, with others like Jason and Steve Blackwood and Melanie, to make sure that all the assignments, changes happen slowly, orderly and don't offset any of our market leading products that we're focused on. So, I see this as a continuum but one in which both Edwin and George take more responsibility and I move to more to worrying about how to allocate capital with Jason, do more M&A and also improve our margins, which is something we have to do continuously.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good one. Actually, you're right. The margins have improved. Right now, we're projecting for the full year '23 to be at 22.7%. So, it's very close to the 23% that you mentioned. Moving further up, of course, that's what we're going to strive for. We have to take a little more cost out in DALSA, e2v as we've done in FLIR, and we're doing that right now. And the other part that I think would affect it is that some of the markets that are declined like semiconductor, automation sensors in our vision systems, those are going to come back and then finally, we have some new markets for our Digital Imaging, for example, inspection of lithium-ion batteries. You remember now, most of that manufacturing is beginning to switch back to North America. And we do have some really good systems for quality control. And you can guess lithium-ion battery, a flaw can be catastrophic. So, these new cameras, new markets will offset some of the declines we have now, but I also think that the semi market will come back. So if all of that takes place, as I've just outlined, obviously, our margins should improve.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think -- we feel very good about our T&M business. First, remember, as you said, part of it is oscilloscope, part of it is digitizers and very fast-growing part has been our protocol analyzers where we've just made the acquisition, Xena acquisition. The book-to-bill in that business is between 0.94, 0.95 at this time. By the way, in protocols, we don't really see declines. What we see is a little push out because new standards are continuously evolving in our protocols are at the forefront of those standards. So, people will be adapting those. But while those have softened a little bit, oscilloscope, because we are also offering new products, are doing fine. I know that market may not look as exciting now that it has known before, but it is for us. It's very exciting.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The FX that I mentioned is versus what we were looking at in July, and things have tightened and it's costing us about 1%. And it's mostly focused in our Digital Imaging and Instrumentation businesses. Having said that, overall, if you look at year-over-year, we do get a little tailwind. But it tightened significantly from our July meeting to today. We'll deal with it, like we deal with any market softening here and there. I mean, basically focus on getting products up where there's a good market, cut costs where we don't have the market, improve our margins, and if we can do what we just did, beat and raise.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think what we have been able to do is increase prices successfully in businesses that are doing well, like on our Aerospace and Defense businesses or certain parts of our environmental. And for example, marine where we have a really strong market at the present time, we've increased prices. That offsets prices that we have not been able to increase in the environmental area. So, it changes across our portfolio up and down. But generally, we are successful in raising prices across the board, we have been this year versus let's say last year. And we think that sustainability that's happening for our businesses will allow us to increase prices but more modestly going forward than we have aspirations for. But if things turn around, we'll do it.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, to cut to the chase, we still have over $3 billion of backlog, which is very healthy. There are some short-cycle businesses that there have obviously been short cycles, especially in the environmental area, as an example. 0.9, 0.93 does not bother me, only because we have also a slew of new products that are coming to market. For example, just take going back to FLIR Defense, we just introduced a new nano-drone called the Black Hornet 4, which can go twice as high as the one we have, which is Black Hornet 3, was only 10,000 feet. This can go up to 20,000 feet, last longer, be a lot more -- do a lot of other things. We also have new programs in counter-UAS. And the other thing that is exciting for us that we're just starting to get some traction on is understanding where we can bring our intelligence systems, if you want to call it, artificial intelligence, to bear. We have now about $250 million to $300 million of products that are benefiting from not just being sensors but being systems, cameras that provide intelligent information. So, it doesn't bother me, the slight decrement in backlog. It's primarily because certain parts of the market, like semiconductor is done. But all semiconductor inclusive across Teledyne is less than 10%. So, it doesn't bother me. I think the more important thing is, can we just keep bringing new products and make the acquisitions that we are now able to do because our leverage is down and do what we've always done, acquire, integrate and increase our earnings per share.
Robert Mehrabian: I'll answer the M&A question. Share repurchase is something that we haven't done. We've only purchased shares I'm going to say, 10, 12 years ago about $400 million, when you look at our market cap versus that very small fraction. I think our M&A opportunities are there. We're looking at smaller acquisitions at the present time with one or two what I'll call, midsize, several hundred million dollar acquisitions in the potential pipeline. The one thing we have to be careful about is there's some really outrageous prices that people are paying for some of the acquisitions we've looked at. multiples of sales going 15 times. And that's just not us. Well, we are looking at smaller acquisitions, both here and in Europe and they'll come along just like we've done before, what we call the string of pearls, and we will make those acquisitions. If we don't make any acquisitions on the flip side, by the end of next year, our leverage ratio would be 1, which was actually less than that before the FLIR acquisition. And cash also will help our earnings, but our primary focus is going to be acquisitions.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me answer the last question first. We're right in the middle of our planning cycle for our operating plan and made presentations to our Board yesterday, and the answer is yes. Let me now go back to the organic question that you asked for this year. Fundamentally, we're going to have -- organically, we're going to be relatively flat in our overall Digital Imaging business, maybe a little -- a percent down, but that's partly because we're also cleaning up some stuff that are not profitable. On the other hand, we will have organic growth of almost 6% in our Instrumentation businesses, which, as I said, is environmental, test and measurement, and marine. We're going to have similarly, over 6% in our Aerospace and Defense organic growth, and about 8% in our Engineered Systems. So, those are very healthy growths for this environment that we're all experiencing.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The new protocol is the PCI Express Gen 7. The life cycle of that is usually a couple of years. I think we'll see some benefit from that next year, probably later next year. But the flip side is the protocol business that we just bought, Xena is fulfilling a gap that we had in our protocol businesses, which was the high-speed network protocols, and they fill that gap very well. So we love our protocol businesses and hope that we can buy more of them as time goes on.
Robert Mehrabian: I hope so, too. I have my new leaders shaking their head, across the table from me, but I hope I will. Yes. Thank you, Kristine.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, first, let me answer the first question. The way we operate in the current Teledyne is a lot of the M&A ideas come from our businesses. Now, we are proactive. At any one time, we have a large funnel of businesses that we're looking at. But that will not change because it comes from Digital Imaging, it comes from Instrumentation and marine and A&D. And these are areas that the two leaders that are taking over are responsible for. So I don't think in the short term, things will change. Also in the short term, at least, I'm still going to be here. And of course, Jason helps make a lot of the capital allocation decisions. But having said that, we will probably focus more on commercial businesses as we go forward. And we will get some defense businesses, but we don't want our defense businesses to grow beyond where they are today. We have a healthy balance of 25% defense, 75% commercial. Almost half or 47% of our commercial businesses are overseas. We're also expanding some defense business in the NATO countries and the Middle East. But having said that, I think my colleagues and I agree that we do not want to change our portfolio from what it is today to something that is not sustainable. If you're singularly focused on one market, when that market suffers, then it takes the whole company down. Our balanced portfolio is our resilience and our ability to tolerate changes. And as you can see, while we have some weakness in certain areas, we have strength in other areas. We have growth in instruments, in A&D, Engineered Systems. And so I don't think that will change. Now I'm talking about three years. If you go beyond that, then I can't predict, because the world is changing so much right now. I mean, it's such a difficult environment in some cases. It will depend on what happens and our strategies will evolve.
Robert Mehrabian: I mentioned the margin for the year of 22.7% in DI, which is 35 basis higher than it was what I quoted in Q2 -- at the end of Q2. What has happened is that the cost out is important because it's not just people, it's the consolidation of our facilities as well. We have not done that. We were all focused on, at first, fixing our export control issues, fixing our tax liabilities. We're still working on tax liabilities somewhat. But what's happening is that the defense business at Digital Imaging, specifically FLIR, are getting better. And machine vision, while it's getting worse at the present time, it sooner or later is going to have to come back. And so, I was a little cautious about for next year when I was asked about the margins, and I stayed with the 22.7%, maybe 22%. But over the long term, there's no reason that these margins in these businesses could not be like margins in our Aerospace and Defense, which we're predicting this year to be 27.6% or our instruments with our 26.1%. There's no reason that margins cannot improve and get there.
Robert Mehrabian: We have several large programs that came through in the third quarter. And large -- for us things are below -- above $10 million, $20 million, for example. We got some counter unmanned vehicle systems that we partnered with Kongsberg. That was a nice win in Q3. We've also penetrated some of our nano-drones are now moving into India. We had a nice award from there. Also, our surveillance program, we had to straighten out some of the issues with our gimbals and vibration and products that we inherited. We straightened those out, and we have now a Navy award that's about $35 million. So surveillance grew in Q3. And I think with the many drones and our newer products, we think we’ll do fine. Our unmanned programs we expect to grow in Q4. Overall, what we've been able to do is really take the non-profitable stuff-up, consolidate facilities that shouldn't have been separate to begin with, focus on the things that we can deliver, unmanned systems using our own sensors. Other people have unmanned systems to various conflicts that use our sensors. So we're happy to send them our sensors, but we also can incorporate them in our system. So, we kind of think that the defense business there in DI has had an inflection point and is really turning positive now.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, overall, we're going to see an increase in revenue in DALSA, e2v part of DI, as much as 6% with some of it coming from acquisitions. In the other part of DI, which would be FLIR, we expect that we may have slight decline, let's say, to 1.839 -- 1.834 let’s say from 1.84 what was then 1.86 last year, which is very minor. And some of that comes from Raymarine, where we -- consumer products that are more discretionary at this time. But overall, I don't see a huge decline in Digital Imaging because DALSA, e2v has grown. And we are weathering the downturn in some of our other commercial products very well. And then we, of course, have some really good upside in things like healthcare, where markets, even in, let's say, in Q3, we had almost 12% increase in revenue in that area. So, it's balanced.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. There's different parts of it. There's a machine vision at DALSA, e2v and there's some machine vision in FLIR. I haven't added those two together. If I were to add those two together, I'd say, the full year might be down 2%. But again, could be a little higher, but it doesn't bother me that much, Noah, only because, as I mentioned before, we have new products like in battery inspection, and we're more emphasizing our ability to put some information and intelligence in our devices, cameras, a move up market. So, this market is going to turn. It's not going to stay where it is. Semiconductor is not going to stay down forever. And I think we're well positioned for growth once those turn a little bit.
