Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Right. It is uncharacteristic, Greg, you're right, and I admit it. There are three things that have happened. Two, we were dealing with fairly successfully, and that would be overall inflation and basically parts shortages. We seem to be rolling $60 million every quarter over and over. So in total, they continue at that level. The one that just hit us very hard was foreign currency. Foreign currency translation basically affects 20% of our business. And the reason it hit digital imaging the hardest, that's where we have most of our foreign currency transactions. You're right and they did well. Instruments did okay. Engineered Systems was down slightly, but Engineered Systems now is only 8% of our portfolio. It's foreign currency that hit us about 1.7% in Q2 or about $23 million, $25 million in revenue. And we expect it to continue in Q3 and Q4. I think that's the fundamental change that we saw. And it was mostly, of course, in digital imaging. And we have not changed our guidance this is the fourth times in 22 years. And it's something we do not do, except the three continuing headwinds that we see. We could handle two, but the third one just is too much at this time. Hopefully, we'll execute better as we move along in the rest of the year.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the quick answer is no. Our demand has been very strong. Maybe as a function of time, we may have some demand decline, especially in our discretionary businesses, which are really primarily Raymarine. So there, I think demand was softer. But across the board, the demand has been pretty good.
Robert Mehrabian: I think we have supply chain challenges there as we have across our businesses. I think what we're looking at is improving our revenue there in the fourth quarter - in the third and fourth quarter better than we have in the first two quarters and mostly in the fourth quarter. So we have the same problems across the board. At FLIR, the unusual situation that we've had to slowly - and we're correcting Edwin Roks, who runs our digital imaging businesses is working very hard on it, is to linearize the sales over the quarters. And that's been hard because FLIR has historically always sold more in the last month and the last week of the quarter than early on, and that causes issues, especially if you have some supply chain issues that can cause you to miss last minute revenue. So we're taking all of that into consideration in what we've put out in our earnings release.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Our price increases for the year, we anticipate it to be about 3% of sales. It's a little more in the Q3 and Q4 than it was in Q2. In Q2, it was less than 3%, which has not been really - we're just put in some increases in prices, especially in some of our instrument businesses where we could, and that would be in Q3. So overall, I'd say, Joe, it's about 3%. The flip side is that the cost increases due to inflation and also wages that we have exceeded that, I'm going to say, by 0.5%, 0.6%, and that's causing some issues. But we kind of knew that would happen and we kind of worked on that very hard. The thing that kind of suddenly came out of at us was the change in the exchange rate starting in April, and that was the hard part.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start with versus April, which would be a good way to go. As I said before, in instruments for the full year, we expect margins to improve about 50 to 55 basis points. In Digital Imaging now, we expect it to be lower by 130 basis points from what - for the full year. In Aerospace and Defense, we have a good run there, primarily because you know commercial aerospace is coming back, and so we expect improvements in margin of 150 basis points. And lastly, as I said, in a smaller segment, which is our Engineered segment, maybe 60 basis points decline. When you add all of that up, it's about 45 basis points decline across the company. That's - I think that's versus April, that's what the summary is.
Robert Mehrabian: I think you're correct on Aerospace and Defense. It already has full year margins of 25.5%, which is pretty high. It could go up a little bit. I think there are opportunities going to be in Digital Imaging and also in Engineered Systems. The margins in instruments are already pretty healthy approaching 25%.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Good question. Very good question. First, let me back up a second. When we started Q2, we had supply chain challenges. We have a very strong program in procurement. And we were able to offset about $120 plus millions of supply chain challenges by buying through brokers, by buying our own buyers in Asia by a variety of techniques. And so we offset the $120 million plus of revenue that was in danger. That left us with $60 million that we couldn't. But that $60 million is rolling in a way quarter-to-quarter, it's not additive. And what happens is that we think that right now, that's going to continue for the next two quarters and that's where our estimates are coming from. But having said that, because we have elevated our inventory over time that this is going to dissipate. There's no question about that. Whether the over time is going to be early next year or later next year, but over time, this is going to - it's not lost revenue and it's not lost inventory. It's just lost revenue for the time being. So it's going to improve.
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, yes, it's improved only because we're able to find more parts. We have, for example, if you look at year-to-date, we have about - we're missing about 900, what we call, important critical parts. They range from computer chips that go into our vision systems to FPGAs et cetera. And out of the 900, we've actually located 800 through the various processes. Sometimes, we redesigned the product, if we can, if it's very easy to redesign. Sometimes we buy a part and we have to obviously qualify it. So - and sometimes, we just buy parts through brokers. What I didn't estimate within the estimate was that the broker purchases would be as expensive as they are. We're paying sometimes as much as 70% premium for the same part when we buy through a broker because they're going out and finding the part. But it's - that's not unusual. If you create a vacuum eventually, air comes in, right? So you got these brokers that are doing pretty good work and making a lot of money. When that happens, supply chain is going to change eventually, and it is. The only places that I would say we may be underestimated is that some of the very high-end and complex components where the orders that our suppliers are quoting are 12 to 24 months out. And they're also asking to - for us to put in noncancelable orders. So you have to be very helpful in the latter, of course. So I don't think we underestimated it. It's just that things didn't get better at all. And we're not counting on it getting better in the rest of the year. I think 2022 is going to be different. If some of this stuff continues the way it is, we'll redesign more products. I mean, just the way it is, we'll redesign and eventually come out of it. I don't think it's going to go way beyond 2023.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Here's the problem, while Defense budgets are up, the outlays are not. It's kind of like a constricting a dam that's constricting the flow. The flip side of it is that if you look at the second quarter and you look at FLIR particularly, the defense side of FLIR actually increased 8%. It's the commercial side of FLIR that was flat or just slightly down primarily due to Raymarine, the maritime that I mentioned, which are discretionary. But the defense side increased year-over-year. Actually, if you looked at FLIR Q2 of last year, full Q2 of last year versus Q2 of this year. That is look at how much they sold before we acquired them, how much they sold after we acquired them, versus how much they sold this quarter. Overall, FLIR's revenue was up 2.8% primarily because of their defense business being up 8%. So with this recent awards, we feel very good about that. And we have very strong leadership in our defense businesses under JihFen, who used to be with us, went to Department of Defense ended up at the very end of her career there to be acting Deputy Secretary of Research and Engineering. So we feel good about that. And we are expecting things to improve there.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the canary in the mine, if you want to say put it that way, is going to be some of our commercial Digital Imaging products. We saw some declines in certain areas. There are different reasons for it, for example, in our health care, Digital Imaging because the COVID things went soft. But now it's growing very fast and doing really well and taking market share. But I would say some of our commercial Digital Imaging would be a good signal for us from a market perspective. But we have - because we - overall, because we have relatively small, very limited exposure to consumer demand, we don't see that affecting us. We're not - 50% of our portfolio is Defense, Aerospace, Medical, Energy. Those markets are going to be fine.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, yes. So, as you know, Andrew, we've had a succession of awards recently in the Defense that have been - and we put news releases out on most of them. And most of them by in the FLIR area. We think some of our European awards are a little delayed. As you know, to get, for example, if you were to get things to Ukraine, you have to go through one of the other NATO countries. And some of those are taking time. The flip side is that some of the larger awards that we've had, for example, US Army's family of weapons site for individuals, which are mounted devices that go in rifles, that's a $500 million reward. But we're in the early phase, so we expect that the increased revenue for that will come in future periods rather than immediately. We've had a major award from the Danish Ministry of Defense for mobile sensor systems. And we also had, as we announced, we had a really nice award for our very small AUVs, which are Black Hornet from the Norwegian government. And those awards, while they've been made, the shipments are starting to come now. And we expect those awards will lead to more revenue in the future as we move forward from small prototype production or small-scale production to full rate production. So we feel very good about that. But the worst that we've had and some that we're going to get especially in Europe.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think the programs we're participating in they're really just greater budgets in the US and NATO countries. And I don't think that's going to go away in any foreseeable future. As you can judge, the invasion of Ukraine has been a lesson to everybody that you cannot be in a situation where you are liable. And I think those budgets are here to stay. And the NATO alliance is getting tighter and their budgets are going up, US budgets going up in all domains. There are programs in the US that we participate in related to high-performance infrared sensors in space to track missiles. There's - I think that's here to stay.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say in all areas, I would probably exclude strictly government services businesses, type businesses. We've seen things across our segments. So it's not necessarily pure one segment or another. Our emphasis has been Digital Imaging will continue, and we like instruments. But there are certain areas of aerospace and defense like in our connector businesses where our margins are superior to everything else. So we would not exclude that. We won't buy something. We will not participate in something in the government services business, for example.
Robert Mehrabian: Great question, Kristine. Let me first go to the first part of the question. I think some of the expectations out there have moderated, and will continue to moderate, especially with the stock market down, S&P is down almost 15%, 16% this year. So expectations are moderating somewhat. Let me go to the second part, which has to do, if we don't do anything, our ratio which is now 2.5 times will continue going down. By year-end, it'll be 2.3 times. If you don't do anything by the end, the next year you'll be 1.7 times and so on and so forth. So we do have, by the way, the liquidity to buy things. Right now, if we look at our liquidity, we can buy things from our line of credit going over $1 billion. Having said that, we've always been very careful not to overstretch ourselves and not to overpay for things. So I think things are getting better. We'll look at some bolt-ons. But if you look at further forward 12 months or so, what happened last time when the markets and the economy declined, same thing is happening now. We come out of this stronger. Some people don't. And that's when we are able to buy them because their market prices have declined. So it's a continuing process. We - right now, if we look at our debt profile, we have almost no exposure to increased interest rates at this time, because 93% of our debt is fixed, the other 7% that's floating. We have cash against that, which is also floating. So we have 100% fixed debt at this time. So - and we have a good line of credit.
