Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Brad if you are ready to proceed with the question and answers please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg and thank you. I think this was an exceptional quarter for Digital Imaging. We had obviously exceptional growth and margin improvement. We also had some tailwinds from FX and that helped us a little bit. I think going forward the margin would probably moderate closer to 14% for the year. At least that’s our current thinking.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there are really three primary areas. The first is machine vision for flat panel displays. Almost, if you look at the flat panel display market, including the iPhones that people use all of those screens and television all of those are inspected by using machine vision. We are really very, very strong in that market and some of the new panels the OLED panels that those are new, those help us a lot. Second, we have a foundry business for micro electro-mechanical devices or MEMS and that business is doing exceptionally well. It's grown about $10 million to $15 million I think this year and primarily – and very difficult to make products. It was just trying to add the third independent foundry, MEMS foundry in terms of volume across the world. So those two are strong contributors and then lastly Greg as in our X-ray products we have CMOS X-ray detectives which are very sensitive and you induce a lot less radiation to get a really high quality image, that business is also done by us. So, the combination of those three things machine vision, MEMS foundry and X-ray detectors were the primary contributors.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Thank you Jim. First I think in the environmental and test and measurement area, we are about one, maybe a little over but I would say about one, in the marine area we still just a little bit in the second quarter below one, even though for the first half we are about one, altogether. And primarily as then are the offshore energy's very small fraction of our overall business 6%. The recovery there is slow and it's kind of tough, but I think our overall instrumentation business I would say would be slightly below one in Q2 but above one throughout the first half of the year.  Digital Imaging had a great first quarter in terms of book-to-bill. In Q2 it came down to about 1.05 which is still very healthy. In our Aerospace and Defense Electronics I think the first half of the year is a little over one. Engineered Systems, we get big programs and its very lumpy, the first quarter was less than one actually it was less than 0.8% but the second quarter it jumped to 1.27%. So over all when I look across all of the Company with 1.03% in the Q2 we were at 1.16% in Q1. I hope that helps you.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, I think you've hit it on the head. I think we’re enjoying some of the benefits of that, both in our MEMS foundries as well as in our machine vision. I think those things are cyclical and right now we have really good markets there. Some of the products we make [indiscernible] and sound systems in your iPhones. Those are I mean very stable and increasing, on the other hand where we really benefit in our markets is some of the very highly special products that we make for example, we make MEMS products for DNA testing. That is just being now growing very, very rapidly and we also have some new products in machine vision that for example looking at batteries inside your phone. There have been some issues there. So I think you're right that overall of the consumer electronics growth has helped us. How long that lasts, I don't know, but we'll take what we can get.
Robert Mehrabian: Interesting that you said that. We just had a board meeting, where we had everything displayed on our Digital Imaging segment and discussed all the potentialities and one of the first questions that came towards Jason and me was okay and now what are you going to build next. We’re looking at our pipeline and there's a small acquisitions, we do have a number of Imaging, now we just bought SSI which is a really nice company for us. We're looking at that – but the big larger acquisitions Jim have become very, very pricey. So we have to have patience, we looked at e2v for over ten years. We looked at DALSA for ten years. We looked at LeCroy for almost ten years. I'm not saying it’s going to take us ten years to buy something else that’s large but we’ll – as soon as we see something that makes sense we’ll buy it. And as we pay down our debt and our debt-to-EBITDA as Sue mentioned has dropped from 3 to 2.8. And if we keep going I hope we’ll drop much lower by the end of the year. Then we will have ability to make acquisitions, larger acquisitions.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the – we were surprised first and foremost with strength in our short cycle Digital Imaging. Ever since we got kind of burned with the energy especially offshore energy markets. We also to George took our costs down significantly all across marine but also we didn't let our costs increase and the rest of the Company, our employee labor has remained relatively flat except for the employees that we acquired from e2v. So it's cost structure was low and as we got the strength - it thinks kind of apart – we also had some as I said we had some lumpiness in our business, there was a big program at e2v that got signed and funded and that gave us I think $3 million or $4 million of revenue, that was a surprise. We had some machining products in our Engineered Systems segment that we were able to pull into to Q3, so it wasn't any one thing but if I were to put my finger on a single big mover, it was the market for Digital Imaging both at DALSA and at e2v.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I'll give them to you right now. In Instrumentation, overall instrumentation it was 3.9%. In Digital Imaging it was 17.6%. In Aerospace and Defense Electronics just a little north of zero. It was less than 1%. And in Engineered Systems it was 22.3% and with the total being over 7% closer to 7.4%.
Robert Mehrabian: Brad, if there are no other questions online then I want to thank you very much. And I’d like to ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
