Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. We would now like to take your questions. Rachel, if you’re ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead. 
Robert Mehrabian: Generally, I think, our growth is going -- it has been in the Q2, about 7% in the commercial market, a 7% decline in our government businesses for a net plus growth of about 3%. I think going forward, with the acquisition of LeCroy, we expect that the growth in the commercial markets will increase, while the government programs would probably hold where they are. 
Robert Mehrabian: In 2012, I think with the expenses that we detailed in mine, as well as Dale’s, we expect the acquisitions to be essentially neutral and we are not really guiding for 2013 yet, but obviously, since some of these non-recurring charges will be behind us, there should be accretion from those acquisitions. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We’re very excited about that, Tyler. It’s a multi-user system that's designed for Earth Sensing and Earth Imaging. It will have ability to host for -- up to 4 instruments and obviously we would have one, maybe more instruments ourselves. And we would have partners hopefully, other commercial partners to share the rest of the platform with us. The system will not probably be operational until 2.5 years hence. And it’s very difficult for me to say what the revenue from that system would be at this time. But I can tell you that it uses a lot of the capabilities across all of Teledyne’s digital systems, as well as obviously Brown Engineering’s long and illustrious programs in servicing space, including the International Space Station. I think as we get closer to it, we will have better outlook numbers. But right now, I can’t tell you how much that’s going to bring in revenues. But it’s going to be a very important thing for us, especially as we partner with other companies. 
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. I can try and do that, Mark. I’ve got to get a little help here from my colleagues. Marine is about 2/3. The rest is environmental, is about -- well environmental includes our process. So I would say if you count it that way, marine is about 2/3 and the other is about 40% -- 60% and 40%, the breakdown between marine and environmental. If you go to aerospace and defense, basically the commercial businesses are about 64% and the government businesses are about 36%. And the avionics and so when you look at the total aerospace and defense, it’s about 32% of the total -- 32.6% of the total. Instrumentation is 31% of the total. And just to summarize it, digital imaging is about 21.5% and engineer systems is about 15% of the total. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think you’ve hit that very accurately. While we have instrumentation, as you know in process and environmental, process analyzer for example, we don’t really have a platform in test and measurement. And our plan is -- and of course, LeCroy’s management has been looking at opportunities within that domain. And our plan is, with their help and processes that they’ll develop, to make acquisitions in test and measurement and expand that platform. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think the amortization probably is going to be about $10 million a year. As you know, Mark, we’ve got to go through a process with our accountants to kind of do that accurately because we have to get their concurrence. And but roughly when everything is said and done, we will have about $0.52 of amortization expense next year in total, including LeCroy. 
Robert Mehrabian: About $27 million came from recent acquisitions but we also had some increase in our backlog, especially in our defense programs. The big program that I mentioned with the foreign customer was one. Another one was from our classified space programs, which are doing really well in that domain and our revenues in that domain have increased from essentially $1 million or $2 million to what we expect would be in the future up to $20 million a year. So the backlog came from both acquisitions as well as internal programs. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think on that, Mike, north of 19% would be more accurate. This quarter, we took some margin contraction in instrumentation in 3 areas. First, about $800,000 of acquisition expenses, $1.5 million that we spent on our ocean bottom reservoir monitoring, which was a very important program for us. And the big changes in Q3, Q4 will probably, excluding LeCroy, should increase the margins to about 19-plus percent. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Mike. It's -- obviously, we have a lot of pressure in Europe, just like everybody else. We also have some pressure in the United States. The uncertainty with both the government programs and defense programs sequestration as well as the tax increases, the upcoming tax increases have kind of put a lot of people on a holding pattern. We are getting reduced revenue from municipalities for some of our water pollution products for measuring water pollution and other things. But on the other hand, this is balanced -- this is balanced with an increase in Asia-Pacific for some of our visioning -- digital visioning cameras, some new plants that are being built for flat panel displays in China. Also, we have really good growth in our underwater connectors and sonar programs. As example, if you look at underwater investments -- capital investments in deepwater hardware, the expectation is that growth in the next 5 years would be very strong. In the last -- past 5 years, underwater expenditures in total have been about $77 billion for equipment. In the next 5 years, they’re going to be $135 billion and most of that -- the majority of that or 57% is going to be deepwater, which is where we play. We’re also seeing increased emphasis on remotely operated vehicles as well as complete autonomous vehicles and gliders, which is our bread and butter in that domain. So all in all, expect Europe down maybe 5%, expect Asia-Pacific to hold. On the other hand, in oil and gas, we might expect upwards of 15%, 10% growth in our portfolio. That’s the beauty of having a portfolio like the one we have, which balances out between government and commercial, and balances out between domestic commercial and international commercial. Right now, our international commercial businesses are ahead of our domestic commercial businesses by 5 percentage of our revenue. So I hope that helps. 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, you know, Steve, we bought 11 marine businesses. We just obviously bought the BlueView, which is the sonar company. We would like to pick up some more businesses in that domain. We obviously have Optech, the majority interest in Optech right now, which is the LIDAR company that can take 3-dimensional surveys of not only the waterfront but the shallow ocean coupled with BlueView for the deeper water, we can see the whole shoreline. We have to get to the majority of Optech. So that’s part of our acquisition plan, but in general I think we will look more -- for more acquisitions in the marine domain. And I don’t want to repeat the LeCroy issue because we talked about it, but we have a test and measurement platform hopefully. We’re not finding a lot of environmental acquisitions right now. We would like to make some acquisitions for digital imaging, especially for our DALSA product line. We’re interested in expanding in our camera market. We’re interested in expanding in our CMOS capability. So there’s a lot out there that we’re looking at. 
Robert Mehrabian: It was -- let me just elaborate. It was $200,000 in the first quarter, $1.3 million in the second quarter, $5 million in the third quarter and $1.8 million in the fourth quarter, to a total of $8.3 million. Please recognize that some of these are estimates right now because we haven’t -- we don’t have a detailed look at what we have to write up in inventories at LeCroy. And we don’t have all the other expenses yet figured out but that’s a reasonably good estimate. 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. First, Jeremy, please let me note that everything we do is GAAP. If I wanted to do a non-GAAP forward-looking guidance, we would certainly meet the Street and probably exceed the Street’s expectations on a non-GAAP basis. But we don’t do adjusted GAAP reporting. Others do, we don’t. So third quarter guidance is lower because we have about $0.10 of non-recurring charges. There’s nothing else that you can read into that. If we didn’t have the charges going forward, we would have increased our guidance for the full year probably by about $0.10 to $0.12. If you did it on adjusted GAAP a la whoever. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Probably closer to 1.9 to 2, but we expect to finish the year because we generate a healthy level of cash. We expect to generate the year lower than that, probably closer to 1.7. And then next year, depending on how much pension contribution we decide to make, we could go up a little bit and then come down again. But I can tell you it’s going to stay below 2 and then it’s going to go down presuming we don’t make acquisitions. And our covenants are at 3.25. So we are very comfortable with where we are. We generate a lot of cash and we have to deploy the cash to benefit our shareholders. 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, one of our major customers that does oil exploration just came out with -- raised their guidance. So they’re pretty bullish on what’s happening. In the second half, we expect our sales to increase because our backlogs are up. Oil is today at about $89 to $90, $89. All the projections seem to indicate that because you do longer term capital commitments, at least in the deepwater arena, they’re going to have significant growth, 14% growth a year in capital expenditures. So we don’t see any weakness. I think FMC, who is one of our partners had a very strong growth in orders yesterday. So we’re comfortable where things are. They have to go down substantially before it affects our businesses. 
