Dale Schnittjer: Thank you Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our 2012 outlook. On cash flow, in the first quarter, cash provided from operating activities from continuing operations was a cash usage of $19.7 million, compared with positive cash flow of $6.6 million for the same period of 2011.  Free cash flow was a cash usage of $30.3 million in the first quarter of 2012.  Adjusted for pension contributions, net of taxes, free cash flow was $2.2 million. Capital expenditures were $10.6 million in the first quarter, compared to $6.5 million for the same period of 2011. Depreciation and amortization expense was $16.8 million in the quarter compared to $13.9 million last year.  We expect to invest approximately $65 million in capital in 2012.  Also, for the full year of 2012, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $75 million with amortization expense at approximately $28 million of the $75 million. We ended the quarter with $316.5 million of net debt.  That is $401.4 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $84.9 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 23.2%.  Cash was temporarily elevated at the end of the first quarter since we borrowed on the last day of the quarter to fund the purchase of the majority interest in Optech which closed early on the first day of the second quarter. Next on pension, net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government cost accounting standards was $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with $0.2 million of net pension income in the first quarter of 2011.  There was a small positive variance in net pension income in the first quarter of 2012.  However, on a full year basis, the pension impact for 2012 versus 2011 is expected to be flat, primarily due to planned amendments and the impact of voluntary cash contributions offset by a reduction in a discount rate for 2012. On stock options. Stock option compensation expense was $1.5 million in the first quarter 2012, compared with $1.4 million in the first quarter of 2011.  Stock option expense for 2012 will be higher in the balance of the year compared to the first quarter, and will also be greater than prior years.  This is due to, first, no employee stock options were granted in the first quarter of 2012.  This year’s stock options will be granted in April given the timing of the proxy proposal, and this will increase expense relative to the first quarter.  Second, our stock options vest over 3 years and because no employee stock options were granted in 2009, expense was relatively low during the 2009 through 2011.  Finally, stock option expense will likely be higher due to an expected increase in fair value per share of stock options. Moving to the 2012 outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2012 will be in the range of $0.97 to $0.99.  We expect full year 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of approximately $3.98 to $4.04.  Stock option expense is expected to be $8.7 million in 2012 compared to $5.8 million in 2011. Finally, the 2012 full year effective tax rate, excluding any tax credits or other adjustments is expected to be 32.5% compared to 34% for 2011. I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Dale Schnittjer: Well, we are -- if we include the prepayments in our plan currently we are a 100% funded and that would put us at about a 105%. 
Dale Schnittjer: Well, that funding assumes an 8.25% rate of return.  We do not know what the return will be exactly and the liability continues to grow as you take an additional year of discounting off of the PDO liability, so that is not a lot of leeway sitting on top of the pension liability that we have. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. Before we take your questions, I would like to note that our 3 segment executives, Brian Doody, Rex Geveden, and Aldo Pichelli, are with us here today and I may pass along some of the questions for them to answer. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers please go ahead. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think we got about 2.5 cents from tax and maybe a penny or maybe less than a penny.  We did pick up some earnings from our acquisition of VariSystems, which is probably the driver there. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes we do.  Well I think our expectation is in the 5% maybe a little more for the year.  The thing that we think will happen with us is that we will increase our commercial businesses and maybe shrink our government businesses like we did in the first quarter.  And that's part of it that, as you know Michael, is planned; we really have gotten out of the seato-type work pretty much. 
Robert Mehrabian: We saw some softness in the semi cap equipment earlier but we're seeing some pickup there.  In Europe, I think, just like everybody else, everything is stagnant.  It's -- I would say Europe is neutral for us.  On the other hand, Asia-Pacific, we're seeing some positive signs.  Middle East, interestingly, Middle East dry shale is a significant buildup of petrochemicals and other activities that's helping us.  The only exception in Europe, I would say for us, is Norway, because of our oil and gas presence. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Chris, just on a bigger scale, internally sponsored R&D in 2011 was about $102 million.  Our anticipation is that that would be about $212 million this year; I'm sorry $112 million this year. 
Robert Mehrabian: I must say there has been more activity for us in that domain.  Obviously we're interested in things, products that are go into the ocean and oil and gas that's where VariSystems came in, op tech interesting some of the lighter images come right on the shore line.  So you can see some of the pictures of the shoreline and of course we are looking to buy things that we take images under the water, more precise images than the scans we have now.  I think overall, there is some opportunity, perhaps some larger opportunities as we get along. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think from my perspective that is a net positive especially with our acquisition of VariSystems.  Obviously, there is some regulations coming down there but those won't be effective until 2015; that should not affect this much.  And thus, as you remember, those relate to the first when you start the frac-ing process you get some gases that come up that may have to be either burned or captured, right now they're being burned.  But, I think that what will affect frac-ing is probably the price of gas and people are shifting their emphasis to oil sands, which again is good for us.  So we think generally that is positive of us. 
Robert Mehrabian: The FMC Petrobras agreement is for increased subsea trees, Rob, and our agreement with FMC -- we have always had a very good relationship with FMC.  But in Brazil especially, I think we are kind of sole source to them in a lot of the stuff that we can make.  What the frame agreement that is it kind of solidifies our position for them over multiple years. And the other thing in general that is happening in the deep sea market exploration market is, if you look at they measure the number of subsea trees, these are the large trees that sit on top of the oil well.  Those are expected to almost double between 2011 and 2015.  Now, of course that is great for us, it's all the way because we make -- we own half the electrical market there connector market and perhaps as much as 90% plus of the optical connector market.  And then we also make pressure and temperature sensors and other sensors.  And our underwater vehicles and other people's under water vehicles use the lot of our Doppler Velocity measurement devices.  So, all in all that whole area is really positive for us. 
Robert Mehrabian: I am going to let Rex speak up on this.  Rex Geveden who runs both our engineered systems and our scientific and imaging here.  But, let me just note on the underwater vehicles, there are separate contract in the marine business but there are 2 big contracts that the engineered systems does.  One of them is gliders which are self-powered vehicles, underwater vehicle.  And the next one is the shallow water vehicle for delivering the special ops folks.  So, I will let Rex transfer the more detailed question. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, most of these are, Mark, new trees that are being put.  They're just drilling new holes.  Deep ocean is the only really growing domain left for new oil production.  So, when we say trees are going to be added those would be for new production and primarily in the deep water domain.  And we not only make the connectors, but we make a whole set of sensors that are either located down there or on vehicles that are used for assembling stuff on the ocean floor. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think it’s not the location by itself, Mark, but I think you have an important point.  The deeper you go, as you start getting down to 7,000 ft or more, the material challenges become really serious because you cannot really replace material.  You don’t want to replace them.  You have a minimum 25 year life requirement. The one advantage that we have over competitors is that in our scientific research domain here we have a very strong history of material used in challenging environments in space.  And we are taking a lot of that know-how and now bringing it to deep ocean floor structures.  And our customers find that very attractive because here they're putting stuff in deep water that are very challenging environment, both in terms of pressure and temperature and they want to have predicted maps of how long this stuff will last, and we're able to produce that.  And we are the only company that does that right now.  So, we are at an advantage with our customers in doing things like that. 
Robert Mehrabian: I'll let Al Pichelli take that.  He runs both our instrument segment and our electronics, commercial and defense electronics segment. 
Robert Mehrabian: I depict a bigger picture there is that segment, the electronic segment was essentially flat year-over-year.  On the other hand our electronic manufacturing services, EMS part of that business was down almost 30%.  So, we picked that up in other areas of the business as I mentioned.  Some of it are commercial aerospace where we put computers on commercial aircraft and some of it also we have put businesses in our microwave businesses.  So, avionics was up probably 15%, microwave was up about 5% and they made up for the down spike that we saw in the MS.  And the other thing is the EMS margins are much lower.  So, overall, operating profit increased 6% year-over-year even though EMS was down almost 30%. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think I'm rarely given to optimism on these things, but on the other hand, I must say I think the margins are going to improve in that domain, maybe 50 basis points over the year rather than go down. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, you're right, it’s a mix issue.  But also even in our manufacturing we expect some of that programs, as Al mentioned, to come back.  And as I indicated earlier, we did buy VariSystems, which is a difficult environment connector and cable product line, and we think that will have better margins also. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think most of it is commercial.  Really good pickup in some of our marine businesses, a little in the government business. But we have acoustics we had a really pickup in some of our classified programs out of our imaging group here in Thousand Oaks.  And some of our avionics, especially in commercial where we supply both what is referred to as the wireless downlink and now the uplink to commercial aircraft; we have had some nice pickups there so.  And we've had some nice pickups in our engineered systems.  So, I think it’s across the board.  We see some strength in our bookings, and we don’t count long term bookings for which the money has not been allocated. 
