Robert Mehrabian: Actually, it's not worrisome at all for us. The decline year-over-year for LeCroy was expected. First, other oscilloscope companies have had similar declines, but ours was partially artificial in nature for 2 reasons. One is that we -- because of our very rigorous processes for import and export, especially in this case, export, we held up a bunch of shipments almost half the difference to the Far East to ensure that we had appropriate export administrative processes in place. If you exclude that and look at our order side, on the order side, we seem to be, with those things in mind that I just said, fairly flat year-over-year, which is better than what other people have said. The second part of LeCroy is that they have, as you know, introduced a high-definition oscilloscope, which is 12-bit, 16 times better resolution. It's doing very well in the market. And in the first quarter, they introduced a 65-gigabit bandwidth oscilloscope LabMaster, which is probably the highest bandwidth oscilloscope in the market. So I'm very, very pleased with the progress that LeCroy is making.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we've just reviewed that interestingly with the board yesterday. We do have a good pipeline. The prices are, what I would say, in the moderate to high side because obviously the market is up and people's expectations are high. We will make some acquisitions. They'll be mixed between small and intermediate that we've had before. I don't know when we'll do another one because if we have a hopper [ph], once in a while, something falls off the bottom and we catch it. But we anticipate we'll make some more.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we have -- if you look at the Engineered Systems as a whole, Jeremy, over the last -- since 2011 to March 18 -- March 13 of this year, they have received about $1.6 billion of prime contracts in 4, 6, 7 programs, 2 of those are NASA. The most recent one at NASA is $350 million. The mission operations and integration contract, which was awarded in early March, was $120 million. And Shallow Water Combat Submersible is $391 million. That was last year. The Objective Simulation is about $595 million. Even if we get some decrease, as you know, in the IDIQ, I expect that we will get at least 75% of the $1.6 billion, which kind of secures our future. I must mention the last NASA contract that we received for engineering solutions and prototyping, which is $350 million, is under protest. But we think that will resolve itself by sometime early this summer.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me back up a second, Mark. When we -- before we made the contributions with the discount rate that we lowered, our assets were about at 94% of our liability. So it wasn't really out of line. What we chose to do, we chose to pay up 2013 and 2014 contributions together. Because every year, regardless of where our pension is, what we've decided, what the board has decided to do is we should contribute what we're withdrawing from the pension, regardless of what the market does or what the discount rate does, because it will get us into trouble if we don't eventually. But coming back to what you said, with that additional contribution for 2014 this year rather than next year, we took the headwind that we were going to have from pension costs from $0.25, which would have been if we had only made half the contribution, to $0.15, which is what we're estimating right now for this year. Finally, I must note with the market being so favorable in the last few months, as of March 31, our pension assets now stood at, with that contribution included, at 104% versus our liabilities.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In some programs, we see some pushout but not too many. If -- Mark, what we've done in the last 7 years, as you know, knowing our portfolio, we've kind of walked away from a lot of the programs that would be affected by sequestration. And so with 70% of our business being commercial now and 1/2 of the business that's government really not being subject to those things, especially with our last contract wins, we do see a little pushout. Like in our Traveling Wave Tube business, we own the socket. So it's like you have the socket. They need a new lightbulb, and we provide the TWT. So we're seeing a little pushout there. But I don't think it's significant. If everything goes against us, as we see today, for the full year, it might affect us, let's say, $20 million in revenue.
Robert Mehrabian: Tyler, I'd say yes. There's so much going on around the world. Europe is weak. Even though we gained in Europe, Europe is, by and large, weak in a lot of markets. Far East is okay. We're seeing some improvements there. Interestingly enough, we don't see a lot of movement in the U.S. in some of our markets, except for oil and gas obviously. So I'd say we'll keep our current forecast at 2% to 3% organically.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it started in March, which is -- so it will give us 10 months of revenue. I would say roughly about $53 million, $55 million for the year.
Robert Mehrabian: The main issue there is, as a private company, they still haven't adjusted to linear shipments as much as we'd like quarter-over-quarter. They have fairly lumpy shipments because of their -- they ship products that cost $1 million apiece. I think we would probably be okay in Q2. We'll go up maybe 20% sequentially, so that will take care of that issue for us, Tyler.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think there are 2 things, Tyler. One is that we think there would be more shipments in Q2. The second thing is that they are putting in place -- we own only 51% of the company, but they are putting in place some cost efforts that would bring their breakeven cost point down. We are very excited about Optech because what it offers us is looking down from above the waterline, both on the coastline but also coupling the Optech images to our underwater imaging systems, fusing the images together. They have great technology, so we think they're going to be fine.
Robert Mehrabian: It was really -- the remote sensing was really one product line that we make for an external international customer. Other than that, it's a very nice and stable business. Let me give you an example. In the medical imaging, medical dental imaging, their low-dosage, high-resolution image products are really gaining traction with our largest customers. And then if you look at their programs in flat panel display inspections, which is fairly important program for us, there are a number of things that are happening that are helping them. The smart telephone phone, hand phones and tablet businesses are growing very fast. And most of these are using new organic LED technologies for the display. And our customers, as a consequence, are ordering more products from us in that domain. We also have very active programs in migrating from CCD imagers to CMOS imagers, which are higher-speed images and higher-quality images, and we're introducing 2 new products. So all in all, that business is doing pretty well.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Also the fact that both in the OLED -- both in Korea and also in Japan, that -- and China, they're gaining market share. And so the flat panel displays that we were doing, we still are doing, of course, for television and others. The declines there are being more than offset by smartphones and other devices.
Robert Mehrabian: On the bigger picture, we are seeing about 3% to 4% growth in international markets for our commercial businesses. When you walk back to the marine businesses, we had over 8% organic growth. And primarily, that is driven by the fact that most of the oil that is now being produced and will be produced, new oil in the future comes from deepwater. And deepwater CapEx is forecasted to grow 90% between 2012 and 2017 with $135 billion going into subsea equipment, which is where we play. So in terms of ranking, I would say oil and gas, underwater connectors, underwater, both optical and electrical connectors. Then I would say the big opportunities are in the marine systems in general. For example, there is a very large program currently in ocean observation initiatives -- observatory initiative, which is a big scientific study of oceans that includes connectors, communication systems, all kinds of sensors that we produce. And we've already received about $20 million of orders just in that 1 program to date. So I'd say that's the second. And then the last one, again in the marine domain, is our underwater vehicles. We are getting traction there, both gliders, as well as powered underwater vehicles. So I'd say marine first, international, second. A lot of marine, of course, is also international. And lastly, in some of our air monitoring equipment, people already have started ordering air monitoring equipment and some also water flow systems. Municipalities have a little more money from taxes now. And in the air monitoring, the biggest growth area is in China. They had some really terrible news, vis-à-vis the quality of the air there in the last 90 days or so. And so they're buying a lot of our air monitoring. So I would say those are the areas.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We've looked at that, Steve. The -- we have 3 sets coming up. One is in 2014, which is too close to be worth refinancing. There's one in '17 and one in '20. We look at it all the time. It doesn't financially make that much sense right now. But if it ever makes sense, we would, yes.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know. You'll have to ask the administration that question. But I'll tell you one thing about, at least, Iran. The whole underwater vehicle domain, as we know it, both because Iran and because of our emphasis in the Pacific, is growing. For example, threats of shutting down the Strait of Hormuz caused us to look at, us being the U.S., to look at ways of using underwater vehicles to detect the mines because they're not going to close the straits with their boats, they're going to try and mine them. And in general, we're seeing some uptick in our underwater vehicle. And as I mentioned just very recently, the Navy announced another 150 gliders of sole-sourced buy from us. On the North Korean side, I think the only thing I can say there is we make missile engines, turbine engines for missiles. And the most advanced one of those is the JASSM. And that has stabilized for us. And that's a good sign for us. And we're also having some foreign military sales in some of our Harpoon engines. And of course, missile defense is always on the radar. And there might be some actually cuts there to our DT&E. Having said that, because of the Objective Simulation Framework contract that we got, a large contract, we feel fairly secured there.
Robert Mehrabian: We haven't seen that. I know the price of oil goes up and down, but it's way above what their costs are. Book-to-bill for us in the marine domain in Q1 was 1.25, which is about the highest we've seen.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. If you look back about 2 years, what I would say, our marine and aerospace manufacturing programs there were about $25 million a year annualized. This year, we expect that it'd be $50 million. And $40 million of that will be in the marine and some that are the gliders. But we also make up a whole range of products for Littoral Combat Ships and other projects, where we have large machining capability there. And so we think that's going to grow. Right now, it stands at $50 million for the year out of a revenue of, let's just say, approximately $300 million. So it's come up quite a way, and I think it's going to keep increasing. We are not involving them in our electronic manufacturing services business because that's a separate segment. And frankly, the business -- that business has lower margins than the rest of our portfolio.
Robert Mehrabian: RESON, you're actually pronouncing it better than I am. Annualized, I think, we're looking about $62 million to $65 million, at least that's the projection currently. And of course, you know that we'll have them 10 months this year.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't think Qatar wants to buy that business, even though they buy hydrogen systems. What we do have in that business that we can't really discuss in public is we do have a classified program that's growing. And it's a very good program actually. And it's about, I'm going to say, about $15 million a year and profitable. On the hydrogen business, the hydrogen generation business, we're probably one of the few commercial hydrogen generation businesses in the world that sells generators. And then we have some fuel cell products that we expect to introduce in some of our underwater vehicles. So in some ways, it's a fairly stable business. I don't think we would want to divest it at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: I'm going to say of our international revenues, maybe 1/3 or less than 1/3 is in Europe. Of that, there is a significant change from business-to-business. You don't see all the downside in any one time. We don't serve the auto market in Europe. And as you know, the auto market there is in real depression. We don't serve the construction market there, either. On the other hand, we do sell a lot of instruments, oscilloscopes. We do sell photometric vision equipment. This quarter, interestingly enough, our revenues in Europe increased. I don't know if that was a fluke or what. But so far, because of the mix of our businesses, I'd say we expect that to be relatively flat.
Robert Mehrabian: Probably, the orders will decrease in Q2 somewhat because some of the orders carry over into Q2. In general, I would say in our commercial businesses, it's fairly stable. The government businesses, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing a little pushout. But right now, I would say our orders are fairly stable. We expect orders to remain stable for the year.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That $29 million translates into a $0.53 amortization, intangible amortization expense so that if we were doing non-GAAP, we'd probably stick that up top.
Robert Mehrabian: That's correct, Rob. Because the contribution that, on the average, our withdrawal from the pension is of the order of $41 million to $43 million a year, last year, this year, next year. So with the $83 million contribution that we made in January, that was for both 2013 and 2014. So if things don't drastically change and create terrible headwinds, and especially if the market stays as healthy at is it today at 104% funding versus our liability, we wouldn't make a contribution in 2014.
Robert Mehrabian: All right. I'll try and do that. In Instrumentation, as I mentioned previously, our margins went down from last year primarily because of the acquisition. And they were at 15.8%. I think Q2 would be maybe similar, maybe a little down. But as we move through the rest of the year, I expect the margins to improve, and we end the year at maybe a little over 16%. On Digital Imaging, I expect our margins to improve. Again because you recall, Jeremy, we talked about Optech having a loss and pulling the margins down there, so we expect that it was 5.1%. I expect that to move up to more the 7-ish range. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics, it was about 12.5%, and I expect that to move up a little bit as time goes on. And in Engineered System, it was at 9%. That was very high for us. And I think that will go down somewhat. So when you add and subtract all of what I have just said, we think that our segment operating margin was about 12% this quarter. It should creep up over the year and maybe end up at 12.8%, 12.9%, something like that. Does that help? That's as much detail as I've given on that subject ever.
