Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start with expectations for the year and then see if I can answer the rest. Actually, if you look at the year, we have net pricing improvement across all of our businesses of about 3.6% of sales, but that includes Digital Imaging. On the other hand, we have also against that, we have inflation, Greg, and price increases in the products that we buy. The price increases in the products that we buy have been about 3.4%. We also have salary increases of about 4%. So our net pricing increases have kind of offset the headwind that I have – that we have from price increases to us, that is inflation. The flipside of that is that we have had to pay a little extra for scarce products like complex FPGAs and others that we could not build into our price. So that we have had a headwind there, I am going to say about 2%, about $50 million. So fundamentally, Digital Imaging has done well. They have improved their margins, but it’s been a relatively tight year up to now.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the – in general, what we’re finding is that in our Defense businesses, our book-to-bill has improved significantly. Now for the third quarter, actually, our government businesses were down slightly, but the book-to-bill, which is an important part for us, has improved both in FLIR, it’s close to 1x, but in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics is closer to 1.5x and in Engineered Systems to 1.35x. The – what we’re finding is that the demand for electronic components and systems, including parts that are going to Javelin and other weapons that are being depleted, those are coming back strong. We also have really good orders in systems that are being developed like a wide field of new tracking layer, which is for missile tracking basically. We’ve had orders – good orders, and we will have programs of about 60 million over 2 years. And that goes across a lot of our products. So in general, you’re right. We’ve had – we’ve seen strength in our Defense businesses and some moderation in our commercial businesses as time has gone on.
Robert Mehrabian: No. It’s really a headwind from FX. It’s a translation only. It started the year at about 1%, went to 2% in Q2, 3% in Q3, and we’re estimating about 2% in Q4, for a total, Greg, of $110 million hit that we’re taking to our revenue for the full year. So if we didn’t have this translation only, we would have revenues – another $110 million in revenues.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Well, when we started the last quarter, we weren’t sure how much prices we could – of our price increases would stick. And obviously, we were also concerned whether we could manage our margins that take cost out to improve our margins. All of those coupled with the fact that our commercial orders held up pretty well, like in the Imaging businesses, helped us along the way. So in a way, yes, we were looking at – we weren’t in trouble in any way. We were just kind of very cautious because the headwinds were unpredictable. But as we took some cost out and increased prices, and we had good cash flow, by the way, it’s given us a lot more confidence. So we raised our outlook and de-risked Q4 at the same time.
Robert Mehrabian: A little bit, yes. I think overall in the fourth quarter – well, let me go talk to the year, which is easier for me to do. For the year, we think we will be at 22.2%, which would be about 20 bps better than last year. So I think Q4 is going to be better about 22.9%, 22.7% of that range. Again, I’m a little cautious here because there is some softness in the commercial market. But again, our Defense businesses are picking up.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me say, I think $1 billion for ‘23 is a little too high because we have capitalized R&D that we have to worry about. But having said that, if you look at the big picture, which is the way I approached this, we started the year – we started after the FLIR acquisition with a net debt-to-EBITDA of 3.7x. We’re down to about 2.5x now. By the end of the year, everything else going along, we will be down to 2.4x. If all goes well by the end of next year and then by the end of ‘24, we will be down to 0.9x. But that gives us a lot of cash to do acquisitions. And that includes making maybe $500 million of acquisitions in the interim. So the way I look at cash flow is a longer-term view. We probably won’t make the full $1 billion. We will come close, but most importantly, we will be levered and be able to make acquisitions. At the same time, put us in a position where we can do something bigger if we want to later on.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I’d be happy to. It’s really, it’s a – while we didn’t disclose the terms, it’s got about 112 employees. It’s in Northern California. What it does is really it gives us two very important components to our – ads to our products that we don’t have. First, in the microwave area, we make traveling-wave tubes. But in order to drive these tubes, you need a power supply. So far, we’ve had to go to other people to buy the power supplies for our tubes. And we’ve been looking for that, and there is a scarcity of suppliers in that domain. With this acquisition, now we can essentially supply a system of both tubes and power supplies. For example, in a given application, we were studying, we sell the tubes and they add up to about $300,000 for that application. When we put the power supply with the tubes together, we can sell it over $2 million. So that’s in the Defense area. The second area is in our Medical field where we supply products that go into cancer therapy, radiotherapy, X-ray systems to kill cancer. We basically have a product that makes microwave – high energy pulsed microwave that are used in that system. And we’ve added to that – we seriously sell that for about $10,000. We’ve added to that more components, and we’ve gotten to where we sell about $40,000, $50,000 of products in a system. But again, what we didn’t have is the power supply, cooling system, the whole system that you can use in developing the high-energy X-rays. And that, again, is something that ETM brings to us. So what happens is a content that used to be $10,000, we have grown it to maybe $40,000, now can grow over $100,000 per radiotherapy system. And they have really good customer contacts and they have been accepted by the customers as have we with our own products. So that’s why we’re making this acquisition. It’s complementary to both our Defense as well as our radiotherapy businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: It improved margins slightly, but more importantly, what we’re doing is we took the costs out by reducing the workforce. It was a product line, for example, that they bought just before our acquisition in December of 2020. We bought them in May of 2021. It was a product where they were trying to produce basically commercial – industrial, commercial UAVs, unsuccessful, difficult business to be in. We have – in FLIR, we have really good products in the defense domain that we sell substantial amounts of. But to compete in the industrial domain, that was a product that we had to kill.
Robert Mehrabian: Elizabeth, let me answer the second part of the question first. What’s happening to us is that we have about a $60 million shortfall in sales that rolls over quarter over quarter. So it’s not cumulative. It’s not like you have four quarters of $60 million loss in sales that adds to $240 million, just $60 million. What happens, it gets delayed, we get parts. The next quarter, we ship what we couldn’t ship, then we get delayed again. So we may start the quarter looking, saying, it’s going to hurt us by $100 million, but we recover from that, so it’s a $60 million problem for us right now. The flipside, the first part of your question, we are seeing some improvement especially in the more simpler printed circuit board assemblies. For example, to sell our cameras from Teledyne, DALSA and e2v, we need about 1,000 circuit boards a day on occasion. And that was drying up for various reasons. We’ve managed to address that problem. So that’s good. We also have some improvement in components. Having said that, we still have really tight market for more complex systems like field-programmable gate arrays, which – gate arrays, which are FPGAs. And there, what’s happening is the supply shortages are such that people are allocating certain number to each company. We have a very effective effort underway to combine all of our needs across Teledyne, prioritize them and give our priority numbers to our suppliers. Having said that, that is not improving. Some of our suppliers are asking for non-cancelable orders that go out a year from now. And so you have to make choices there, obviously. And we’re also doing that. So part of it is relaxing the PCBAs, but part of it with the field-programmable gate arrays, that’s not. So it’s a mixture. But I’d say, overall, there is improvement.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In some of the products that we make – I’ll start with Digital Imaging. In some of the products that we make, for example, that go into warehouses, as the demand is softening in that domain, then obviously, they don’t need as much of our products for automation and improvement of delivery of their products. On the other hand, we – because we have such a broad portfolio of products that range from security to traffic to firefighting, not all of them are kind of getting impacted simultaneously. That’s why we think it’s – the downward pressure is not as great for us because of the diversity of our products. Now if you went outside Digital Imaging, for example, in our Instruments domain where we have environmental instruments, we have oscilloscopes, protocols, we have marine instruments, we have marine vehicles. There, things are a lot better. We think it might soften but it hasn’t softened much yet. We are getting in the Instruments our book-to-bill is still 1.05x. So what happens is that’s the thing that Jason and I always talk about is the breadth of our products and both in terms of who we supply to and what people buy our products for, but also the diversity of our – geographic diversity of our products, where that’s protecting us. So we might have softness in some areas. But overall, I think we’re doing okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Good point. Right now, if you look at the market for public companies as Jason often says, people always look in the rearview mirror, right? So everybody is looking in the rearview mirror, including us, and you’re seeing 52-week highs, right, in the back. It might be 9 months ago, nevertheless, it’s there. So expectations are what you see in your rearview mirror. If we go forward and things persist the way they are and people see lower numbers looking backwards, then I think we will have more opportunities. Right now, what our focus is to see if we can do more bolt-ons as we have done historically. When we acquired e2v in 2017, our ratio, net debt-to-EBITDA ratio went up almost to 3x. What we did – it came down by the end of ‘20. 2.5 years later or so, it came down to essentially zero. And we in the interim, made another $500 million of acquisitions during that period. So, the number I quoted for 2024 includes us being able to spend maybe $600 million of smaller acquisitions. As to the bigger acquisitions, I think we are waiting a little – obviously, we have some things in mind, but we ought to wait a little bit before people’s – people are not so effervescent about their evaluations.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we still like our commercial businesses. But we are also seeing, as you saw, we also bought something at least a bolt-on in the defense domain, partially bolt-on – partially defense in the bolt-on. We will do some bolt-ons in the defense, especially if they fit our portfolio. But on the larger stuff, it would be either commercial or a mixture of the two, like FLIR was. FLIR was 60% commercial, 40% defense. And so we will look at that, whether it’s 70%-30% or 60%-40%. We look at the combo.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Let me start with the products. Generally, I would say because of the breadth of the products, while there are some softness in some areas, just like our – rest of our digital imaging, FLIR’s book-to-bill right now is close to 1x, 0.98x, which is in some ways better than DALSA, e2v. From – because of the – again, because of the breadth of the products that they have from tomography instruments to infrared detectors to maritime systems, security, traffic, I don’t think we are going to get hit on all of those all at once, and we are not. The only problem that we have at FLIR, if I may call it that, is that historically, their revenues have been more skewed to the end of the quarter rather than evenly paced during the quarter like the rest of our digital imaging is. So, the only risk there is you get closer to the end of the quarter and something unforeseen happens. And then it can hurt you. We are working very hard to flatten that out. It will take us – we have the same problem in every acquisition we have made, large acquisitions, whether it was DALSA or e2v or others. And so we are working very hard to flatten that curve, the shipment curve. Having said that, coming back to margins, I think margins are settling in. They – from a non-GAAP perspective, while there has been some volatility, as you appropriately noted, I think will settle by the end of the year, we will settle to about overall in digital imaging to 22.2%. FLIR will be a little bit down from that. But generally, we should be okay. We are looking forward to really – last year was an odd year because we bought FLIR in the middle of the second quarter, and we essentially shipped 12 weeks of product with 8 weeks of cost. Again, because of that, end of the quarter shipment that I mentioned. So, that skewed the numbers. But things are fairly well stabilized now. And I think what we are looking for is make sure we get to our 22.2% by the end of the year for all of our digital imaging and then hunker down and improve that next year.
Robert Mehrabian: Alright. Obviously, we have been hesitant to talk about it, but it’s going to be probably in our Q anyways in a few days, maybe later on. But it’s got about 112 people. The reason I am a little hesitant about the sales, which are about $50 million, is that they also buy products from us. So, they buy our traveling-wave tubes, including with their power supplies and they sell them. So, the deal is going to be accretive. How many cents depends on how you look at the cost of borrowing. Could be accretive $0.02, $0.03, $0.04, if we say the cost of borrowing is 4%, 5%. On the other hand, our cost of borrowing is not 4%, 5% because our average cost of borrowing with our fixed borrowing and cash is more like 2%. So, it’s going to be accretive, revenue a little shy around $50 million, with some pass-through of our own products. I don’t know if that’s helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: It’s getting better. Last – and you are correct. But we started the year, this year, Kristine, by having about 36% of our missing components. Of course, the components were a lower number when we started the year. There were more like 500 components and we are at 35% that we couldn’t get at that time. We are now over 1,000 components, 1,100 components. But the missing percentage has gone down to about 6%, 7%. So, you are absolutely right. There is the improvement. The flip side is that of the 1,100 components, where we are missing maybe 65 or as I said, 60 open parts, the delay in those are kind of getting longer. And the demand on us is, okay, we are going to allocate so many to you, and you will get it next April. The flip side is it’s a non-cancelable order. I wish I had products like that. I would love to be in that business myself. So, it’s getting better, but still a challenge.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think it’s the latter. No, we are – in all of our products, I know in all of our businesses, we do 80-20, which means we take some products that are unique and they don’t make money. We take the product lines out and then increase our products that are making us a lot of money. We are doing that at FLIR like we do at Teledyne. But no, we are not going to divest any large part of FLIR. We are happy with what we have and we are actually probably going to add some to certain areas.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In some of the discrete components like using commercial domain, things are okay. They are improving. On the other hand, in some of the memory stuff it’s – the length is getting longer. The lead times are longer. But depends on the complexity. Let me just kind of go through it. If you look at memory devices, lead times are getting lower. On the other hand, if you look at more complex devices, like microcontrollers, processors, the lead times are still 4 weeks to 60 weeks. So, it’s kind of a mixture and depends on what device we are looking for. For the simpler components and as I have said, printed circuit boards, we are making some real improvements there, and we feel very good about that. But some of those also require our people to go into the suppliers’ factory and schedule our products on a daily basis to get them out. So, it’s a mixture.
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the private deals it’s probably cracked a little bit. And the reason for that is private entrepreneurs are looking at things – they are looking at the world, Noah, the way it is evolving, right. The uncertainty in the future is becoming much more pronounced at this time. So, entrepreneurs that have built a business like the one we just bought, that – those people have been in business since 1973, they are becoming more reasonable because they see things are not going to get better in the short-term. So, on the smaller deals like that, I think you are right. We are seeing some better pricing. Having said that, on the bigger deals and public companies, they are still seeing 52-week highs in the background. Until we get beyond that, which is going to be another six months, four months, where people are not looking at, look my high was $500. And I am now trading at $350, they look in the mirror and say, well, my high was more like $400 and now we are at $350. Then I think it’s going to be more actionable.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. It depends on the business. Some businesses, we have a hard time increasing prices because of the programs that we have, long-term programs. But let me just give you an example. In digital imaging, DALSA, e2v, for example, we have been able to increase prices about 4.7%. In marine, where we supply unmanned vehicle, but also a lot of connectivity products for oil and gas, we have also been able to increase prices about 4.7%. On the other hand, in some of our defense products, we have hardly cracked price or gotten about 1% or 2%. Having said that, on the average across the company, our price increases have been about 3.6% year-to-date. And against that, we have wage increases that are 4%. And then products, material that we buy that have been about 3.4%. That’s excluding the extra 2% that we pay for scarce materials. So, that’s been a wash between the price increases and the inflation. Where we hurt is, of course, we are spending $50-plus million extra on getting our scarce products. So, I think over time, that will go away too.
Robert Mehrabian: Just really, there was just an Altavian product that they bought in December of 2020, about four months, five months before we bought them. Actually, we were already in discussions with them, and they picked that up. And it was – I think it’s basically an industrial, commercial drone business, not in a very difficult market. There are 20 companies that – of that ilk that are competing with one another. Me on that domain, I would rather buy the truck and put in our very really advanced imaging systems on somebody else’s truck. I don’t want to build those inexpensive trucks. So, that’s the one.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much. We would – if you would be kind enough operator, I am going to ask Jason to conclude our conference call, and then we will stop.
