Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Jason, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the organic growth rate, if we look at it – it's about down about 5% for the year and I would say that of course primarily driven by the downward trend in the marine instruments. Everything else except engineered system will be down at little bit, but I just hope that business should be up.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, George. I think theirs is no question that the price of the oil is influencing physiology, physiological outlooks. On the other hand what we are learning is that almost all of our customers including ourselves by the way have significantly reduce their cost structures especially their cost structure vis-à-vis exploration and more importantly production. For example, we know from data that's been given to us that the offshore production cost have gone down significantly where some of the even deep ocean wells would be profitable at less than $50 a barrel. That significant considering a year ago people were quoting $75 a barrel. So everybody is talking now, people are improving their cost and designing system that are much more cost effective. And finally George, at least in their offshore domain what they're trying to do is do more processing on the ocean floor which has reduced costs also bringing everything up and processing it. But it also is also very good for us because we supply lot of the connectivity and corrosion and other products like pressure and temperatures sensors for the ocean bottom.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Jim, I think you should look at that segment. One thing in mind there's a part of digital imaging which is our research lab, which is about $30 million, $35 million of revenue. There we take no profit. So -- and that, if you look at it that way, that comprises approximately 10% of imaging. Having said that, the improvement in margin are coming from those are large corporations and they will continue to improve the remainder of the year, perhaps another 100 basis points or so.
Robert Mehrabian: I think next quarter, next couple of quarters we ought to see maybe 300 basis points improvement in the margins in that segment primarily because we won't have the one-time restructure in charges that we took in the margin businesses. And so, I think we've structured the business as I mentioned before to start having meaningful margin improvement even at the current level if and when I should say. When the oil and gas market comes back and coming back there is no question it's going to back. And the reason for that is very simple. The existing wells all across whether its land based or ocean based they would be depleting, our reserves are depleting, people can estimate anywhere between 4 billion and 5 billion barrels a day per year and also there is some continuing change in demand that's positive, but the depletion is more significant. And we have to have new resources of energy to offset depletion. And so I think this business will come back and when it comes back I expect our margins to go back up in the 15%.
Robert Mehrabian: Howard, the way this works is very simple. The fact that your sell a building for again, especially a building that we're hoping to replace with the similar building. The tax benefit will reduce the cash that we will be paying for the new building, because otherwise if we don't we'll have to pay the $7.7 million in taxes. But it doesn't affect our current tax rate, our earnings or anything else.
Robert Mehrabian: There is no book impact, it’s a contingency. If you don't use it you'll have to cope up the cash in the future.
Robert Mehrabian: First, as you know Howard, we have a whole range of vehicles going from gliders to remotely operated vehicles, to automated underwater vehicles and of course we have the larger vehicles for the Special Forces. Having said that, the advantages that we enjoy over others are that we also have a very strong suite of sensors that we incorporate in our vehicles whether it’s a glider or it's an AUV or an ROV and what that does its gives us the ability to offer customers vehicles with completely integrated solutions from us. Now, we sell our sensors to other people. But of course we have the advantage of cost benefits when we use them in our vehicles. Just to give you an example. We have produced some [Indiscernible] vehicles specifically for the Chinese. This has to do with trying to find the Malaysian Airline that disappeared and we’ve sold three of those already just under $1 million each but those contain about 10 of our different sensors in them all in the vehicles. Finally, I would just say that we not only are working with our vehicles in the commercial domain but we have remotely operated vehicles that are now being used by the Navy for Mine Explosive Ordinance Disposal and we have underwater vehicles for the Special Forces. So I think our -- as you said other people are entering the market. Some have been in there for a while. I think the important thing for us is to continue to improve our range of our offerings and integrate our sensors into them.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes there are two parts to that. On the laser based mapping we have a whole sequence of new products that are enabling operators to do the mapping without having someone direct instruments, so they are totally automated and -- or that comes out of our Optech businesses that are part of DALSA they had a significant increase there, it’s a small business but nevertheless year-over-year we had about 25% increasing from new products. The other area, the geospatial software that is business that we just acquired that’s called CARIS, it’s also part of DALSA, it’s in Canada and what they do is they do use hydrographic sensors that are acoustic sensors primarily that do surveys of ocean floors and they provide all the data the software for people to convert all of that data into useful information and maths and 90 countries around the world use those systems. And that’s an increasing business for us because it’s not only occupies the space that it [Indiscernible] it but it also is very complimentary to our existing other marine businesses including aerial survey, Optech business where we do near shore and off shore survey.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much operator, Justin. What I like to do now is I’d like to ask Jason to please conclude our conference call.
