Jeff Evanson: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Tesla Motors' third quarter 2012 financial results question-and-answer conference call. I'm joined today by Elon Musk, Deepak Ahuja, and George Blankenship, key executives of the company to answer your questions today. We announced our financial results for the third quarter at 3:30 am Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter, financial results and webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.teslamotors.com. Today's call is for your questions, but we would like to keep the call to 45 minutes today, so ask that you'd be succinct in your questions. We will conduct the Q&A session live. So please press *1 now, if you'd like to ask a question. Now, during the course of this call, we may discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Such statements are predictions based on management's current expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent 10-Q filing with the SEC. Such forward-looking statements represent our views as of today, and should not be relied upon after today. We also disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. And now, operator, could we please have the first question.
Jeff Evanson: We've consumed 20 minutes here, getting through just a few of you, so let's just leave it to one question and one follow-up, please. Operator, let's have the next question please.
Jeff Evanson: And thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing in the coming weeks, either on the factory tour tomorrow in Chicago at R.W. Baird's Industrial Conference or at other events through the reminder of the year. Goodbye everyone.
Elon Musk: We do get some cars that are required meaningful rework. But generally we're trying to maintain extremely standard of qualities. So if we see some that's even a minor aesthetic issue, we want to correct that. And now that most vehicles require some work to correct minor issues. A lot of issues are not something that mostly would even notice, but we're trying to get as close to perfect as possible. Nonetheless, we are able to get to a production rate, which is annualized at 10,000 cars a year. And I feel really good about where we are with respect to manufacturing the vehicles.
Elon Musk: Our biggest issue has been getting all of the parts of the vehicle on time for suppliers and at a very high quality. I think we're through those issues. There are no supply issues that I'm aware of right now, that prevent us from achieving at an annualized production rate of 20,000 vehicles a year, basically within next four, five weeks. So it's looking good. That's not to say something couldn't crop up, but it's looking quite good. And we're seeing a rapid decline in the number of correct issues that needs to be corrected as vehicles come up in the line. So it's getting better very quickly. So right now, I feel very optimistic about with the way things are. And I'm not aware of any issues in front of us getting to the 20,000 units to our annualized production volume.
Elon Musk: Yes, I think we should be, as the letter has indicated this is still a 19% reduction from the prior quarter, and that's primarily as we have pulled out all the manufacturing related expenses. Most of our R&D count now is people at this point, and we are focused on future product development, bunch of actions still continue to improve our products. So I think that's fairly reasonable rate going forward.
Elon Musk: Yes. So right now we're able to build cars at the 10,000 year-to-year annualized rate with the parts we need. And as of today, I don't know if any part that would prevent us from getting to the 20,000 year-to-year level in four or five weeks. So it looks like once a plain sailing, but it looks like, solid sailing in that direction. So I think those gross could come up, that I'm not aware of any obstacles to that as of to getting there right now, touchwood, it's looking quite good. And I should say, I mean, overall, I feel Tesla was really kind of past the point of high risk. Several months ago, I said I thought that the coming several months would be really the test for Tesla. And it's the classic phrase of, going through the valley of death, and I feel as that we are through that valley at this point.
Elon Musk: Just to clarify what is interpreted by Deepak's statement is that the left-hand-drive European version has very little work left to do to it. In fact, we have two EU approved vehicles in EU right now during the initial market. We just started marketing in EU. So the real incremental R&D is with respect to, as Deepak mentioned the right-hand-drive version of the EU version, which had applied to Japan and Hong Kong and few other places. And then there are a few other variants of the Model S that we will kind of put next year that I think is going to be pretty exciting. In addition to, of course, we were getting into the Model X and starting the initial design work of the third generation S market vehicle.
Elon Musk: I get to know a customer, who's received a car, and told me weirdly, how many additional cars they sold to people that they know, in some cases, strangers on the street. It really is spreading quite wildly by word of mouth. It's worth noting that at Telsa store does not spend any money on advertising.
Elon Musk: That's interesting, hypothetical. Well, I guess I would say assuming that we're at the 20,000 unit per year production rate, which we've been quite at, because the gross margin is really affected by the ramp. And assuming that it's too fast-forward, five weeks or something like that. And if you take out the short-term cost issues associated with the ramp, and just the things that we sort of have put on hold. If you take non-cost down issues that we put on hold to ensure that we make around, we would be at the 25% gross margin level.
Elon Musk: We got to be a little bit cautious about commenting on ongoing lawsuits and any other perspective, a traditional process. But we feel, we're quite optimistic with respect to our legal position. We really feel strong that we're in the right, and it's worth noting that thus far no injunctions have been issued. So we really feel optimistic that we will prevail in these cases, and that we are strongly on the side of what the law intended to occur. So other than that there are no great insights, except to say that we feel really optimistic about where we are.
Elon Musk: Right now we're still working our way through this industry, which is quite a heavy optioned version of the car. We've been surprised by the level of interest in the performance version of the car till that takes us a bit by a surprise and actually causes us some slight challenges in meeting the production ramp for components that are specific to the performance version of the car, I feel which will surprise us by how many people were interested in that. And looking ahead, our option mix still looks like it's quite rich actually. So it's really looking, I'd say, maybe a little better than anticipated, but usually that could change. We don't have a crystal ball as to say how things could go long-term, but it's been better than I expected in terms of the number of things, that we were interested in having on the car. So George or Deepak, if you want to add to that.
Elon Musk: With that said, a lot of customers really ask for more options. So we will try to roll out a few more extras that people could buy, that like and maybe a few of the people can retroactively add to their car.
Elon Musk: Essentially the project is proceeding actually at the expected pace. We're just being conservative about the revenue recognition. And we want to make sure. We don't run the risk of the restatement, not with respect to the Daimler contract. So operationally, it's proceeding as expected, but which is being a little bit on the conservative side, and otherwise our revenue would actually be higher than what we currently stated.
Elon Musk: Actually our revenue would be higher if we've been less conservative in the recognition of our revenue.
Elon Musk: It would actually apply to the 85 kilowatt version automatically, that's just being included. And then for, a couple of thousand dollars, you can get the Supercharger hardware added to the 60 kilowatt version. We're not currently planning or adding it to the 40 kilowatt version, because we see that as, the customer buying that is really buying it because they don't really make long business trips. So it tends to be a more of a car that you'd want to use for travel just within a greater metropolitan area. We do expect to have a Supercharger network to be used by the particularly by the Model X, and by our third-generation vehicle. But we're thinking that if you want to have a nominal range, at least on the order of 200 miles of range, at 55 miles an hour, for the Supercharger network. And that's basic a basic version. But we do expect that the vast majority of cost that we produce going forward to have access to the Supercharger network, like said apart from the very lowest version of the model which is for those who are just almost going to take long distance trip.
Elon Musk: We've hired almost all of the people that we need for the 20,000 unit a year to ramp. And typically it's 54 on board and trained is around two to three week process. So I think really things are in place to get to that run rate in four or five weeks.
Elon Musk: Dan, the other elements of the balance sheet items that effect including how our inventories and ASPs get managed and our reservation is balance. So when we look at that on a combined basis, from an operational perspective, we're comfortable with the message that we have provided in the letter.
Elon Musk: We've made huge progress on homologation. We designed the Model S from the beginning to meet the European and American specs. And in fact, specs in Japan and Asia, as much as possible. So we believe that some of those specs were usually exclusive. And in fact, we have two, Model S us with German plates currently driving around that we completed as part of our European media launch recently. So we believe that there is very little to get the European spec in homologation ready for production. We could start production of those units sooner than kind of the March, April timeframe next year. But there is not really a need to do that, since we can fully install our production with North American demand, rather than increase the complication of managing all those cars in Europe. And we want to stay focused in North America just for a few more months, before we start ship cars over to Europe, and then Asia shortly thereafter.
Elon Musk: Actually, you said that the rate of cancellations for people that have locked in, the cancellation for people that have actually confirmed that their options is extremely low. There are very few people that cancel once they've decided what their options are going to be. The cancellation seems to occur before they've decided, but that's where the 10% to 15% cancellation occurs.
Elon Musk: Yes, I think so. I think there are lot of reasons to take the higher range car, assuming the performance elements, it gets little faster, its acceleration is very high top speed, that the warranty is a little bit better, but I think the more you travel long distance with Supercharger, the fact that you'll able to travel full free anywhere in America long distance, I think is pretty appealing. And you'll probably just open the Superchargers system open to the public and I really think it's a wonderful experience when you use it. I actually drove with my all five of my kids in the Model S with luggage in the front trunk. So fully loaded, all the way from LA to San Francisco and it was really a great road trip. And with no hitches, and when we had stopped for meal, or the restroom by the time we came back the, care was ready to go, so I think it's really exceeded my expectations actually for what I was hoping it would be and how well it would function. So I am really excited about it and I think as people use it, it's really going to open their open eyes, as to what an electric car could be like, and just not having to go to a gas station, and invest in fumes and pay how much money for gas. Tesla's free long distance, powered by sunlight, I think is quite a revolution, I think.
Elon Musk: Well, our partners with Mercedes and Skoda, both of them been more interested in shorter range vehicles rather than tackling long range problem. It was certainly something we would be happy to give access to. We have to give an access to it, but I think it needs just a bit of a larger battery pack than they're currently specking for car.
Elon Musk: Yes, true. Surprisingly there haven't been a lot of increases on that front. Maybe it's just taking time to sink in. And I think it's currently in the main mind frame that it's more of a greater metropolitan area travel vehicle, in the other case the RAV4 and the V Class Mercedes. And I think once they see how customers are adopting and using the Supercharger network, their interest will peak. I really don't think people realize just how cool it is. It's just works. It's one of those things where it's even better than it sounds. It's better than the marketing.
Elon Musk: I mean, that's probably true anecdotally. Just given the delivered amount of car is incredibly good. So I've not accounted anyone, who said that they tried the car and then didn't like it. It tends to be very opposite.
Elon Musk: Just separate out the battery, there is the sale of cost and then there is the battery balancing system cost. So we really not moving any significant production and sale cost into getting through 25% gross margin. There are bunch of reductions associated with the pack cost. But we have really good insight into those and anecdotal path to get those done in a fairly short period of time, so not really worried about battery pack cost at all. In fact, I think just overall we've got a really good handle on getting to 25%. I've very high confidence of getting there. My goal is to exceed 25%, and not just stop at that point.
Deepak Ahuja: Yes, I think it definitely will be over $100 million. And you're right, to the extent signature reservations come off. We have collected a much higher deposit on them compared to general production reservations. So there would be some adjustment in our reservations balance to account for that.
Deepak Ahuja: I think what I would prefer to do is that the next earnings call provide formal, a sense of the trends we would have on our R&D expenses for 2013. But I think broadly speaking the factors that affect R&D would be as you said our new product development which includes Model X, Model S. And we're going to be working on a right-hand-drive version, European version, there are few other things. And it's our continued improvements in manufacturing and design that we will be focused on. So there will be some degree of lumpiness. But nothing there will be as significant as we saw in 2012, because all the manufacturing expenses are no longer in R&D. And we've continued to stay that way.
Deepak Ahuja: Just to clarify there, Amir, our guidance hasn't changed. The 2,500 to 3,000 deliveries is for Q4, while the 2,750 to 3,250 was the full year guidance, and that includes Q3 deliveries.
Deepak Ahuja: I think we would prefer not to give specific monthly numbers. But I think George gave you a good sense earlier, that given our continued store openings, the visibility of the car and the recent awards that the car has won, certainly seem a good up tick recently.
Deepak Ahuja: It was really not something significant. We were sorting out some of the technical specification to the milestones. And that was required for us to make sure we were doing revenue recognition, correctly. And those issues are all pretty much behind us. 
Deepak Ahuja: It's little more in Q4 and Q3. We were still capitalizing since a lot of our assets were under construction during the quarter.
Deepak Ahuja: We want to be sure we are beating our numbers here. So we want to be careful. But it should be relatively close. And I think we want to just help give the sense that we'd be around the right track, and as Elon said looking beyond, we're on track to get to 25%.
Deepak Ahuja: As George can add some more insight there, clearly we've seen an up tick with recent activities and so we've just begun the launch of the Model S marketing activities in Europe. So overall we have probably around 15%, 20% of our reservations in Europe.
Deepak Ahuja: I think our cancellations rates for people that we reach out to confirm a booking is in the 10% to 15% range. It depends on how old some of these were. So you're in right ballpark. Fair Andrea? George anything else you may want to add.
George Blankenship: It's been a lot of time in the story, I think here is what's happening is, our increase in reservations is a combination of several things. One is we have more stores open and as we open more stores, we're getting in front of more, and more, and more people everyday. I mean, we've seen 1.8 million people through our stores year-to-date, but the last quarter was a significant increase over previous quarters, because of more stores being open and we've got five more opening by December 1 of this year, all in high-traffic, high-visibility locations. And as we open up the new stores, more and more people are coming and say, who is Tesla, and we're getting that increase in awareness in significant ways. And I think we're reaping some of the benefit of having been open now for about 18 months with these new design stores where we getting a lot of traffic. And then I think next is the awards. We're getting some very, very positive awards that we're letting people know about. And that's reinforcing that the car is quite extraordinary and somebody else is saying, besides us. We got a lot of press right after the June 22 start, and now we've got more recently with Automobile Magazine, Yahoo! Autos, thus making real positive. And then there is one other element that we're experiencing in California, specifically where we've delivered a lot of cars is that they're putting cars on the road now that people are taking other people out to dinner with, they're going to movies, they're going to shows with, they're going to their house and people are seeing the cars, oh my god, how do I get one of these. And so our customer base that had actually received their cars are actually selling cars for us, making reservations for us. And so we got, the really big effect going on right now, which is really positive. And as far as timelines when people would be able to come in and buy a car right away, I don't see that anytime in the near future, in fact that's not even the goal. The goal will always be that there is a reservation time, so that we can build your cars specifically for you. So I don't see that on the horizon at all at this point.
George Blankenship: We do a lot of watching of this and I also saw that. And what's happening is the refunds that are happening now were very, very expected. We're going through people, through the reservations that were made in 2009, 2010, lots of changes that's happened at different points in time. And by the time we get into Q1, what will happen is, the waiting time between when you make your reservation and when you actually configure your car, will go from two-and-a-half to three years, and then down to literally a couple of months. So the time will just be minimal. The time will be minimal, and therefore there won' be a reason to be canceling. So we see this becoming a non-issue in North America as we get into the beginning of next year, I mean the refund count will go down a lot.
George Blankenship: I agree with that. One of the option that has been most favorable, we see if that the performance, and the signature version of the car as Elon said was highly optioned and there really weren't a lot of options on that car, specifically because of the signature car, as we moved into the general production reservations. Very happy with performance and from the other options, that we weren't sure how well they've been received. And they've been received very, very well. So I agree with Elon that we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be with options.
George Blankenship: Well, we haven't really changed the date by a month. So I think we actually expect that to occur as we previously expected. But the things can shift around by a week or two, but not really much more than that. And I think actually it will be as expected.
George Blankenship: All of the Roadsters that are remaining that are new are in Europe and Asia, and right-hand-driving is basically done except for a couple of demos. We're putting together international program that actually brings back Roadsters. And this will translate to Model S, in the future Model X. So that we actually manage that process and so we control the value of that secondary part of the market. We think that's very important. So we actually have a staff that's dedicated to specifically managing used Roadsters now in North America, based out of California. So we think it's an important part of business opportunity for us going forward.
George Blankenship: No it's just that the number was completely expected to be where it is, and is expected to go down as we get into Q1.
George Blankenship: We don't have the exact numbers on which ones were customer references, because some of them are multiple customer references, some of them come to the stores specifically, because they went to dinner the night before with somebody who's received a car and then they come in to the store. They get more information and make a reservation. We don't track it specifically by customer. But when we start to look at geographic areas where we have the most delivered cars, those areas are really starting to escalate very quickly in reservations for more cars. So we don't have it down to a specific percentage or number. It's just when you look at the overall picture, you can see that where we have the most cars delivered, reservations are escalating significantly.
George Blankenship: I haven't really tracked it that way. I haven't really backed into it that way. So couldn't really quantify that that for you.
