Aaron Chew: Good afternoon. Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to SolarCity’s first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Leading the presentation on today’s call will be Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Lyndon Rive; Chief Financial Officer, Bob Kelly, and for the first time, on one of our calls, be introducing our new Chief Operating Officer, Tanguy Serra as well. Do note, our other Co-Founder, Peter Rive will also be in the room for any questions if need be. As a reminder, today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including forecasts regarding SolarCity’s 2014 and 2015 financial and operating results and forecasts. Words such as believe, may, estimates, continue, anticipate, intend, expect predict, potential and similar expressions as they relate to SolarCity it’s business and its management are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be considered a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at or by which such performance or results will be achieved, if at all. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements, including risks identified in SolarCity’s earnings press release issued today as well as in the slides accompanying this presentation, as well as additional risks and uncertainties identified in the section entitled Risk Factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which has just been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. In addition, during the course of this call, we will use a number of specially defined terms relating to our business metrics and financial results. We refer to these definitions included in the slides accompanying this presentation, which are available on our Investor Relations website at investors.solarcity.com. And with that long introduction behind us, I would like to introduce SolarCity’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lyndon Rive.
Aaron Chew: The second part of the question in Arizona, so, there is no law that had changed in Arizona. In fact, the law has in place the last six years, but has recently happened is the interpretation of property tax on third-party finance is being interpreted differently this year than it has historically. So, we’re going to find it. There is no change in law – it doesn’t make a sense – it doesn’t make any sense at the interpretation to change.
Aaron Chew: Hey, Brian, it’s Aaron. Just let me chime in on it a bit, why it’s such a hard question to answer, the answer is all about the slope of growth. Once that slope comes down, and as Lyndon pointed out, your bookings are in line with deployment, then you see the leverage immediately, but it’s just the sharp slope of growth makes it hard. And so to make that call –it’s all about where you think that growth rate is going to be two or three quarters from now.
Aaron Chew: Otherwise I think we come out and we see as probably guide to an OpEx for loss, but the last thing is also guide to a number we don’t have.
Aaron Chew: To add to that, Edwin, I mean, I think it is safe to assume that generally speaking OpEx on an absolute basis probably prices most quarters, at minimum flat. What do you want to see is obviously the leverage on the per watt basis, where the timing could impact it, but to answer your question, OpEx is probably still going up, I just don’t think you’re going to see growth at the same pace you did the last couple of quarters.Edwin Mok – Needham & Company: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on that then, as you guys strive to increase OpEx – thanks for providing the OpEx deployment numbers as a metric to think about it, right. As you drive increase OpEx, does that require you to increase monetization, maybe increase synchronization, and increase monetization to pay for that increase in comparable OpEx and would that have a negative impact with – on the retained value? And then I have a quick follow-up on the PPA that you mentioned.
Aaron Chew: Vishal, assuming the timeline on the tariff stays the same, we probably would be doing that next year at the latest, but there is chatter that that gets pushed off out there.
Lyndon Rive: Thanks, Aaron. So, we are off to a great start in 2014. We’ve invested into the sales team and are starting to see the results. Here are some highlights for Q1. We booked 136 megawatts, well above our 100 megawatt forecast. Our installs came in at the high end of the guidance. We have expanded into Nevada. Nevada, the primary focus is going to be Las Vegas. This is a great solar region, because of the amount of sun that Las Vegas gets. We entered into our second securitization and Bob will cover this in more detail. Moving to Slide 5, our contracted cash flow is now $2.5 billion. The amazing part is we added $500 million in one quarter. These are starting to become big numbers. We also note 100,000 energy contracts when we added over 17,000 customer contracts this quarter. We are well on our way for 1 million customers. Moving on to Slide 6, I am pleased to say we are going to increase our guidance for 2014. The new guidance is 500 to 550 megawatts. We are comfortable with this increase based in the bookings momentum we have seen earlier in the year. Now, we are not going to slowdown, we are going to continue to invest in sales and marketing. Based on these investments, we are now forecasting 2015. The forecast for 2015 is going to be 900 megawatt to 1 gigawatt. The reason for giving you 2015 guidance this early is we’ve got to make those investments now and you will see this in the OpEx numbers. If we meet this forecast by the end of 2015, we will have over 2 gigawatts of deployed solar and a historic growth rate of 98% for the last five years, that will be an amazing achievement. I am now going to pass it on to Tanguy Serra, our Chief Operating Officer.
Lyndon Rive: It’s trending well. We don’t want to get into the habit of forecasting bookings. The reason why we did it last quarters is of course we gave the updates, so late into the quarter. What really matters is what we install and so I would like everybody to focus on the 500 to 550 and then the 900 megawatt to 1 gigawatt.
Lyndon Rive: So NRG that’s beginning to – in the solar industry for about four years and it recently acquired a company called Roof Diagnostics on the East Coast. So the – we haven’t read up across that much but we will continue to watch it. But the landscape has always been highly competitive. This always been hundreds of companies in the space. We are always watching this closely, but our close rates and our growth rate has continued to increase. And our goal is actually to gain market share.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, it’s roughly in the band that we should anticipate it does not depending on the states and the mix of commercial and residential. But that movement will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the actual bookings.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, let me take the financing one first. The financing strategy is all – always to monetize the tax equity value in the asset we get – when we get an asset you really have a tax value and a contract value, Patrick is referred to the monetization of the contract value at about 48 a watt. The tax equity value usually comes in $0.80 to $2 range. So, when you add two of them together you’re well under – over your cost so that gives you a great deal of comfort when you look forward into business beyond the tax – where the market is going to go. When you look at the future transactions, the first two transactions will give related to 1603 grants and moving forward if we go back into deployments for 2013, future securitizations will have a tax equity component and I’m pretty confident that we can get that done in marketplace.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, it’s – as our growth rate decreases in that number will get closer to one another and so bookings – then would be an equal match. But at a 98% growth rate you’re always investing into the future.
Lyndon Rive: So you will see that efficiency, if you normalized the booking you will see that efficiency in the next quarter.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, the state itself has seen a decline in solar adoption. The state has had many negative things happening to it and which has since have increased the cost to the customer. So unless you have significant economies of scale, it’s really hard to offer a customer value proposition that make sense so, it is a challenging state. Now, we do have economies of scale and how value proposition is still very attractive to customers. In fact, our bookings in Arizona haven’t been – had never been higher. So, although with all these difficulties the only way to push through with an extra fees and costs is to get more volume and to get more scale. So, we’re actually going to continue to invest in Arizona and scan until there is anything further.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, just to be super clear on that. The goal is to make these investments, to get the sales team to 200 megawatt capacity by the end of the year. So, making those investments now, getting the team up and running, training them and so then that will follow through. If you use that, then it would put us in a 800 megawatt capacity for next year, but we start to grow into 2015.
Lyndon Rive: No, I think that’s why when I talked about it a little bit was that the focus is on the all-in cost per watt, what is the installed cost. So, if your revenue curve continues at its phase and we drive down the installed cost. Your retained value increases and your securitization has an advanced rate actually decreases. You have a better credit with the securitization. So, that’s why the focus really is on maximizing the price per kilowatt hour on the top line and driving your down install cost down, the sales and marketing, the OpEx are a part of your install cost. Some of the challenges that we are talking about is what Tanguy said that it is paid today and you don’t see it until the future, but when you look at exactly what you are going to do, Edwin, it’s all on the install cost, the lower that is, the lower the securitization, the higher the retained value.
Lyndon Rive: It’s just a customer preference. To us, there is almost no difference, but to the customer, it is do you want a fixed monthly payment or do you want a variable monthly payment. And so ignoring the states like Arizona, we can only do a lease, but in other states, do you want a fixed monthly payment or do you want a variable monthly payment? If you want a fixed monthly payment, we do a lease. If you want a variable monthly payment, we do a PPA.
Lyndon Rive: But our customers, over a year, appear to be indifferent with the nature of the PPA or a lease.Edwin Mok – Needham & Company: Great, that’s very helpful. Thank you. That’s all I have.
Lyndon Rive: Yes. So that was – as mentioned earlier, that will fluctuate slightly depending on the growth in different states as well as the commercial residential blend.
Lyndon Rive: Yes. I guess you see I don’t have it handy, but you will see the actual dollars to cover on the next securitization.
Lyndon Rive: So we are going to come out with a cost reduction and we’re still working on few things to finalize this. For now, I’d stick to our original forecast of 5.5% a year, but once we have this all nailed down, most likely be – let me hold off on the timeframe. We will come out with a cost reduction and hopefully get it out before the next quarter.
Lyndon Rive: So, the market is incredibly big so, we’ve always thought the market is 42 million homes in the state that we operate.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, so, it’s never been a – as the market size increased. Potentially, it opens field. What we have decided to do now, is invest more into growth and capture those customers with the sales team really performing well, we then going to grow the operational team behind that and so the formula is working so we’re just investing more into the formula. And knowing that we can pull the systems through as why we increased the guidance for this year and next year guidance is just the mathematical piece. If you end the year at 200 megawatt run rate that puts at 800 and you’ve got to go next year too. So, it’s – it will be strong.
Lyndon Rive: Essentially one thing I do want to clarify, when you’re talking about the energy market, almost every market is a massive market so, in terms of technology or software, you may knew Nevada is a small market. Nevada is a big market for us and to-date, we’ve only cost over 100,000 customers so, they way more than 10,000 customers in Los Vegas. So, it is a big market. So they have a market with fantastic sun exposure and awesome housing starts. The houses seem to be relatively new, so, the installation cost should be lower with a good sun exposure.
Lyndon Rive: That’s a hard question to answer and we are testing a few things to see what the outcome looks like there, but for now assume the majority of the volume is leases and PPAs.
Lyndon Rive: Sure. So, two questions in there. The rate design process is still an end from what they are looking at is collapsing, potentially collapsing the tiers, bringing the two bottom tiers up and then only having two tiers instead of three or four. And when we look at that, we actually think it’s going to increase our market size, because today, Tier 1 and Tier 2, the customers don’t see much savings or any savings or anything at all. If they do that then our customers – homes with smaller energy bills will see savings as well and then we can address them. And even at the new tiers that we are seeing our PPAs or leases will be in the money, so the customers will see savings. And then in terms of your second quarter the headroom for the net metering in California, I just wanted to make sure that everyone understands. In California there is no net metering cap, so the caps have been removed in California. Now for lack of better words net metering won at Durham has a 5% limitation and based on volume forecast depending on the utility that 5% should get hit in late 2015, 2017. Then there is active discussion in what do the new rate looks like and then what’s the cost and benefit of net metering and the PUC is going to determine that and then that will be the new net metering rate.
Lyndon Rive: So we want to invest into the sales team so they can ramp up to 200 megawatt, but there is a delay from when you can train the sales team from when the bookings come in. Commercial has a long delay. The commercial has from a person – from the time the person joined to when the person makes its first booking is probably around nine months. So there is a lag period. We are going to whatever we can to increase that lag – reduce that lag period so we can get to those numbers faster. And having the team at that full capacity by the end – sales capacity by the end of the year is definitely achievable.
Lyndon Rive: Everybody, thank you so much for the time. We are excited about continued momentum and looking forward to building energy company of the 21st century. And that’s it. Have a good day.
Brian Lee – Goldman Sachs: Okay, I get that, I guess Lyndon maybe a follow-up on that, went into at some point expect and maybe it’s a ways away where some of the incremental investments you’re making are, let’s call them more efficient, they’re resulting in more throughput through the deployed basis where you do start to see that leverage and they don’t have to march up one for one.
Brian Lee – Goldman Sachs: The one thing I do want to make sure, you will definitely get operational efficiencies. So, by pushing more volume through your fixed infrastructure costs, the costs will come down and we’re seeing those efficiencies.
Brian Lee – Goldman Sachs: Yes, I think that we are seeing the efficiencies on the bookings basis, I was just wondering if we might start to see play through as clearly on the deployed basis as well. But that’s helpful. Follow-up was just on Arizona, similar to Patrick’s question, how much of your Q1 installs and bookings were in the stay and also how much of your 2014 and 2015 outlook is tied to demand there, reason being, there’s clearly a number of challenges the solar industry facing out in that stage. And may be the last one on that point, is there way you can quantify how much of your Arizona business actually is potentially impacted, given it seems like some of this is only tied to the APS territory, thanks guys.
Bob Kelly: I guess, adding to that, that’s what we talked about in the last quarter of the seasonality of the business as you get more PPAs, where it’s production based, it depends on the amount of sun during the quarter and the effect on revenues.
Bob Kelly: No, I think the model, what we are trying to do is drive down the cost of capital in the securitization is a very size of capital market as well as the low cost. We continually want to drive down the premium for this new asset class and hopeful that will increase or decrease I guess as we approach our next securitization, but if you look at the model, Andrew that we setup is as you do quarterly deployments as the assets get up and running, you are move them to aggregation and into securitization market. So what you want to do as you get to 2017 is drive down your install costs and your cost of capital where you are competitive without an ITC or reduce the ITC.
Bob Kelly: Yes. And then one other thing that in terms of financing of revenue see if we can get cross-funding to help with the financing as well.
