Lars Moravy: Sorry, we cut out there for a second. Yeah, the Cybertruck is currently in its alpha stages. We finished basic engineering the architecture of the vehicle. With the Cybertruck, we're redefining how a vehicle is to be made. As Elon said, it carries much of the structural pack and large casting designs of the Model Y being built in Berlin and Austin. Obviously those take priority over the Cybertruck, but we are moving into the beta phases of Cybertruck later this year, and we will be looking to ramp that in production, and take it to Texas after Model Y is up and going.
Lars Moravy: Yeah, I mean, I think if you look at the expansion we've done in Shanghai, that factory was built in less than a year and ramped in 5 to 6 months to full volume.
Lars Moravy: And when you consider cut-and-paste, we've repeated that in Fremont and whatever. But now with Berlin and Austin, we have new factories and new designs? And there's always challenges as you said, Elon, with new designs and ramping that. But I think having teams in 3 locations or 3 continents, will definitely expand our ability and our capacity to grow more lines, rather than just having the one factory in Fremont that we had a year and a half ago.
Andrew Baglino: Yeah given concerns over cell's bottlenecking growth, our target is to grow cell supply ahead of the 50% year-on-year growth targets of the vehicle business, and also enable increased energy storage deployments.
Andrew Baglino: Speaking of which, from a raw materials perspective, we offer long-term contracts to secure our supply chain to also enable this growth. We're not just looking at the suppliers, but upstream from there.
Andrew Baglino: I think it's also important to comment that increasing the utilization of the network actually reduces our costs, which allows us to lower charging prices for our customers and make the network more profitable, allows us to grow the network faster. That's the good thing there. And then -- and no matter what, we're going to continue to aggressively expand the network capacity, increasing charging speeds, improving the trip planning tools to protect against site congestion using dynamic pricing, as Elon mentioned.
Andrew Baglino: On the reliability side, as Elon mentioned, we have successfully validated performance and the lifetime durability of the 4680 cells produced in Kato, and we're continuing ongoing verification of that reliability. We're actually accruing over 1 million equivalent miles on our cells that we produce every month. In our testing activities, the focus on that is very clear; we want high-quality cells for all of our customers. And yeah, we're just focused on the unlucky limiting steps in the facility. And with the engineers focused on those few steps remaining, we're going to break through as fast as possible.
Andrew Baglino: We'll have all the equipment installed to accomplish 100 gigawatt hours, and it's possible that by the end of the year, we will be at an annualized rate of 100 gigawatt hours by the end of the year.
Andrew Baglino: Yeah. And even to the large roller question, Elon, right. Like on the anode side, the large rollers work great, no concerns. And so we're just learning as we go. And the nice thing about having that facility on a fast-track like we had it, and we talked about it at Battery Day, was really de-risking the big factories here. And, yes, we've done and we've learned a lot. And with each successive iteration, the ramp up and the equipment installation will be faster and more stiff.
Andrew Baglino: I think the human capital growth though, having factories here, Berlin, Shanghai, Fremont, does a lot to, maybe not exponentially grow, but well, hopefully --
Andrew Baglino: We commented on it today, already actually, but in the facility at Kato, over 90% of the processes have demonstrated rate there, but we are limited by the unlucky few that have not. And that's what we're working on. One of them that Elon mentioned was running the full-scale [Indiscernible] calendar. We're working through some improvements that we need to make to that equipment and to the actual raw material itself to not have those limitations.  But again, it's an engineering problem. It's not a question of if, it's a question of when. On the mixing side, we haven't actually really had any challenges specific to your question. Fundamentally, we're still happy with the dry process direction, in terms of the factory footprint, complexity, utility, consumption, space, and overall complexities and implication.
Andrew Baglino: Yeah, and there is an end where we are engaging with the suppliers that we've had good partnerships with on 4680 designs to enable that duplication; so far so good. They are working on -- they're bringing their core competencies to bear on that. We're not mandating like what's going on inside, but it's been a good collaboration.
Elon Musk: Yeah. It's worth [Indiscernible], like if you have a target of a certain number, that doesn't mean it happens like as sure as night follows day. It's a target. So if there is some calamity in the world, that interrupts the supply chain, then it will be less. But these contracts that we have with cell suppliers call for roughly a doubling of cell supply to Tesla in 2022. And we have to juggle these exponential -- it's a whole bunch of exponential graphs overlaying on top of each other. And small changes in where you are on the x-axis of time can quite substantially change the area under the curve.  So what we're thinking of doing, depending on -- is basically overshooting on cell supply for vehicles, and then as we have say excess cell supply in one month or another, then routing that so outputs to the Megapack and Powerwall. Well, by the same token, if we're prioritizing vehicle production, if there's a shortage of cell upward from some reason then we will throttle down Megapack and Powerwall production. So that it could be something's got to give, basically.
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly. There is a tremendous amount of inertia in the supply chain. So if we said to the supplier, we want you to double cell output. Well, even doing that in a year, it's very difficult. And then that system has a tremendous amount of momentum. It is like a [plethora] (ph) of supertankers. It's insane.
Elon Musk: Yes. As mentioned, things will move as fast as the slowest part in the entire supply chain, which goes all the way back to raw materials, Lithium and Nickel and that kind of thing. And there's somehow a misconception that Tesla uses a lot of Cobalt, but we actually don't. Apple uses I think almost 100% Cobalt in their batteries in cellphones and laptops.  But Tesla uses no Cobalt in our iron phosphate [packs] (ph), and almost none in the nickel-based chemistries. On a weighted average basis, we might use 2% Cobalt compared to say Apple's 100% Cobalt. Anyway, it's really just not a pack that we expect to basically have 0 cobalt in the future.  I do -- I think probably there is a long-term shift more in the direction of iron-based, lithium-ion cells, rather, over nickel. As the energy density of iron [Indiscernible] iron phosphate, might as well support iron phosphates taken for granted. But iron-based cells, lithium-ion cells, and nickel-based lithium-ion cells. I think probably we'll see a shift -- my guess is probably to 2/3 iron, 1/3 nickel or something on that order. And this is actually good because there's plenty of iron in the world. There's an insane amount of iron, but Nickel is -- there's much less Nickel, and there's way less Cobalt. So it is good for relieving the long-term scaling to move to iron-based cells, mostly.  And I think long-term, possibly all -- there's a good chance that all stationary storage that is Powerwall and Megapack, move to iron. This is most likely the case, since you do not need to transport it, and there's lesser volume [Indiscernible] constraint with stationary storage. So then nickel would be for -- would be really for long range road transports, ships, and aircraft, and that kind of thing.
Elon Musk: Yes. We're currently thinking it's a real simple thing where you just download the Tesla app and you go to Supercharger. And you just indicate which stall you're in. You plug in your car, even if it's not Tesla. And then you just access the app and say, turn on this stall that I'm in for how much electricity. And this should basically work with almost any manufacturer's cars. There will be time constraints.  If the charge rate is super slow, then somebody will be charged more because the biggest constraint at the Supercharger is time, how occupied is the stall. And we'll also be smarter with how we charge for electricity at the Supercharger, so rush hour charging will be more expensive than what car is charging because there are times when the Superchargers are empty and times when they're jam packed. And so it makes sense to have some time-based discrimination.
Elon Musk: Yeah, exactly. In Europe and China and most parts of the world, it's the same connector for everyone, so this is a fairly easy thing to do. We developed our own connector, which, in my opinion is actually the best connector, it's small and light and looks good; up to our standard. So we developed our own connector, which, in my opinion, it's actually the best connector. It's small and light and looks good. So an adapter is needed to work for EVs in North America. But people could buy this adapter. And we anticipate having it available at the Superchargers as well if people don't sort of steal them or something.
Elon Musk: Okay. So that's constraint on [Indiscernible] thing. That's basically a vestige of history. But I think we do want to emphasize that it is our goal, to support the advent of sustainable energy, it is not to create a wolf garden and use that to bludgeon our competitors, which is sometimes used by some companies.
Elon Musk: Yeah. Obviously, in order for this to be -- for the Supercharger to be useful to other car companies' cars, we need to grow the network faster than we're growing vehicle output, which is not easy. We're growing vehicle output at a hell of a rate. So Superchargers need to grow faster than vehicle output. This is a lot of work for the Superchargers team, but it is only useful in the grand scheme of things. Just only useful to the public if we're able to grow faster than Tesla vehicle output. That is our goal.
Elon Musk: Really -- this is not -- we'll definitely make the 4680 reliable enough for vehicles, and we, I think, are at the point where, in limited volume, it is reliable enough for vehicles.
Elon Musk: Again, going back to limited production is easier, prototype production is easy but high-volume production is hard. There are a number of challenges in transitioning from a small scale production to a large volume production. And not to get too much into the reason of things, but right now, we have a challenge with basically what's called calendaring, or basically squashing the cathode, with material to a particular height.  So it just goes through these rollers and gets squashed like pizza dough, basically. And -- but very hard pizza dough. And the -- it's causing -- it's denting the calendar rolls. This is not something that happened when the calendar rolls were smaller, but it is happening when the calendar rolls are bigger. So it's just like -- we were like, okay, we weren't expecting that.
Elon Musk: Meantime, we have a massive amount of equipment on order and arriving, for the high-volume cell production in Austin and Berlin. But obviously, given what we've learned with the pilot plant, which is in Fremont. which is really quite a big plant by most standards. We will have to modify a bunch of that equipment, so it won't be able to start immediately. But it seems like, correct me if I'm wrong, but we think, most likely, we will hit an annualized rate of a 100 GWh a year, sometime next year.
Elon Musk: My guess is more likely than not, above 50% of reaching 100 gigawatt hours a year by the end of next year on the annualized rate, something like that. It could shift by a little bit, but as Drew mentioned, nothing fundamental, just a lot of work.
Elon Musk: Yeah, I guess that I'll do an interview. I mean [Indiscernibl]. If I'm doing interviews tonight I can't do actual other work. Only so much time in the day. But yeah, I'll do it once. I won't do it annually, but I'll do it once. I think also that this is the Until the last time I'll do earnings calls, but this is the -- I will no longer speak, default, during earnings calls. So obviously I'll have to do the annual shareholder meeting s that, I think going forward, I will most likely not be on earnings calls unless there's something really important that -- that I need to say.
Elon Musk: I think Cybertruck ramp will be difficult because it's such new architecture. It's going to be a great product. It might, I think be our best product ever. But there's a lot of fundamentally new design ideas in the Cybertruck. Nobody's ever really made a car like this before. A vehicle like this before. So there will probably be challenges because there's so much unexplored territory.
Elon Musk: Well, like I said that I think we might be the fastest growing Company in history for any launched manufactured item. Those who have not actually been involved in manufacturing ramp up just have no idea how painful and difficult it is. It's like you got to eat a lot of glass. And for our manufacturing ramp, it's hard.
Elon Musk: Yeah, I mean, for Shanghai, it's an incredible team built the factory in 9 months but it took longer than -- longer than building the factory. It took longer than that to actually reach volume production -- a high volume production. It took about a year. And when you put a factory in a new geography, in order for that factory to be efficient, you have to localize the supply chain. So there's no such thing as cut and paste. It does not exist. And it would obviously be insane to do vehicle production in Europe and send vast numbers of parts from North America.  That would be -- that would make the producing in Europe, for example, just crazy. You got to look like the supply chain s have efficiency and then you're moving as fast as your least lucky, least good supplier. Yes. So these supply-chains we go like 3 or 4 layers deep. Frankly, I feel at times that we are inheriting all force majeure of Earth. So if anything goes wrong anywhere on Earth, something happens to mess up the supply chain. Yeah.
Elon Musk: Yeah. It's also -- it takes a while to hire old people and train old people to operate a factory. A factory is like a giant cybernetic collective. And you can't just hire 10,000 people and have them work instantly. It's not possible. I really encourage more people to get involved in manufacturing. I think, especially in the U.S., this has just not been an area where all that many smart people have gone into. I think U.S. has an over-allocation of talent in finance and law. It's both a criticism and a compliment. I'm not saying we shouldn't have people in finance and law, I'm just saying if there might be -- maybe we have too many smart people in those arenas. Me. So --
Elon Musk: Yeah, manufacturing is great. It's very [Indiscernible], and obviously, you can't have stock unless someone makes it. That's how you get stock. Yeah.
Elon Musk: Yeah, we don't have a lot of ideas on this to be frank. Really, Full Self-Driving is the main thing. Things are obviously headed towards fully autonomous electric vehicle in the future. And I think tells us Tesla is well-positioned and in fact is the leader objectively, in this -- in both of those arenas, electrification and autonomy. It's always [Indiscernible] strike to find analogies, but with other companies, whatever [Indiscernible] Really, the value of a fully electric autonomous fleet is generally gigantic; boggles the mind really. So that will be one of the most valuable things that is ever done in the history of civilization.
Elon Musk: Yeah, it's not worth commenting on right now, it's not meaningful. We really need Full Self-Driving, at least the Beta to be widely available so anyone who wants it can get it. Otherwise, it'll be pointless to read anything into where things are right now.
Elon Musk: At least in the U.S. we don't see regulation as the fundamental limiter. We've obviously got to make it work and then demonstrate that the reliability is significantly in excess of the average human driver for it to be allowed -- use it without paying attention to the road. But I think we have a massive fleet. It will be, I think, straightforward to make the arguments on statistical grounds, just based on the number of interventions, especially in events that would result in a crash. At scale, it will have billions of miles of travel to be able to show that it is the safety of the car with Autopilot on is a 100% or 200% or more safer than the average human driver.  At that point, I think would be unconscionable to not to allow autopilot because the car just becomes way less safe. It would be like "shake the elevator" analogy. Back in the day, we used to have elevator operators with a big switch that -- and they were to operate the elevator and move between floors. But they get tired or maybe drunk or something or distracted and every now and again, somebody would be kind of sheared in half between floors.  That's kind of the situation we have with cars. Autonomy will become so safe that it will be unsafe to manually operate the car relatively speaking. And today [Indiscernible] just get in an elevator where we press the button for which floor we want and it just takes us there safely. And it would require alarming if those elevators were operated by a person with a giant switch. That's how we it would be with cars.
Elon Musk: Yes, it's really difficult for us to make specific predictions is very difficult. I think we felt confident of, say at least a few percent growth year-over-year next year. And maybe it's a 100%, but that's -- we need a lot of crystal balls to figure out exactly what it's going to be. And it is literally impossible to make a specific prediction. But at least 50, maybe a 100, something like that.
Elon Musk: So it's like -- just like people don't think like this is like the Messiah or something, wet versus dry reduces. To dry is like 10% less cost than wet. So it's not 10% slow, nothing to sneeze at, especially if you're making hundreds of GWh a year. But it's not the Messiah, basically.
Elon Musk: Yeah. We are in fact working with our existing suppliers to produce 4680 format cells. And this is just a guess right now. But I see us consolidating around a 4680 nickel-based structural pack and -- for long-range vehicles, and then not necessarily a 4680 format, but some other format for iron-based cells. So right now, we kind of have the Baskin Robbins of batteries situation, where there's so many formats and so many chemistries, that it's like we've got like 36 flavors of battery at this point.  This is just -- this results in an engineering drag coefficient where each variants of cell chemistry and format requires as to an amount of engineering to maintain it and troubleshoot and this inhibits our forward progress. So it is going to be important to consolidate to maybe -- ideally 2, 4 factors, maybe 3, but ideally 2. And then just 1 nickel chemistry and 1 iron chemistry and -- so we don't have to troubleshoot so many different variants.
Elon Musk: Yeah. We do expect to see significant increases in supply from our existing suppliers in addition to the cells that Tesla's making. So it's both. Sometimes I get questions from our cell suppliers with like, are we going to make all the cells ourselves? We're like, no, please make as many as you possibly can and supply them to us. We have a significant unmet demand in stationery storage. Megapack is basically sold out through the end of next year, I believe.
Elon Musk: We have a massive backlog in Powerwall demand that man to Powerwall versus production is an insane mismatch. Now part of that problem is also the semiconductor issue. So we used a lot of the same chips in the Powerwall as you do in a car, so it's like, which one do want to make? Cars or Powerwalls? So we need to make cars, so that will -- Powerwall production has been reduced.  But as the semiconductor shortage is alleviated, then we can massively we ramp up Powerwall production. I think we have a chance of hitting an annualized rate of a million units of Powerwall next year, maybe towards on the order of 20,000 a week. But again, dependent on cell supply and semiconductors. But in terms of demand, I think there's probably demand for in excess of 1 million Powerwalls per year. And actually just a vast amounts of the Megapacks for utilities as well as transitions to a sustainable energy production.  Solar and wind are intermittent and by their nature really need battery packs in order to provide a steady flow of electricity. And when you look at all the utilities in the world, this is a vast amount of batteries that are needed. That's why in the long-term we really think -- sort of combined Tesla and suppliers need to produce at least 1,000 GWh a year, and maybe 2,000 GWh a year.
Elon Musk: Okay. What you are asking, like if the FSD tech rate is too expensive and that's why we're doing subscription? Or -- I'm not sure if I understand your question correctly.
Elon Musk: Yeah. I mean, any given price is going to be wrong, so we'll just adjust it over time as we see the value proposition makes sense to people. So we're just really -- I'm not thinking about this a lot right now. We need to make Full Self-Driving work in order for it to be a compelling value proposition. Otherwise, people are betting on the future.  Like right now, does it makes sense for somebody to do FSD subscription? I think it's debatable. But once we have Full Self-Driving widely deployed, then the value proposition will be clear. And at that point, I think basically everyone will use it or it could be rare -- a rare individual who doesn't.
Martin Viecha: Yeah. We've been doing that and it's been working and people are responding. It helps with utilization.
Martin Viecha: Thank you very much. And the third question is, Elon said 4680 cells aren't reliable enough for vehicles. Is this referring to cycle life degradation, or something else? Please update us on progress of 4680s and what is still needs to be done to make them reliable enough for vehicles.
Martin Viecha: Alright, thank you very much. And the last question from retail is from Emmett. Can Elon do an interview with one of our YouTube channels once or twice a year? I would nominate David Lee on Investing or Rob Maurer's Tesla Daily channels as first possible candidates.
Martin Viecha: Okay. Thank you very much for your help. And I think that's all the time we have for today. Thanks for all your questions and we'll speak to you again in 3 months time. Have a good day, everyone.
