Elon Reeve Musk: All right. Thank you. I think the most important point here that we want to make is that we're advancing the Model 3 build plan substantially, and just the overall volume plan, with Tesla aiming to get to the half million unit per year run rate in 2018 instead of 2020. And this is based off of the tremendous [amount of interest] received for the Model 3, which I think is actually a fraction of the ultimate demand once people fully understand what the car's capable of and are able to do a test drive. So this is probably the biggest change strategically. Also, Tesla is going to be hell-bent on becoming the best manufacturer on earth. Thus far, I think we've done a good job on design and technology of our products. The Model S and X I think are generally regarded by very critical judges as technologically the most advanced cars in the world. And so I think they've done well in that respect. The key thing we need to achieve in the future is to also be the leader in manufacturing. We take manufacturing very seriously at Tesla. It's the thing that we need to obviously solve if we're going to scale and scale rapidly and make the cars more affordable. So I really want to sort of send the message out there to the best manufacturing people in the world, we want you to come join our company. And that is going to be the primary focus of Tesla, is how do we get super-good at making large, complex objects? So that's I think the most salient point. It's easy to get wrapped up in like a bunch of sort of short-term issues, but I think in terms of what matters for the future, I think that's the most significant thing. Overall, on the short-term stuff, our quarter-over-quarter stuff I think has improved quite significantly. I've seen Model X production increase by a factor of five from Q4 to Q1, and we continue to make huge strides in volume and quality of the vehicle. And I'm personally spending an enormous amount of time on the production line. My desk is at the end of the production line. I have a sleeping bag in a conference room adjacent to the production line, which I use quite frequently. The whole team is super-focused on achieving rate and quality at the target cost. So I felt very confident in us achieving that goal. And with the increase in ramp, we do feel comfortable affirming the 89,000 deliveries this year. So, I think the rate of improvement with each passing day is very significant. I'd like to sort of thank Greg Reichow, who was our head of production for tremendous contribution over the last five years. Contrary to some media reports, Greg is still at Tesla. He is still with the company, and he is helping with the transition to some new leadership. And we have some I think exciting announcements coming in the next, possibly the next few weeks about additions to the Tesla management team on the production side. So I'm feeling really, really excited about where things are headed in that direction. All right. With that, let's go to questions.
Elon Reeve Musk: Sure. So with the Model 3, as I mentioned on the last earnings call, we're really trying to take a lot of lessons learned from Model X, where Model X, we put a lot of bells and whistles on Model X and a lot of advanced technologies that weren't necessary for version one of the vehicle. And with Model 3 we're being incredibly rigorous about ensuring that we don't have anything that isn't really necessary to make a very compelling version one of the car. We also have a much tighter feedback loop between design engineering, manufacturing engineering, and production. And so no element of Model 3 can be approved unless manufacturing has said that this is easy to manufacture and that the risk associated with manufacturing it is low. There are many ways to skin a cat, and it's remarkable how you can achieve a single objective with a hugely varying degree of difficulty. You can sort of take the analogy and say, if you wanted to kill a fly, you can kill a fly with a thermonuclear weapon, you can with a Moab, with a cruise missile, with a machine gun, or a fly swatter. So the end result is the same, but the difficulty is considerably more significant from one to the other and the collateral damage is considerably more significant. So having production be really fundamental to the design of the Model 3 I think is very important and then making sure we're not adding extraneous features to the 3 that aren't necessary to achieve the production volume is also extremely important. At the risk of this being misinterpreted, and probably there will be some number of articles that do, I think it's worth explaining sort of how manufacturing a complex object with several thousand unique components actually works. And what date's relevant and – in order to achieve volume production of a new car with several thousand unique items, you actually have to set a target date internally and with suppliers that is quite aggressive. And that is a date that has to be taken seriously. So like the date, because I'm sure this will leak it's hard to keep a secret, really. The date we are setting with suppliers to get to a volume production capability with the Model 3 is July 1 next year. Now, will we actually be able to achieve volume production on July 1 next year? Of course, not. The reason is that even if 99% of the internally produced items and supplier items are available on July 1, we still cannot produce the car because you cannot produce a car that is missing 1% of its component. Nonetheless, we need to both internally and with suppliers take that date seriously, and there needs to be some penalties for anyone internally or externally who does not meet that timeframe. This has to be the case, because there's just no way that you have several thousand components, all of whom make it on a particular date. So the reality is that the volume production will then be some number of months later as we solve the supply chain and internal production issues. But it is a bit of a confusing thing, and it does create some churn, because people are like, well, what's the real date? It's like, you have to take the July 1 date seriously in order for some date a few months later or some number of months later to actually be the real date. So, yeah, that's actually how it has to work. So in order for us to be confident of achieving volume production of Model 3 by late 2017, we actually have to set a date of mid-2017 and really hold people's feet to the fire internally and externally to achieve an actual volume production date of late 2017. So as a rough guess, I would say we would aim to produce 100,000 to 200,000 Model 3s in the second half of next year. That's my expectation right now. Yeah, so that's the thing. Now what I would say to anyone that is thinking about ordering a Model 3, now is a good time to actually place your reservation or place the order, because you don't have to worry about placing your order and receiving it five years from now. If you place your order now, there's a high probability you will actually receive your car in 2018. So I'd really recommend that anyone who wants to receive their car in 2018 place their order very soon.
Elon Reeve Musk: It's always tempting for people to reason by analogy instead of first principles. And that would be the mistake of assuming that anything to do with the X production has bearing on Model 3. They are very different programs with completely different approaches. So I would not try to extrapolate from that any more than it would've made sense to extrapolate from the Roadster that when we were making 600 cars a year to 20,000 cars a year with the Model S. So in the Roadster case we went from making 600 cars a year in 2010 where Lotus made the body and chassis, we made the powertrain and we did final assembly. It was a far simpler car than the Model S. We tell people we're going to do 20,000, get to around 20,000 cars a year with the Model S despite it being a vastly more complicated car and a car where we made the whole car and not just the powertrain. If you were to extrapolate from the Roadster experience, you would be completely wrong about the Model S outcome, and many people were. That's why I would say X is not relevant. As far as the increased capital raise, well, obviously if you double your plan volume, you can't expect the capital to stay the same. I think our capital efficiency will actually improve on a per-car basis, but obviously it can't stay the same.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. We're trying to comment on individual component costs, and that's fairly proprietary. It's kind of like giving away our playbook. But I think it's pretty obvious that we will exceed anyone else in the world in scale economies with the Gigafactory, and we're very confident in Panasonic's ability to execute on that front. So I just don't know anyone who in terms of intrinsic cost is going to be close to what the Gigafactory can produce on a cost per kilowatt hour basis.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, I mean, I think our sort of operating leverage means sort of fixed cost relative to our variable cost is going to improve dramatically as you get volume up.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I mean, my desk has frequently been in the factory. This is not some new thing. On the Model S ramp, my desk was also in the middle of the factory at the start of the body line for a year. So I move my desk around to wherever the most important place is for the company. And then I sort of maintain a desk there over time to sort of come and check in on things. But I mean, I suspect probably by the end of this quarter, most of my time will not be spent on the factory floor.
Elon Reeve Musk: No, I think we are actually going to increase the amount of vertical integration that we have. I think it's very important for us to have the ability to produce almost any part on the car at will because it alleviates risk with suppliers going back to like where if 2% of supplies is not ready we can't make the car. Having the ability internally to adapt and make that 2% of parts internally it really massively reduces risks associated with the production ramp. That, I think, is a very important thing. Now once, like if we get to steady state, and maybe we talk to a supplier and they can do a very efficient job of making that part, we have no problem transitioning it from in-source to outsource. Our goal is not to in-source for the sake of in-sourcing, but rather to in-source if we think that it has meaningful improvement on schedule, or cost or quality. And, I mean, one of the challenges we face is that for a lot of supply chains, they are impedance-matched to the timeframe of the big OEMs, and Tesla just moves a lot faster than the big OEMs. And so if the impedance matched to a typical sort of like a six-year development cycle, and we are on a two or three-year development cycle, it just doesn't connect properly. Some suppliers can handle that and some can't.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, from an engineering standpoint, we are already almost complete with the design of Model 3. And in fact, the prototype that was driving at the [Motor Event] at the end of March was actually using the production drivetrain. So I think we feel pretty good about engineering completion of the last items probably within six to eight weeks, thereabouts. And so we're sort of completing the final release for tooling no later than the end of June. That sort of leaves roughly nine months for the tools you manufacture, which I think is an achievable timeframe. [Get] some suppliers, but it's an achievable timeframe. If you can have – you can create a human baby in nine months, you can pretty much make a tool in nine months. So that's our expectation. So then we want to have parts of production tooling starting in April next year. Still we've got three months of validation for a normal start of volume production in July. Again, it's a nominal start, and it's a date that we internally take seriously and that suppliers need to take seriously. But it is one where inevitably there will be some small number of items that cause slippage such that the actual date of reaching volume production is some number of months after that. This is simply in the nature of things. It's unavoidable. And so that's – and if you could tell me what those parts would be, we would be able to take action now. It's easiest what these things are in hindsight but not in advance. And sometimes there are things you don't expect to be a problem. So Tesla is a large, complex business. I don't want to comment on too specifically on Senior Exec hires.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yes. Again, I sort of want to emphasize some comments that I made earlier in the earnings call, which is Tesla is really hell-bent on being the world's best at manufacturing. Like this is a big deal. And I think it's the right thing to do because what we're trying to do is get as many electric cars on the road as possible. And what's the limiting factor? Well, it's production. Like how can we scale and scale efficiently? And so we need to get to – we need to figure out how to be the world's best manufacturing and that's what we're going to be hell-bent on doing.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I mean, I think you've pretty much asked the question and then answered it. Data is everything really when you're trying to solve the autonomous transport problem. And having millions of miles per day of data accumulating and then as the fleet grows that grows proportionate to the fleet is incredibly helpful. I mean, I think really, and particularly as we go to, say, kind of in the long term kind of fully autonomous driving, which I think is going to, I mean, that's going to require quite a lot of regulatory oversight, and I think in order for regulators to be comfortable approving that they are going to want to see a very large amount of data, I mean, maybe billions of miles showing that the car is unequivocally safer in autonomous mode compared to manual mode in a wide range of circumstances in countries all around the world with different rules of the road and ways of behavior. And it'll have to be something statistically significant like billions of miles.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I already feel like – I mean, Tesla will argue for autonomous driving, but we're not going to argue against manual driving. And I believe people should have the freedom to choose to do what they want to do. And, yes, sometimes those things are dangerous but freedom is important. And if people want to drive, even if it's dangerous, they should be allowed to drive in my view. But then the autonomous safety systems should be in there such that even if you're in manual mode, the car will still aid you in avoiding an accident.
Elon Reeve Musk: Not yet. Maybe in one or two earnings calls from now I think we'll be able to shed more light on that. But, yeah, as JB was saying, we're going to make sure Tesla Energy is not constrained by vehicle needs. And I think the growth rate of Tesla Energy is on a percentage basis only going to be far greater than the growth rate in cars.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, again, I want to emphasize that the July 1 date is not a date that will actually be met. It's an impossible date. However, it's a date we need to hold ourselves to internally and we need to hold suppliers to. But it is an impossible date because there are 6,000, 7,000 unique components in the Model 3 and that would assume that all of them arrive on time. And just like a college term paper, there are always late term papers. But you still have to have a deadline, and it needs to be real, and one with consequences if the deadline is not met. But it absolutely will not – the probability of it is occurring is incredibly low of actually achieving it on July 1 but nonetheless, it's a date we have to take seriously. I explained that with some risk of this being misinterpreted but hopefully you'll appreciate that I am trying to explain how it needs to work and kind of has to work that way. There's no other way to do it. And the things that help us get there are designing Model 3 for manufacturing with engineering, manufacturing engineering and production and supply chain, all in a very closed loop and making sure that we design the car to easy to make, that we iterate with suppliers and ask them if we're giving them a design that's easy to make or one that's hard to make, or how do we make it, how do we reduce risk and improve it and make it easier to build? This is really fundamentally different from S and X. The S was the first car we really designed ourselves, and it was all about just trying to make the car work in the first place. X was basically built off of the S platform, but then even more complicated, so unfortunately even harder to make. The Model 3 is the first car Tesla is creating that is designed to be easy to make. This is really a fundamental difference. And then I mentioned also increasing the scope of our in-house abilities so that if there is a supplier that is unable to deliver on time, we can scramble fast and produce that component in house.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I don't think we want to rely too much on customer reservation money as a source of capital. Maybe there is a buffer or something, but it's not as a primary source of capital. So yeah, I mean, I think it's going to make sense for us to raise some amount of money, some combination of equity and debt and make sure the company has a good buffer of cash on hand. I think it's important for de-risking the company.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. And I think most people are familiar with asset-backed line, but it's important to say like why is that different from like general debt. Unlike other automotive companies, Tesla doesn't ship to dealers. We ship to customers. So we build the cars to order, the car is complete, and it's going to a known customer. So really the only risk associated with that is if like the ship sinks or something or the truck that's carrying the cars crashes. But the ABL is – the asset-backed line is basically finished goods in transit to known customers. It's not like general corporate debt. It's, I think more appropriately thought of as, a slight increase in cost of goods sold.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. So we'll be asking for some commitments from suppliers to meet that timeframe and I'm meeting personally with the team from that supplier, who is going to execute on the task, so that I have not just the commitment of the CEO or general manager of that supplier, but the actual team that will execute on the product, and we want to confirm that we feel confident in the actual team. And basically what we're asking for are the A team from the A supplier and a commitment from that A team that they intend to work harder than they ever have on any other program. And if they are willing to do that, then we'll work together, otherwise not.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yes. So along the way, we will be assessing progress and our confidence level that suppliers will meet the July 1 target. If it looks like they will not, we'll have a conversation with them. If our comfort level drops below a certain level, they will not be a supplier to Tesla.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, first of all, it's worth emphasizing that the whole dealership thing only applies in the U.S. We don't encounter that issue anywhere else in the world. And what's happening is that dealers are using kind of vestigial legislation that was originally put in for a just purpose, which is to protect them from predatory practices from the franchisor, and then using it for an unjust purpose, which is to prevent direct distribution. We believe that in the long term justice will prevail.
Elon Reeve Musk: It's better to say like our 2020 target for volume is closer to maybe close to 1 million vehicles in 2020 or something like that.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, actually – one point worth mentioning is that we're fairly worried about what would happen with the Model 3 announcement. Would it cause some big drop in, say, Model S sales? It seems to have had the opposite effect. It seems as though S demand has increased. It has...
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I mean, I'd say our plans for international expansion and establishment of new plants are sort of speculative. We haven't made any firm decision. But I mean, some of the things are just sort of common sense that manufacturing cars in California and then shipping them all around the world is not a very efficient thing to do, particularly as you go to more affordable vehicles. So, at some point, it's going to make sense to have a plant in Europe and a plant in China, and probably plants in other parts of the world. So that's kind of natural thing you'd expect. It's like it wouldn't make sense to ship cars from California to Europe or California to Asia.
Elon Reeve Musk: In those volumes. It's just not an efficient way to go. And particularly as we saturate on Fremont volume in terms of satisfying demand in North America, I think just to satisfy demand in North America for our future product lineup, we're going to need more than one plant in North America just to satisfy North American demand.
Elon Reeve Musk: I don't think we'll be raising money for new factories before we're at volume production of the Model 3. And as Jason was saying earlier, we'll really try to find as much of this as possible from operating cash flow.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. So, I mean, I feel confident that we're going to hit the 2,000 vehicle a week target by the end of this quarter, of which on the order of 40% are X. I'm just telling you that's our internal plan and what we expect to meet. There's no question the X is a very difficult car to manufacture. I think it's unquestionably actually the most difficult car to manufacture in the world, and Bob Lutz would agree with that. I think he said something to the effect that he thought it wasn't manufacturable or something like that. I mean, it's certainly manufacturable. It's just a hard thing to go for. So, I mean, we have some internal milestones that I think we've achieved thus far that I'm pretty excited about. Friday at 3 a.m. we achieved our first flawless production of the Model X, where we went through the whole production process and had zero issues. That was a great milestone. Still celebrating with the 2 a.m. and 3 a.m. Friday. It was great. And now we are starting to get several in a row that are flawless and so it's really gaining momentum very quickly. We feel pretty good about the trajectory of S and X. As for convincing all the naysayers, I think that will basically be never. and I would just say like what I find ironic about a lot of the naysayers is that they – the very same people will transition from saying it was impossible to saying it was obvious. I am like, wait a second. Was it obvious or impossible? It can't be both.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I mean, we aren't going to get into real specifics on battery pack size, but I think it's fair to say that the average battery pack size for the 3 will be less than 75 kilowatt hours. That's...
Elon Reeve Musk: The average energy content of a 3 pack is certainly going to be less than 75 kilowatt. It doesn't clearly need to be anywhere near 75 kilowatt to achieve the range of 215 miles. But we don't want to get into the nitty-gritty. It's probably unwise. Yeah.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I mean, obviously if we're saying that Tesla will have total vehicle production of on the order of 500,000 cars in 2018, it would have to be more than sort of two years to get there. So, now, just sort of another maybe better education about production ramps is production ramps look like an S-curve. It is extremely difficult to predict with precision the early part of the S-curve. So because in the early part of the S-curve, you have, it sort of starts off very slow and then it increases exponentially, it moves to a linear, and then moves to a logarithmic. So, really, it's very difficult to predict exactly what the shape of that S-curve is, and that's where things get tricky because you end up putting quarterly results kind of bracketing somewhere on that S-curve, and depending upon where you are on that S-curve, it can actually look like a big difference. But actually it could be a shift of a few weeks because of the exponential nature of the beginning of the S-curve.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I mean, we're highly confident that it can be made profitably and the design manufacturing and economies of scale are really the keys to achieving that outcome. Yeah, I think GM is not aiming for anything near the volumes that we are, and so they're – I mean despite being a big company, their economies of scale are going to be driven by whatever elements are unique in their EV. And we know for a fact that they will not get the economies of scales that we will be at for Model 3.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I mean I don't think we've got like an amazing crystal ball to figure out exactly what it's going to be. But I mean I feel confident about the top line number, but the mix internally is – I mean it's difficult to figure that out. I mean, yeah, but maybe it's something like 100,000 to 150,000 S and X, and then 300,000 to 400,000 of 3. But this is, I don't know. It's really hard to say.
Elon Reeve Musk: I mean, the sort of scope of Tesla's activity is broader than SpaceX, and SpaceX is more of a pure technology company, and does not have the sort of sales service and kind of fleet management and customer financing and all that sort of stuff that Tesla has. Obviously, John's, John McNeill is taking that, has that role at Tesla, and then my focus is primarily on technology, design and manufacturing. So – but I think you certainly can expect that there will be announcements in the fairly near future about some great executives joining the ranks.
Elon Reeve Musk: I mean, that's my best guess. Over a half million in 2018, and then roughly 50%ish growth from there, then it's probably around 1 million in 2020.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I think it is actually feasible, maybe not advisable, but feasible to do it with just Fremont and the Gigafactory. We actually believe that Fremont and the Gigafactory could scale to a million vehicles. Whether that's actually wise is a separate question, and as I said earlier, it's going to make sense to do localized production at least on a continent basis. Otherwise your logistics costs end up being quite extreme. Your logistics cost start becoming a bigger and bigger percentage of total vehicle cost. I mean that's really why manufacturers build their cars for a local market. They'll build cars for a market in that market because logistics costs associated with shipping one-and-a-half to two ton vehicle are massively greater than, say, shipping a little consumer electronics device.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I mean, in response to your first question, I'm not – I mean, for sure, you'll appreciate. I mean, Apple and Google do not manufacture things themselves.
Elon Reeve Musk: Okay. Well, Tesla actually – Tesla believes strongly in making things. They do not. That's fine, it's a philosophical difference. We believe that manufacturing technology is itself subject to a tremendous amount of innovation, and in fact we believe that there is more potential for innovation in manufacturing then there is in the design of a car by a long shot. And so, now, this is just a philosophical difference. Perhaps we are wrong. But, in fact, we believe in manufacturing, and we believe that a company that values manufacturing as highly as we do is going to attract the best minds in manufacturing.
Elon Reeve Musk: We are certainly going to do our best to ensure that we have high confidence in the suppliers on the Model 3 program. Those that didn't perform very well on say prior programs are unlikely to be selected for the Model 3 program.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Yeah, if I might just add, I mean, you mentioned this briefly before, but the design of the vehicle lends itself to high-volume production very efficiently. And I think...
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Absolutely. And that's something that we're doing even today. Those designs are firming up. So this is something happening far, far ahead of time. And the second point would be the quality and the motivation of the suppliers involved in the program is...
Jeffrey B. Straubel: We've – I mean, as we've discussed previously, this is a small part of why the Gigafactory was – we accelerated some of our plans there. And we're still on track to have first cell production starting at the end of this year so that we'll be able to ramp up to match the Model 3 schedule as well.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Well, I think the simplest answer is that we have a lot more capacity at that site than the initial 35 and 15 gigawatt hours that we discussed. That's part of why we've so aggressively made sure that we have extra land and extra space around the site so that we can continue to expand. And we won't need to rob from Tesla Energy plans in order to meet the Model 3 schedule. We definitely have a way to solve both.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Yeah. And, I mean, I don't think it's probably – you probably don't need to fixate on the 35 gigawatt hours. We're planning the Gigafactory to meet the production needs of the energy that we know the cars will need. So there's not a problem in scaling that as we need to. So, obviously, internally we know the math and we know what we need to do and we're on track to do it.
Jason Wheeler: Yeah, this is Jason. I think when we updated our guidance on OpEx for the year a little bit in the letter, we talked about 20% last year and moving that range to 20% to 25% for 2016, so there's obviously going to need to be more OpEx at this. However, at the same time, you see how we improved quarter-over-quarter in terms of OpEx. We were down $12 million from Q4, down 3%, so there's a renewed focus in the halls here at Tesla. I'm making sure that we are managing costs extremely effectively. And all of our employees get that and are contributing to that.
Jason Wheeler: Yeah, absolutely. We talked a little bit about this on the call last quarter. The potential for operating leverage is massive with production scaling.
Jason Wheeler: Yeah, a couple of things there. So, one, we provided some bread crumbs, like we updated our CapEx guidance to – we had guided at $1.5 billion last quarter and we think it'll probably be 50% higher than that for 2016 into 2017.
Jason Wheeler: 1.5. And into 2017 we're not going to talk about that right now. But the other thing to pay attention to is our CapEx for this quarter was $216 million, which was a 47% decrease over Q4. A little bit of that is what we talked about last quarter were a lot of the big investments for Model X had already been made, but also we're just really focusing, as Elon has said, on capital efficiency and making sure that we are investing in the highest and best uses of cash. And I think those principles are what's going to guide the Model 3 program.
Jason Wheeler: Sure. I think you are thinking about it the right way, the way you've laid it out, and you can kind of use Model X and Model S and the ramp of capital for those programs as a way to think about Model 3. On the R&D piece of it, that is a big driver behind our updating of our range to 20% to 25% OpEx in 2016. So we'll start to see a little bit of that in the second half of this year, and then certainly some more into the first half of 2017.
Jason Wheeler: This is Jason. The only thing I'd add to that is we did draw $430 million on the ABL this quarter. A lot of that was we had a large amount of cash in transit at the end of the quarter. Our deliveries were a little bit back-end loaded. And as those cars were delivered in early April, we were able to pay a significant portion of that back.
Jason Wheeler: Sure. On that, so yeah, at least I don't want to go into the details of what we think the total capital cost is going to be for the Model 3 program, but certainly as we continue to ramp there's going to be more capital requirements of the company. That's just a fact. And ideally, I'd like to fund as much of that as possible with cash flow from operations. So that is really the focus that we have in the short term.
Jason Wheeler: Yeah. I think you saw the estimated number in the first quarter is 45% up year-over-year and that demand continues.
