Lyndon Rive: Yes, a few things went into Q1. So we actually created a specific slide associated with this. If you go to slide 11, so Nevada had an impact. It was a little over 20 megawatts. We have the standard seasonality which is about 17%, if you look at our historic performance. We also are changing what we are doing with commercial. So this is a really key thing. As you install commercial, specifically ground mounts, once we're done with the installation there's a lag from installation complete to when the utility may do the interconnection upgrade. So, it is not a normal interconnection. There may be some electrical component that they have to upgrade. That electrical component can take six to nine months. And so what we are doing is we're shortening the time schedule, so we are delaying the installations, pushing it in closer to when their electric upgrade will be done, so that working capital of holding these assets will be reduced. So what you can expect in terms of our commercial installations, they are going to be backend loaded. A lot of the bookings are ground mounts in the East Coast.  The other point is investment into sales and marketing. So in Q4, we were reducing the investment in sales and marketing. This is why our [COA] [ph] has come down. When we look at our portfolio, leads that come in, there is expensive leads and we have less expensive leads, and essentially we stopped buying expensive leads in anticipation that there was no extension of the ITC. Now of course with the ITC extension happening, we are now going to invest again to sales and marketing to make up that delta. But those are all the reasons why it is going from 272 to 180 in Q1.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, Just a little update on Silevo. So the building should be completed at the end of this quarter probably early Q2. We'll then start moving in equipment. As some of the equipment has longer lead time than we originally expected and so that equipment is going to arriving around Q2, Q3 next year. Because of that it will actually – the effect of that then we can delay the purchasing of some of the other equipment and so a lot of the CapEx or probably about half the CapEx are actually moving to 2017.
Lyndon Rive: Look, this is an industry which is – is always going to never – always remember right, if the price of power is given, the [indiscernible] kilowatt is given, so what really matters is your cost of financing and your cost to build. Right now we have the lowest cost to build and so when you break it all down that's what really matters and that's what we are focused on.
Lyndon Rive: Sure. Hey, Krish, thanks for the question. And really good question. So I don’t want to comment on pricing, specifically. One comment I would make is that I think we disclosed in the Analyst Day that some of these discount rates you talk about the assets would monetize up front somewhere about $3.2, $3.03 a watt, versus a cost structure of 2.7. So that's at $0.50, $0.60 bread. Also back to Patrick’s question that's a $050, $0.70 spread and that's really how we think about cash and spreads here. It’s more in terms of day one financing versus cost. So that's a $0.50 spread. Now the question is would we take lower? It just not right to speculate at this moment, but as the price that you're mentioning its north of $0.50 spread.
Lyndon Rive: So in terms of the last one Nevada, yes, we'll have to make it up and primary be on the East Coast in California and the yes it’s a guess that we make up we feel confident that we can make it up.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, I agree with you. So The key constraint here is the first part of the capital structure is the tax equity fund, tax equity fund, the first part and we have to wait for the tax equity to be fully deploy and close before we are able to apply a permanent capital structure long-term on these that sets that are behind cash equity funds. And so what we need to do is with our funding partners and tax equity partners to make smaller funds that can close and more regular basis and able to recycle the aggregation capital faster. That specifically the constraint right now around that and we're in active progress and active work going on that particular works team.
Lyndon Rive: Good question. We're obviously constantly working with our investment banks and working through optimal sizes. We've had really positive appetite from smaller and we've also had said feedback you got of bigger sizes. The problem thing which is – securitization you can put multiple tax equity funds like we have in our own [indiscernible] for example. We have for our five funds. The program is same which you need to - three or four of these funds to close and not being deployed to be able to securitize themselves as opposed to having one - one particularly very large within very fund which you close at the end-of-the-year then you cycle the capital there, better off having a series of smaller funds that you close every quarter and then recycle the capital there.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, the two biggest reasons will be commercial as well as East Coast growth. So when we're looking at these coast growth, the East Coast has lower PPA rate, but lot higher [indiscernible] it is a big part of our value.
Lyndon Rive: Remember the commercial process is significant, the ground mount [ph] in east coast that has some of these characteristics, the cost to build is significantly lower, so back to some of the questions about margins they are actually very, very similar.
Lyndon Rive: Sure, a couple questions there. One is in our letter on page 4 we are suggesting that they are $650 million in committed tax equity cash available and as I said on average $1.07 a watt, that’s 3, 400 megawatt committed tax equity capacity as of right now. And as you know, we are constantly into a beat business and we have two customers, we obviously have our customer [indiscernible] energy, as well as customers as we our customers to home sell deals and returns and we provide excellent customer service to both. And we've had repeat transactions with the bank the financial institutions and the corporate that provide us with tax equity. We expect that to continue, the relations that we formed are very strong. The assets that we put in the partnerships are performing at or better than expectations. We provide high-quality information and we're continuing to be in the market for our tax would be but we are not seen that dynamic for ourselves.
Lyndon Rive: That's a fair question. Here's my perspective which is what to want to make sure we do is we disclose the underlying cash flows of these assets. And so if you look at age five and the Analyst Day deck which then helped model these cash flows and then on page 5 we explicitly saying that we had [indiscernible] 22 megawatts of MyPower, the harvest [indiscernible] extracts that we are seeing for this particular asset classes, for this asset sorry, as well as the escalators and the specific economics of tax equity distribution, those specifics assets are in. So my perspective here is I would rather provide the cash flows and ensure very clearly transparent the cash they were generating and then the market determine discount rate. I think it is too hard for us to impose a discount rate, we use 6% because that's what we've used to historically. I think it is fine discount rate, but we also the cash flows and will also show the number 6%. The other comment I'll make is one of the next slide, we're actually showing sensitivity there and go we showed four, we showed six, we should eight and we're letting people make the decisions here.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, we had share going quite nicely and commercial. Now we are also learning with the growth one of the things we're learning and winning the hard and it seems to be too often is on forecasting when the projects will be completed. So we still committed to the space. We've got to improve our cycle time of capital on it but it generates value. Obviously -- cycle come down.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, just to elaborate a little bit more on what Tanguy just mentioned, we are in a unique position to be able to do the installation work ourselves because of our residential infrastructure because of that infrastructure we then have a lower cost structure for commercial. So we don’t want to like having this unique advantage it gives us clear path to being a dominant player in rooftop commercial.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, thank you for that Michael, good question, so there is two factors in there. One is the C&I by definition is lower in terms of dollars per watt. In terms of tax equity up from versus the residential business of that clearly drags it down. The size THAT we showed with the 3q numbers were almost exclusively residential, our 3Q vintage, so we decided all for 4Q. The other thing it does is that, these the megawatts we are deployed as the denominator enumerator the dollars that came in. So if you have a funding period in the first week of January that would obviously offset is. So on a like for like basis our residential in Q4 is the same as a regimental in Q3 and our commercial is lower.
Lyndon Rive: I think there is massive value in renewals to be clear, if you provide excellent customer service to a homeowner or building through long period of time, that service will renew over time. So I think there is massive value in the backend of the yield. Now, that said, having a yield focused investor understand that feels like something that might be a little bit more difficult or want to pay for that. And so we reserve full rights [indiscernible] we think the renew has massive value and at the same time we're saying that if your yield focused investor that when you really want to just cash your return it doesn’t feel like us – it feels right, separate out the ownership of the renewal from the ownership of the short term cash flow.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, that’s super question, look my general sense here is that if you think about solar, right, so origination – originating significant volume solar is regard and we are really good at that. Building these assets for underlying energy contracts, lows cost, safe high quality is really hard and extraordinary and that is the puzzle. The tax equity piece is a unique US legal complicated structure which is unique to solar and mostly unique to solar. In my mind best case scenario here is we offer white gloss to investors who is looking for cash yield and better that to with the complexity of tax equity. But my mind is where we of demise the returns, and our financing upfront. That said, if there's a sophisticated tax overall investor that has tax appetite and is looking to invest cash yield we could clearly work them and structure something in. What we're really, really good at is originating energy contracts for homeowners and workers - extraordinary at that. We are extraordinary in building this asset safe and low-cost and super high quality. The underlying coupon clipping ownership on a daily basis is something we don't think – but we think there is other people who are normally elected.
Lyndon Rive: Yes and be careful about looking at the EIAs data, I think, you just look at the data from the published rates and rate increases so at the analyst presentation went through the California rate increases in particular those are locked in and they are going to tier 1 to $0.15, $0.17 and that's - that's a real increase, just you know, significant.
Lyndon Rive: So let me take step back. There's a large number's on MyPower, so let me take a step back. So the monetization of the MyPower portfolio as you said was 5.9%, blended yield. That cleared $2.7, $2.8 per watt upfront. So our costs were $2.7. So from a cost 2.7 and clear 2.7, 2.8 upfront with MyPower from a development company perspective were cash flow neutral there. Now on top of that MyPower contracts is somewhere around $0.16, 1700 hours and so you're clearing $0.24, $0.25 per watt per year. And the 5.8% is not on - is only on the $2.8 we cleared and so that’s somewhere around $0.22, $0.22 per watt of interest and principal. And so the economics on MyPower are we get to.2.7, 2.8 upfront and then still get cash to equity every year, so that's economics and MyPower for us. From a homeowners perspective its 1.5% of loan which we refinanced separately, so I would not mix and match those two interest rate.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, I don’t think it’s fair that we describe what – which equipment is being delayed, and it has long lead time then initially expected. And so in terms of the dollar amount, I would expect a little less than a half of that we're moving to 2017.
Lyndon Rive: It was half of our – so think on our last K we gave 180 forecast and we expensed a bit of that, so I'd say its about $65 million, $70 million it goes into the following year.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, it had some effect for sure, I mean, this one day, the installation California, but we did a little bit planning for weather, as that’s what the main reason, but definitely had an effect.
Lyndon Rive: Again, I think this is it. Thank you very much for your time today and look forward to the follow up.
Tanguy Serra: Hey, thanks, Patrick. So, the multipart question as you said, if you look at our last year, it is easier to talk about last year. We cleared $2.73 per watt on all the watts that we deployed. That's cash that came into the company for each watt that we deployed. That's taking the cash in from the cash flow statement divided by the watts that we deployed. That's a true financed number that's coming in. That’s obviously about $1.70 of tax equity and $1 of debt, about 2.7. The debt as you know, the way we fund our business is, we originate these assets and then we put them into the aggregation facility, which are really long term maturities and don't have [indiscernible] repayments. Those feel pretty good. Then what we do is, we take the assets out of those aggregation facilities and either secure tie these assets or what we are doing right now, as we disclosed in the Analyst Day, is monetizing full value of these cash flows. These are the two things we are working on. Obviously, the SEC won't allow me talk about securitizations so we are not going to talk about it on this call. But the cash equity, we are positively surprised by the appetite in the market and I think there's been some press releases and research reports written about this asset class being generating significant appetite for not only us but for a number of solar players. We received multiple term sheets on that basis and we’re looking that through. That is a series of investors that are reasonably independent from day-to-day market movements. The other point, Patrick, I want to make which I think is really, really important which is, what we are really focused on is our cost structures. So our cost structure right now is at 2.7, and as you know panel prices and inverter prices in Q1 and Q2 are going to decline. So we're going see a decline in our cost and so what really matters is how much can you clear upfront to be able to finance that. And even if you assume higher cost, which we don't want, we will negotiate against. But even if you assume that higher cost, we're still clearing north of our costs, which is ultimately what matters here in this business to be cash flow positive.
Tanguy Serra: Yes. Absolutely. Again, just look at 2015, it was 2.7 that we raised versus the cost of 2.7 going into 2016. We think our costs are going to continue decline, and we think that the 2.7 did not have any full monetization cash flows, it was just our debt and securitization. If we include [indiscernible] cash flow, that mix effect will drag that number up.
Tanguy Serra: Sure, Vishal, I really apologize. The lawyers in the room are looking at me shaking there heads saying we just cannot talk about the securitization market right now. [Indiscernible]. I really apologize. I really would want to, but we can't. The only point I would make is if you look at our past track record on securitization it should actually be very good and we expect that track record to continue going forward. On the cash equity, look, obviously what we've done and I don't want to disclose too much here. But what we've done is - in the analyst presentation we laid out the full pro forma - the full actual cash flows that these assets generate on a unit basis. And the appetite that we are seeing in this market is for a diversified pool of assets, which includes a mix of states, totally typical of our portfolio, a mix of commercial, totally typical of our portfolio, and there's a real appetite for that exposure. And if you think about it, these are very, very high quality cash flows in US dollars. The energy bill of a homeowner or the energy bill of a very high quality commercial establishment so these are really, really high quality cash flows. We've got track record around [indiscernible], we've got track record on people moving and what happens there, we have track record around billing. We've got massive amounts of data from this company over last seven years on these assets. When we talk to investors who are looking for yield in US dollars, this is an asset class that really generates interest. We have seen there has been rumored or actual transactions in the space which we think are pretty [indiscernible]. The other thing I want to point to is the yieldcos, which is not perfectly comparable, never the less. These dividend yields are in the ballpark of what we talked about here.
Tanguy Serra: Yes. So the first part of the question is, these are super candidly, these are, you know how it is, which is when you're figuring out a new form of monetization here the last thing you want to put on timing pressure. That is not just good for anyone. So right now, these asset are in aggregation facilities that have long term maturities. So from a liquidity perspective there is no massive pressure to release these assets from there. As and when we like the pricing and we negotiate terms that we like and this is going to be a landmark deal for the industry, not just for us. We’ll let that happen. Again, I really don't want to put any timing pressure on the company by announcing something here. We received term sheets. We like what we are seeing. We are making progress but that's all I will commit to. To your second part the question, I think Lyndon answered upfront, which is the answer is yes, and we are going to stick to that.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, so that’s key, right, which is a significant portion of this [indiscernible] CapEx, so we've already incurred and you've can see in our financials to build out Fremont, a portion of [indiscernible] CapEx for New York can actually get pushed back. So it’s like you know, really important to recognize that and keep that in your mind. The second point is, round numbers, your math feels right, and the way I think about it is tax equity, I don’t really talk about forecast, the lawyers in the room are not going to let me but if you look historically our cost are coming down, so our cost are 2.7 and they already continuing coming down in 2016. And if you look at what we received historically it’s 1.7 of tax equity and another $1 of debt. So if you assume that growth continues going forward and you assume some cash equity to the mix that’s how you get to your funding sources.
Tanguy Serra: And with increased pricing across the country. And the other thing to recognize Philip is that, we still have capacity available in our aggregation facilities. We have about $200 million and as you know, one you can upsize that and two, as you recycling away out of that aggregation and you're increasing the amount of capacity going over there. So the - your math is right, and we're highly, highly focused on making sure we have that. The other point I'd say is that the – no, we didn’t say the solar bonds which have September maturity. There is a agreement to roll those over and so push that out in these two years in terms of maturity, which allows us to not have maturity in 2016.
Tanguy Serra: So first part, so I this is my first call as CFO, I like one quarter to make sure that I understand the forecast and take ownership of the revenue numbers a particular which are hard to forecast. And will be – and that going forward. So my bad, but it’s my first earnings call as CFO and I will take ownership going forward.
Tanguy Serra: Yes. I mean, really good point. I guess it wasn't for Nevada maybe we be in position that we could. I don't want to do it at the stage. We do have to make up that gap and still have growth. We are again investing into sales and marketing, so do sales and marketing cost to go up again in Q1, go but we are going to invest - to make up the gap.
Tanguy Serra: The other thing we are actively looking at is our commercial. And commercial in the ways right now we get paid that inspection and we have to either change that or reduce the time for our insulation to inspection and that's going to push our commercial insulation into Q3, Q4 primarily because of that change. We don't want to use working capital to wait for that interconnection. And once we are able to change that then of course then will bring it back in, but assuming the current funds don't change we are going to shorten the cycle and push more in Q3 and Q4.
Tanguy Serra: So please look at page four, you got the residential versus commercial mid, and so the numbers we provide on the deployed inspected basis, so the commercial moves out a little bit. So intricate we had very little inspected the point commercial and is coming through in 4Q and so the consequence mix on both price escalator are lower. On the like for like basic the residential is very, very similar and as Lyndon said earlier on a like for like it says on residential in Q1 this may find these pricing in Q1 which expect to see showing up in the numbers in 2Q, to Q3 as some of the systems get inspected.
Tanguy Serra: Well, just one point with highlighting and on the right, commercial is very broad statement and the margins - on the right commercial securitization and attractive flat roof when it tied ground mount, we have some videos on website around how we can do these. To assume the price of panel, assume the price of inverters, a 10 man crew can do 200 kilowatt job two or three days. So just assume the labor costs there, these numbers are very, very attractive. It is a segment we like. The issue would be as Lyndon said, forecasting these timeline that you have a five or 10-megawatt project that's one delayed, that’s moving hard for forecasting. But the fundamentally economics don't change.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, absolutely. Mexico is still going. We are installing megawatts there, we plan to probably launch residential offering in the next two quarters. Once that going then machine will start producing real megawatts. In terms of other international expansion we are still looking at the markets. We make sure that markets that we go into is a cash generating, high return and so maybe plan on one additional market at the end-of-the-year. It could be first into 2017.
Tanguy Serra: No. When we increased it we were very cautious in making sure we still have a value offering to the customer. So in most markets we still showing customers about 20% savings off the retail rates. So even with the increase still there we haven increase prices for a while, so there was a lot of movement. Just to set extension, its not - I don’t want people that think this is a massive increase, the blended rate is probably between have a $0.05 $0.75, $0.75 to the overall.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, I expect about – it start to be about 80/20, you are probably seeing maybe 25, 30 and for commercial for this year. The closure on that is expect commercial to have fairly large volumes in Q3, Q4 as we want to reduce the cycle time. So what happens is you kickoff utility, try to utility make that – that electrical upgrade, they didn’t do their process it takes them six or nine months to do that upgrade. As they are two months away this will be kickoff our installation to sync up with them, so that we can have better working capital on these assets. This is something we are now learning with a lot of the East Coast grant mount that we are deploying.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, as Lyndon mentioned earlier, I think in Q4 remember the state of mind at the early part of Q4 was is unlikely will have the ICC experience and therefore that's make sure we rain in some of the stop site [indiscernible] and so we didn’t went through that and as a consequence the steel [ph] rate came to down $0.56 in Q4. Then in 2015, look our - we've had a phenomenal track record of lowering cost in the operation side of the house. Our cost [indiscernible] proud of that. We think that over the course of 2016 we can continue reducing costs significantly in overhead we're excited by that. So no guidance, no commitment yet, but the Q1 numbers is an initial deposit.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, fascinating topic. I agree. So if you look at the tax equity piece, the tax piece is – it’s a combination of what tax payers was monetize a tax credit for and with the tax credit were based on a fair market value. So you are saying that the 1.7 has been dropped, you're making implications on the fair market value going forward, which I don’t want to comment on that. But that's the driver there. But if the tax equity piece goes down then the percentage of the cash flows the tax ex-with the provider is lower, and so the amount of leverage available is actually higher and its a balancing act where if you lower the amount of tax equity that you can actually increase the amount of debt or leverage get because more tax further available. So that's the mechanics there. Some I think deal with asset monetization, those are two different concepts. For what its worth, yes monetization as the mechanics, as you [indiscernible] market which is if there's more cash available from the cash flows to that cash equity provider then for a given yield the upfront financing goes up.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, I don’t think we're ready to commit quite yet to the percentage mix, it could be high level numbers, right, which is – so in 2015 we got 1.7 for tax equity, I think you can make assumptions on where that goes on forward, the debt we were clearing about a $1 in 2015 from the securitization we put more in that, that’s get you to in 2015 2.73, so that is a ballpark. And then cash equity is going to be higher than that, so because you might have a full value of the cash flows. Then our cost there are $271 a watt, and our cost are going to continue coming down in 2016, I think we provided some 2017 guidance of 225. And so cost continue coming down in 2016, so there is spread between what we monetize upfront and our costs thus far. And then as [indiscernible] we have some CapEx that if we can push on that on to 2017 and we're reducing our working capital cycle time associated with commercial, so when we put that altogether that’s how we get there.
Tanguy Serra: I apologize, I don’t want to commit too many percentages and numbers as you know, three quarters that’s very difficult to give, I can only give generic numbers. I apologize for that, I wish I could be more precise, I will be shortly.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, the second part of the question is on MyPower, we are in the process of looking at revamping that product.
