Aaron Chew: Thank you, and good afternoon to all those joining us today for SolarCity's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Leading the presentation today will be a discussion from our Chief Executive Officer, Lyndon Rive; and our Chief Operating Officer, Tanguy Serra; as well as some final earnings commentary from our new Chief Financial Officer, Brad Buss, after which point in time, we will open it up to questions. As a reminder, today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements that involve our views as of today based on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements should not be considered a guarantee of future performance or results and reflect information that may change over time. Please refer to SolarCity's shareholder letter issued today as well as the slides accompanying this letter as well as our periodic report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the factors and risks that could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. In addition, during the course of this call, we will use a number of specially defined terms relating to our business metrics and financial results, including non-GAAP financial metrics. We refer to the definitions of these terms and the required reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP financial metrics included in the shareholder letter today and slides accompanying this presentation, which are available on our Investor Relations website at investors.solarcity.com. With that finally behind us, I would like to introduce SolarCity's Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lyndon Rive.
Aaron Chew: Patrick, it's Aaron. I'll tackle the first and let Lyndon tackle the second one. So on the implied derived incremental retained value, really, 3 things there. One is a little bit lower resi commercial mix. A little bit, not a huge factor. But the bigger driver, actually was that the commercial incremental was just below the low end of our historical range just because of some specific -- the economics of some specific projects signed that quarter. Also, resi was down a little bit, but still, I'd say in the $1.80 to $1.90 range, reflecting, as we've discussed a little bit in the past, the new California pricing strategy, so.
Aaron Chew: Yes. Edwin, it's Aaron. I think you're just mentioning -- you're referring to the comment I made about incremental retained value. It's nothing market-driven. It's just -- keep in mind, commercial, very lumpy in a lot of small -- or I should say, a small amount of large projects. So it just really has to do with a couple of projects. It's nothing market related.
Lyndon R. Rive: Thank you, Aaron. Q3 was a record quarter for the company. We booked 230 megawatts, which is a 150% increase from Q3 last year. We also installed 137 megawatts, which is a 77% increase from Q3 last year. Our residential installations increased by 100%. The last 3 months had been amazing. We launched 4 new products. I'm super pleased with the entire team for all the hard work they did on launching these new products. So the first product we launched is MyPower. MyPower broadens the offering to our customers that want their own systems, but they still receive the benefits of paying for power. The goal of MyPower is unique as it pays off the loan with the energy that the system produces. The other product we launched, 2 new products on the mounting hardware side, ZS Peak and ZS Beam. ZS Peak allows us to provide more kilowatt hours per square foot, and ZS Beam reduces our cost of installs for carports. Then finally, we're very happy to announce Solar Bonds. This is an additional source of capital, but more importantly, it will allow every American to participate in the energy transformation. We normally raise capital only institutional investors can participate, but now everybody can participate in the benefits of deploying clean energy. So as you can see, the last 3 months has been very, very busy. Moving forward on to contracted payments. For the quarter, we had -- we added over $800 million of nominal contracts, and we now have $4.1 billion of contracted payments coming to SolarCity. Our customer count continues to grow. We have over 168,000 customers, and we're well on our way to achieve our 1 million customer goal by mid-2018. To achieve this, we only need to grow at 61% a year, and historically, we've always grown at 100% per year, so I'm feeling very confident about achieving our 1 million customer goal come mid-2018. Our market share continues to grow. With our vertical integrated model, it allows us to invest into our people and to our products. We have the best-looking systems at the lowest cost. We've gone from 11% to 36% in less than 3 years. Our residential division is now larger than the next 50 competitors combined. I'm now going to hand it over to Tanguy Serra, our COO.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes, one question to add-on to it, Aaron, is the -- hopefully, I've been consistent on every earnings call. The incremental unit is not the unit that one should be looking at. One should be looking at the total retained value because what's important is how many dollars are we collecting on the dollars per watt. I don't think that's the metric. Like if you had the choice of deploying 2x the megawatts, but at a 20% less retained number, it would be wise to do that. And then on MyPower, out of the gate, it's been received quite well. This is a total guess. This is not a forecast at all, just an expectation on what I think will happen. I'd say probably move to late next year, Q2 to Q3 will be at a run rate, not for the year, but at a run rate at about, call it, 40% to 50% of our residential business. So we like it. We think it's going to be a great product for us to launch. On the interest rates, as Brad mentioned, we have essentially an introductory interest rate of 4.5%. We will continue evaluating that and it's a very high probability we'll increase that. I just don't know exactly when. Do we increase it in Q1 or Q2? But that's roughly the time frame that we're looking at.
Lyndon R. Rive: Sure. So in terms of new state expansion, it's very hard to move the needle. At the size that we are right now, no new state can move the needle within a 1-year period. It's going to be very hard to do that. It takes -- every other state is doubling. So I mean, you start off with a small foundation at a new state, it takes a few years for that to really impact the business. So if you were to look at MyPower and actually look at the impact to the business, it'll be within our existing states. And out of that, I'd say the popular states would be Arizona, California, would probably be the 2 most popular states, oh, and then Colorado.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes, 2 things on that. So we essentially have 2 competitors. You have your -- yes, current cost of retail energy, which is competitor A, which to us is the #1 competitor and then you have solar competitors. So in terms of the -- competitor A, the current energy provider, their costs continue to go up and in our fixed pricing, should be able to go up. But then you have to match it up against competition. Our current cost is lower than our competitors by a healthy margin. We're also the only company to have successfully securitized our assets, so our cost of capital is also better. So their pricing, they're doing it purely for market gain, not because it's going to add initial volume or initial NPV for them. But we would have to react to it. Now the benefit is we have the lowest cost structure, but I don't see us moving it like -- the all indications is I think we are going to hold tight at $0.15 in California and then we've launched that fixed pricing in different -- in all the utilities that we're in. And I haven't got -- it hasn't yet needed to move it and the market is pricing very similar to one another. So I think we'll hold next year.
Lyndon R. Rive: 82. So the -- we installed 82 megawatts in Q1. So within 3 quarters, we're now planning 190 megawatts. So it is clear that the company knows how to scale.
Lyndon R. Rive: Just one other point I -- I'm not sure that you know this, rest of increase of forecast for next year. We took up the bottom end, from 900 megawatts to 920 megawatts.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes. But in all seriousness, we were -- going back and forth, do we even forecast the 250? So one of the concerns of forecasting the 250 was we feel very comfortable we will exceed that number. So we like -- do we forecast that? Do we want to give a more aggressive number? Should we feel that it will be more appropriate for us to forecast the 250? You can do the math on it. With a 10% ITC, we create a buffer value for every system we deploy. Assuming a 1 million customer goal, we'll be at around a 2 gigawatt run rate. That's $2 billion of incremental value every single year if we stay flat. So that's kind of the message that we wanted to convey. And then you can play around the assumptions. Okay, is it 250? Do we come in at 230? You can play with your own assumptions there. As we get better in our sales and marketing, get more leverage through OpEx and reduce overall cost, we will update that number.
Lyndon R. Rive: For now, we're still sticking to that. We're still investing to commercial. It's -- some of these are bound to happen when you deal with commercial, but no, we're still sticking to 80-20.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes. I mean, even at our 1 million customer goal, we only still have a 2.5% penetration just in the markets that we serve today. So it's -- the best use of cash is to reinvest.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes, the goal, of course, is to increase that backlog. But what we find is that when we raise the capital, the investors want us to deploy the capital. So investors that have -- we certainly have capital for a long time, they don't like that. They like coming back for a repeat and continual repeats. So expect probably a quarter for now, as Brad can change some stuff there.
Lyndon R. Rive: No, we don't want to break out our months. So we're sticking to -- we feel very confident about the 800, but we don't want to break out the months.
Lyndon R. Rive: Just one point on the 800 megawatts, Tanguy just mentioned this, is if you use Q4 as the proxy, you can do the math.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes, let me walk you through a little history on the solar industry. When I got into the Solar business, everything was a very, very complicated sale. And then we looked at the sales process and said, clearly, we can deliver more value in the proposals, really explain to customers the investments they're making and the savings that they're getting. So then we transformed it from selling equipment to selling energy. Then it was, okay, can you sell this over the phone? And everybody thought, it's impossible to sell this over the phone. Now in hindsight, everybody sells over the phone. It's super easy to sell it over the phone. I think the next step is going to be selling it over the web. It'll take some time to crack that nut. But the #1 -- I want full transparency. I think the pricing is important. Today, all of our competitors know our pricing. We know all our competitors' pricing. The pricing is roughly the same. We have the lowest unit cost. So if we do need to react, we will. I don't think we will need to react next year. But I do think the transparency that's on the web will be good. We'll also be adding additional services. I mean, we're adding storage. We're going to have new software applications that we're going to announce that will differentiate us in the market and actually give a tool to our customers that no one else in the industry has. But that announcement will be coming out some time. Stay tuned on that one.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes, but just to add to that, we have had good growth of our commercial bookings on the East Coast, which is the cost per kilowatt hour is lower, but you have a big SREC that you need to include as well. And so that's the differentiation between the 2. So your cost per kilowatt hour, which is in retained value and SRECs on retained value. So just because on the volatility on that. So when you're booking commercial that has a lower kilowatt hour rate, it's kind of this is what Aaron has mentioned that historically -- the commercial bookings, the retained value on that is on the low end. That's because they're not including the SRECs. You've got to include the SRECs when you look at the total retained value, but SRECs is not in our retained value formula.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes, I mean, in terms of -- for now, we just kind of the same cost. So if we look at the slides over there that Brad went through, essentially, we're selling the system, depending on the state, between 400 -- $4.35 to $5.16. So our cost is $2.90. So you can just kind of all-in cost that and we're financing it to 4.5%. So I mean, actually, the most simplistic way to look at MyPower is it's costing us roughly $3, we sell at roughly $5, great, we're making $2, and we're financing that over -- 4.5% over 30 years.
Lyndon R. Rive: Thank you very much for your time today. It's been an amazing quarter, launching 4 incredible products, the hard work the entire team has done, and look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Correct. Yes, that's exactly right, the -- we cracked the code on how to grow here and so we're growing to make sure that we bring in [indiscernible] on time to make sure that we develop the megawatts that they can build. The only place which is hard is Massachusetts where the [indiscernible] requirements there are somewhat annoying and difficult to deal with, but everywhere else is in great shape.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: On average, it takes us 75 days to install across the company and that includes some of the longer time lines in Mass as well as some of the Nevada jobs where they were sold before the install. The program opened up and so there's a natural sort of time line there. But overall, we're in great shape.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: I'll take the first piece. So the answer is, no, we don't have the personnel currently. And I would separate out that on 2 buckets, right? It would be sales and install personnel versus the overhead personnel. So the install personnel, by definition, you want to make sure that you're matching on-boarding people in megawatts to be deployed to ensure that you've got a cost structure that makes sense. So what we have though, however, and this is probably the most important point, which is we've got the infrastructure, the recruiting teams to be able to onboard that personnel. So from an overhead perspective, the answer is yes. From a variable cost perspective, the answer is no. We feel very good that we got the systems and properties to be able to onboard those people. That's the first part of the question.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: And then the other question is, no, I mean, I think it's just the better customer experience if you're able to get a sale or sort of sign up for solar, get a site survey within 5 days, very quickly get a design turnaround within 24 hours. And then as soon as your permit in your local jurisdiction allows you to get installed on your roof, I think it's a much, much better customer experience. And I think that's ultimately what matters to you, which is the customer experience. And then if you can combine an awesome customer experience with best-in-class cost structures and continue scale, that feels pretty good to me.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: No, our scale, we're the perfect business for these businesses. If you think about the Chinese panel manufacturers, they don't obviously have massive output and what they really care about is a consistent throughput that they could put into us. And our resi business, in particular, is virtually a weekly demand and so we're able to absorb on a weekly basis the demand that comes out. And so we're typically a first choice for a number of these panels, and we've had no issues there.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Just use -- can't give out October. It's usually quarterly guidance for Q4. Break out the residential there and multiply by 4. We're in pretty good shape.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Sure. So there's -- so the web process, there's 2 aspects to it. There is the pre-sale or pre-install and posting and the installation period, and those are 2 discrete periods. The online pre-sale piece, I think is critical. As we think about cellphones or insurance or Uber or other consumer services where you can sign up, I think that web experience, whether it's mobile or on the desktop, I think is very, very important and just ease of making it simple and frictionless to be able to sign up for a service. That is a -- there's a number of great applications out there and I think we're going to have a phenomenal product, a totally frictionless online sales, which we're incredibly excited about. As you can imagine, the cost of acquisition to that channel becomes -- is very, very attractive. That's one piece of it. And the second piece of it, obviously, is post the sale once the customer is in that period between the sale and the install where we're going back to work in the background where nothing happens. And for me, I think the best proxy there is the Amazons, Chevrons, where you know exactly where your package is or the Domino's Pizza where, again, same thing, you see exactly who's having your pizza and what they're doing with that. I think giving customers that experience of just showing where they are in the process, I think is incredibly powerful. So in terms of cost, I think we'll have, one, a significant benefit in cost of acquisition; secondly, a significant benefit on time between selling an install and just getting customers more informed; and then we'll have some marginal costs on our increased throughput, but the Q1 is on cost of acquisition.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Yes, I think it depends by state. So in California, we're obviously significantly faster than at 75. I think we're below theoretical limits, which suggests that the theoretical limit is lower than that number. But the theoretical event is a 24 or 40 hour turnaround. So if a customer signs up, site survey that afternoon and the next morning, design up overnight. And then in some jurisdictions, whether it's either an online or over-the-counter permitting process, you can get the install in that afternoon or the next day. That's the theoretical -- like that's the true theoretical limit, which is very, very fast. For that to happen, obviously, there's a significant amount of work that the jurisdiction needs to do in allowing residential solar to be either an over-the-counter or online process, which we're big fans of and we're supporting that.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: And we're incredibly grateful to California for the movement they've done, phenomenal, phenomenal work by our -- including our government [indiscernible] schemes. So that would be a theoretical limit. And candidly, that's where we would like to get to over a long period of time. I don't think we're going to get there any time soon, but over a long period of time. Right now, we're at 75. As I said, California is lower, and I expect, depending on the mix of the state, that number to hover around 60 to 75, hopefully go below that. But that's kind of the range which we're expecting to hover around.
Brad W. Buss: Yes. And for us, guys, just sort of from a financial perspective, it's very impressive what the team -- they have a copy-paste ability. They have fantastic tools upfront from a booking and where the market's going. And they know where they want to go and where they need to be. And then they're able to just recruit, copy-paste, drop in right ahead of time. So we don't need to build up a bunch of costs that are stuck there for a while. And it's operated very, very well so far. So I have 100% confidence on the ability to scale from a deployment perspective.
Brad W. Buss: And just another tidbit. The entire company is very heavily on performance bonuses up and to and including the stock. And Tanguy and I are very aligned in that perspective on driving costs down.
Brad W. Buss: Yes, this is Brad. I mean, I don't think you're going to see a dividend in the card anytime soon. I mean, if you really look at it, every dollar we generate plus taking advantage of a low cost to capital that, as I mentioned, I think will only get better going forward, we plan on reinvesting every nickel with as much leverage as rational for a long time. I think what you're hitting on, though, is if you look at kind of the Power business, so to speak, all that future retained value levered, unlevered and the cash flow and margins that could come with that, that is one of the big areas that we're spending a lot of time working on internally to help provide more information and then I think we will be setting longer-term targets associated with that. But I don't want anyone thinking there'll be a cash dividend because as far as I can see, if something dramatically changes, we can be investing in this market for eternity.
Brad W. Buss: Yes. I mean, we'll go international. We'll go to other states. We'll add additional service offerings into our model. I mean, if you really look at it, we're evolving into a, really, a consumer-orientated Internet/energy provider, right, /financial institution. So I don't think there's going to be any limit on the number of things that we can add to provide greater returns than the dividend. And being 50-year-old -- 50 years old, I do appreciate dividends, but I think I would look for it in a different area.
Brad W. Buss: Yes, this is Brad. I mean, I think we're fully booked up for the end of the year. I mean, that is definitely a different animal. I think the thing that I've been very positive on is, obviously, with us being the market dominated -- the market driver in this area, we're seeing more and more appetite for this asset class. We're seeing a lot of movement out of the bigger utility deals, and I think even wind as this asset class becomes more mature. So yes, I don't think it's something we're ever going to have a full year in advance. But we spend a lot of time on it. We have a lot of interest from all the major banking, insurance institutions as well as a lot of the major corporations that obviously have big tax appetites and only continue to grow.
Brad W. Buss: And again, I'm trying to evolve the whole financing to the company to what I call the financing factory because we really are like a factory. I mean, we're adding tens of thousands of customers, very repeatable, very consistent asset, and we're trying to evolve all the financing to kind of stay on that factory-like concept and be very repeatable, somewhat standard terms. And the nice thing is we can give a lot of the big corporations -- they weren't that excited at seeing $25 million or $50 million, but it's a lot of work to do a deal. But now with our size and the dollars, we can be giving hundreds of millions to a corporation, which gets them very excited. And then they can see that we can continue to give that out over a long-term basis and that gets them very excited. So that's kind of the big focus for 2015.
Brad W. Buss: I think it's still a little early right now. I mean, we got -- I think we'd like to get a good quarter under our belt for the business than to see what stayed and what it's coming at, and then we'll give you some more color in the next quarter. Again, like I said earlier, I mean it's a very healthy NPV and I would take MyPower projects all day long.
Brad W. Buss: Yes, I think -- I don't think you're going to see any major step-up in OpEx for it. We have a team. We have the engineers in place. And I think you'll be pleasantly surprised where we end up relatively soon. And if you haven't had a chance to go through the process online, go do it. It's pretty amazing. And it's only going to get exponentially better, as Tanguy said. I mean, we expect to have a very large percent of our business done through the web over the next few years.
Brad W. Buss: Yes. And the other big impact is the cost of capital is vastly different since we don't have to deal with tax equity. I have a fun group beside the Rhode Island, managing tax equity, I don't have pressure on those administrative costs. And again, the other big question is going to be, does the homeowner actually take the dollars he receives from the credit and give it to us to pay down the rate? I mean, that's going to have a big impact on what retained value really is. So if you assume 100% due, you get one number. If you get some mix of it, it jumps dramatically. So I think we really have to see what that behavior is going to be before we see. In the end though, I think we're splitting hairs when you look at the growth and where we're going and whether it's MyPower or whatever other products on a gigawatt. It's not like it's billions of dollars. It's $100 million to $200 million, maybe, delta. It all becomes a rounding error a couple of years from now.
