Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes, thanks, Martin. Earlier next year, from a non-cell perspective, structural battery crash, range, and reliability testing are on track to be complete this quarter. Testing to-date has gone well, and the Fremont manufacturing line is on track to support. However, similar to what Zach said before, this is a new architecture, and unknown unknowns may exist still. Our top priority is ensuring quality in what we deliver. And from a cell perspective, we are comfortable with the design maturity and manufacturing readiness, matching the pack timeline I just mentioned.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. Thanks, Martin. Our goal as a company here is to grow on an average pace of 50% per year. And so, you can extrapolate that out. There may be some periods of time in which we're well ahead of that. There could be some periods of time, despite best efforts, where we're slightly lower than that. But that remains the long-term goal of the Company. In Fremont, we're continuing to push the boundaries of what's possible there. Over the last 12 months, we've done about 430,000 cars of production. And based upon everything that we know in the factory where the bottlenecks are, what the potential is, we’re targeting to increase that another 50%. I think that will be a difficult goal, but that's the goal that the internal team has. And they're going to continue to push on that. As we look towards Shanghai, we're continuing to push the boundaries there, and we continue to ramp production there as well. So most recently, the ramp up to Model Y, which was our biggest contributor of volume in Q3. We'll continue to ramp that factory. And in our plans, there with time are to keep growing the capacity in that factory. Austin and Berlin are interesting factories because our first iterations of capacity there are on Model Y. But we've intentionally set these factories and locations in which they have a quite significant amount of land and ability to expand. And so, we'll take Model Y at these factories. We're trying to get to 5,000 cars a week as soon as we can. And then we'll continue to push beyond that, potentially even getting to 10,000 cars per week at those factories. And then we will add Cybertruck here in Austin and continue to grow from there. So, our goal is to get to millions of cars per year over the next couple of years. And then ultimately in the long term, be able to achieve 20 million cars per year. We're going to grow as quickly as is feasibly possible with an eye towards a 50% annual growth rate.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Just to add to that, I mean, as Lars said, safety is extremely important for Tesla. It's the right thing to do. And if you look at various independent testing and regulatory testing of our products, you can see the work of incredibly talented engineers in the results of those tests. And our goal in developing safety-oriented software around the car is to continue to go beyond what the hardware is able to provide. If you can prevent a crash from happening, that's the safest way to manage this. And I think at a macro level here, what we're seeing, and this is entirely understandable and expected is that the automotive industry is going through a transition from the traditional car as we know, it to more computer software-oriented sensor suites around them that can manage things beyond just what the driver manages. And in regulatory bodies are understandably so are interested in understanding how to regulate in this environment. And this has no exception to that. So as Lars mentioned here, I think this is a great thing. We're excited to partner. And we'll work collaboratively with all regulatory bodies who want to go on that journey to the transition to a software-oriented vehicle.
Zachary Kirkhorn: I will take the service part of this question. Drew, you can take the supercharging part. We have seen an increase in service late times throughout the summer, and there's a couple of things that have contributed to that based upon the information that we had. The first is that I think this is not -- this is not unique to us is that the return to some sense of normalcy in a post-pandemic world has happened I think more quickly than most people expected. And what we're seeing here is that the number of miles that people are driving has increased. There may have been some demand for service during 2020 or in the early parts of 2021 that customers put off. And so, there's a bit of a catch-up that's occurring that has increased demand for service. At the same time, in the macro-environment here, logistics, moving parts, sourcing parts, has become increasingly more difficult, which is a well-known issue in the world right now, as well as challenges in the labor market. And so, there's this simultaneous increase in demand for service, where the ability to supply that service has been impacted for the reasons I mentioned. And so, we saw an uptick primarily in Europe and North America and service wait times over the course of the summer. And we've been working extremely hard since then to address this. And we've seen our wait times come down. So, this is not the case in every location, but if you think about it from regional average perspectives, we are seeing improvements there. We remain super-focused on adding locations. And so, over the last year, we've grown our physical footprint of service centers by 35%. We've grown our footprint of mobile repair by over 40%. We're also adding staffing as quickly as we can in the areas that are most impacted by the imbalance of supply and demand for service. But I think the most important part about all of this is -- and we've said this on calls before where the best service is no service. And so, we have been incredibly focused as a Company, both on the initial quality of our vehicles and reliability of our vehicles. And we've seen pretty substantially improvements in both of those metrics over the long term and over the last couple of quarters. So, it is something that remains on our minds. We monitor this very closely. But hopefully, that's a helpful explanation into the context and what we're doing.
Zachary Kirkhorn: I want just one thing to add on supercharging. If you haven't experienced our latest iteration of battery packs that can handle fast charge rates in combination with our 250-watt -- kilowatt charging stations, it's pretty incredible. And this is a really important component to supercharging capacity. The faster you can charge, the more charge sessions that you can have on an individual post. That other customer experiences as you're going on a long-term journey because you're supercharging times are lower.
Zachary Kirkhorn: So, this is a really important part of the strategy. Super charging team has done a great job rolling this out. But it requires a combination of the 250-kilowatt charging in our latest iteration battery packs.
Zachary Kirkhorn: I'll take the second part of the question first, we won't be providing any forward-looking commentary on our pricing strategy or what may happen here over the near term. With respect to the first part of the question, it has been an interesting thing for us to impact within the Company. What I'll say, just as a general statement before I make a couple of specific comments, is that the things that we learned on FSD subscription today are not necessarily all that relevant. This is really more of a platform for when FSD Beta goes into wide release, and the features and functionality become more accessible to more customers. The second thing that I'll note is that if you look at the pricing, the monthly pricing of FSD subscription, and then you compare that to the cost of rolling FSD option into your lease or you loan, on a monthly basis to note the economical way for a customer to enjoy the features of full self-driving is through purchasing it upfront and enrolling into their financing. And as a result of that, what we've seen in the data is not -- we're unable to detect a change in the upfront take rate of FSD when people when people purchase cars. We have seen quite a bit of activity of folks carry us to experience what the software has to offer and subscribing to it and enjoying it to that route. But again, as I said at the beginning, I think what we've seen so far on FSD subscription is not terribly relevant. We'll see how that plays out in the future as we continue to release more features.
Zachary Kirkhorn: I don't think that this is widely known but we already actually doing the sentiment of what this question is asking. If you trade in your Tesla to Tesla, we -- there's a difference in price that we pay for a trade-in that has FSD compared to one that doesn't. And so, there's -- there's that premium that we pay to repurchase the FSD. That money can then be applied towards the purchase of the new car. So, I just -- we hear this feedback quite a bit, we see it on social media, we see it in the forums, etc. And so, this already does exist. And not directly in the form here. And we don't call it out explicitly in the trade-in, potentially that we have increased the price of your trade-in as a result. And hopefully, this clears this out because we do actually do that.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. And what we're seeing in initial take rate data is that, if you compare that to what we're seeing in California, we're off to a good start here. So, we're very excited about it. We're excited about individual risk-based pricing. We're excited about the ability for folks to become safer and as a result, save money. And it feeds into our priority of a Company of building the safest products in the world.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. We have achieved -- we've actually exceeded our long-term guidance on our operating margin target. So, we're very pleased to see that. And as we look out over the next quarter and the next year, there's a number of puts and takes financially for the Company. The launch of Austin and Berlin will have ramp inefficiencies there for some period of time until we get those factories up and running. And so that's likely to put some downward pressure on our margins as those factories ramp. Our goals are to ramp those as quickly as possible. But as Drew mentioned earlier, there are a number of unknown unknowns that we'll need to work through. We are also in this uncertain environment with respect to cost structure. We are seeing costs increase on the commodity side. We're getting feedback from our suppliers as we're seeing ourselves the impact of labor shortage. And then logistics and expedite costs just continue to be a part of our story here and it's uncertain how that will unfold. It's our hope that these things stabilize. Exactly when that happens is difficult to predict. And we have been adjusting pricing in line with those changes in cost. And so, we'll see how that unfolds over the course of the next year. So, it's difficult on gross margin to say where that will go for those reasons. With respect to operating margin, we've been very focused as a Company on managing our overhead expenses and operating expenses. And operating expenses as a percentage of revenue has been declining and I expect that trend to continue to happen. And I think the net of all of this is hopefully that we continue to make progress on operating margin over the next 4 of 5 quarters. As we think forward, the business up until this point is kind of largely been a hardware automotive business with a little bit of software on top of that. As full self-driving matures, as take rates increase, if we are to raise pricing on that, there's considerable upside both on gross margins and operating margin as that comes to light, as the business starts to become more of a mix of a hardware-based Company and a software-based Company. So, we feel optimistic about the journey -- very optimistic about the journey as we look over into the long term, just a little bit difficult over the next 4 to 5 quarters. And we'll continue to update on earnings calls as we learn more information. There's just a lot of uncertainty in the world right now.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. Certainly, our goal is to localize all key parts of the vehicles on the continent, at least the continent, if not closer to where the vehicles that are produced. That is our goal and we’re working internally and with our suppliers to accomplish that goal. And not just at the end assembly level, but as far upstream as possible.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. We have seen an impact. Our primary exposure right now is around nickel and aluminum, nickel on the cell, aluminum on non-cell. And we have a mixture of contracts with various suppliers. In some materials, we contract directly and we have full exposure to price fluctuations. We do have a number of long-term commitments and long-term contracts in place. We also have contracts where there's some amount of cost -sharing based upon the movement of indexes. And so, as these have been moving, some of those costs have been flowing through to us. It's not a substantial amount of cost, but it's not small. As we look towards the next year, I certainly hope it doesn't play out this way, but it's possible that we continue to see more of cost headwind, as a result of these movements. It's difficult to say precisely, but the volatility in the increases are just substantial, so substantial. And there are certain suppliers that maybe up to a certain point have been absorbing some of the increase. And as contracts expire there, we have to renew and extend them. We'll have to return to negotiations. And so, what we have to do as a Company and what we are intensely focused on is we need to be continuing to drive down the cost of our products, which we have been doing. And we have to overcome cost increases that are outside of our control. So whether that's resourcing components or redesigning components or finding ways to be more efficient in manufacturing. We have no choice but to continue on that path and be even more aggressive in the light of the macroeconomics here.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. Pricing has been a really difficult thing for us over the last couple of quarters. And we're -- part of the challenge is -- well, the great thing that we're seeing in the space right now is there appears to just be quite a profound awakening of desirability for electric vehicles. And to be totally frank, it's caught us a little bit off guard. And that kind of awakening and change in consumer sentiment, I'm sure there's lots of reasons that go into it, but folks want to buy an electric car and folks want to buy a Tesla right now. It's very exciting for us. At the same time, we have installed capacity to build more cars but we're constrained by a number of dynamics as we've talked about in great detail. And we are putting in an extreme effort to build as many cars as we possibly can. It's hard to overstate how extreme the efforts are. It's quite the grind. We're trying as hard as we can to maximize that capacity and to be able to meet the demand that we're receiving. But the net-net of all of this is that we're not able to increase production capacity fast enough. So, at the same time, we are seeing macroeconomic cost impacts on our structure as we've discussed previously on the call. So, we're trying to think through if somebody orders a car now, it could be delivered in some cases, and depending upon the car and which factory, could be a couple of months, could be a couple of quarters. And the timing in which we build that car will be just before that car gets delivered. And what will the world look like at that point? And so, we're trying to think through how the cost structure is evolving. How does pricing need to change with that? What are the supply dynamics in the space? The other thing that I will just note on pricing is that companies change pricing all the time. The difference is that when Tesla change its pricing, it's extremely transparent, where that's not always the case otherwise. And sometimes our pricing will increase, sometimes our pricing will reduce. Sometimes to the public, our pricing changes may not seem to make logical sense but there is a strategy that we work behind the scenes as we're balancing supply and demand, as we're also trying to balance various shortages on parts, as we're trying to manage wait times. All of that goes into the optimization here.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Sure. So, it remains our target in both Austin and Berlin to be able to build our first production cars before the end of the year. We've talked about this a bit. The unknown of unknowns, new factories, new vehicle designs, new technologies, new locations, new teams. So, there is quite an execution journey ahead of us, but that remains our target. And all of our plans are oriented around that. We -- for -- we should not expect for us to deliver cars by the end of 2021 from these factories, even if we do produce some. So, homologation, regulatory reasons, and we want to make sure that we build up some number of cars that we're confident in the quality and the customer experience around them. The second thing that I'll say and I mentioned this in my opening remarks, is because of the newness here, it's extremely difficult for us to be precise in what the ramp will look like. And its possible things -- the stars align and things move quickly. It's possible that we're spending the bulk of next year working on ramping these factories. It's just very hard to say, and we'll continue to update you-all to these calls and through other forums. As to how that then impacts our margins, that is also difficult because that is a function of the ramp, which is uncertain. The benefits here, which is different in the ramp of these factories compared to other factories, is if you think about the percentage of our total cost structure in any given quarter that is associated with new ramps, we have the Fremont factory that's running -- generating stable and growing margins there. The same is also true in Shanghai. I expect we'll see some amount of headwind on margin from these ramps. It's just entirely dependent on how quickly we're able to ramp, and what uncertainties come up during the process.
Zachary Kirkhorn: We are carrying some amount of costs associated with the factories today. And so, the incremental costs associated with turning the factory is it's not 100% of the factory, if that's what you're getting at in your question.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. We also actually saw a very similar dynamic to this when we were relaunching Model S earlier in the year. So, when a product starts launching and then cost of goods sold starts to activate, depreciation starts to activate, there's a bit of a movement in the P&L as to where that cost resides. So yeah, seeming to some extent, Brandenburg and Austin costs are already flowing through our P&L, but we still need to continue staffing and ramping, incurring all the operating costs associated with the factory that we're not spending right now.
Lars Moravy: Yeah, we're working on a strategy to increase our production rates as quickly as possible. I think Zach spoke to that well. And we're doing this while trying to add the least amount of incremental complexities to the business. We don't want to add any new vehicles to our lineup when we're generally in a cell constrained world. While there is still more runway to grow these existing products, we are focused on Model Y expansion in Austin and Berlin, ramping S&X further in Fremont to restore to past levels, while also growing 3 and Y production in Fremont and Shanghai. As we've mentioned before, after Model Y in Austin, our next product launch will be Cybertruck. And that time and course depend on increasing cell capacity, both from our suppliers and through our inherent cell, as well as many other headwinds we face in supply chain, and completing our currently full plate of products on the table.
Lars Moravy: At this point, it's not so much about how much data can we collect, but how quickly can we process the data we've collected. This is where Dojo comes in as we mentioned on AI Day with substantially faster training computer. In Dojo, we will be able to iterate more often than we do now. If for instance, say the training, and that takes one day instead of one week, makes a huge difference in our ability to push out more updates. But realistically, there's a whole lot more that comes into play when iterating software updates. The whole infrastructure from top to bottom, including testing and validation, needs to be set up for faster iteration. So daily updates are not really realistic for now.
Lars Moravy: Thanks, Martin. As we've mentioned before, we've seen record growth of both Model 3 and Model Y segments, where Model 3 is currently the bestselling luxury sedan worldwide. As we mentioned at our shareholder's meeting, Model Y is poised to be the bestselling vehicle in the world. Tesla continues to break molds in these vehicle segments and we hope to do so with each new product. As we've said publicly, we'll eventually expand the vehicle line up to get to larger volumes, and we believe that we will need to be in all major segments across small and mid-size, large sedans, SUVs, and trucks to do so. Along with, of course, the massive space of robotaxi.
Lars Moravy: Thanks, Martin. As we have been for years, we always engage with NHTSA and other worldwide regulatory bodies to share our knowledge and to work with them on our approaches on both active and passive safety. There are ongoing regulatory inquiries taking place all the time, and especially on the subjects. FSD, they're at the cutting edge of technology development. During these investigations, my team, myself, are always cooperative as much as possible. We expect to embrace the scrutiny of these products and know that the truth about their performance and the innovations our products have will ultimately be all that matters. In the end then and as I've said on previous calls, we take safety as a top priority in all our designs. This is because our primary motivation is coming from a team of incredible engineers designing software and hardware that saves lives and prevents injuries. And doing so, we'll continue to be transparent to the public on how our technology is both developing from an autopilot safety data, the latest of which we just shared in the shareholder update. And you can also see in review a wide variety of customer post, FSD videos on social media.
Lars Moravy: Sure. At AI Day we did talk about potential future where Dojo could be used as a neural net training platform for other companies. It's not a focus of ours today as we are fully subscribed on Dojo with our internal uses, we do expect to continue to improve the in-car experience in the context of FSD
Lars Moravy: Yeah. Thanks, Martin. We get a lot of questions on Cybertruck. We've been busy detailing the Cybertruck to achieve the prototype version we shared with customers awhile back. As you may have seen recently on social media, we've built a number of alphas and are currently testing those to further mature the design. And while those point out a few key additions like rear steer. There are also a number of smaller or less visible improvements, though the product is largely true to the initial vision. We'll continue to work through the product in the beta stages that we're in now and look to launch that by next year.
Lars Moravy: Yeah. If I can add to that, it's really exciting for the engineering team, for the finance team in taking on safety into their world to explore basis. Thanks for that, guys.
Lars Moravy: Sure. I mean, as I said earlier, we always corroborate fully with NHTSA and other regulatory bodies in any sort of investigation they may have, particularly related to ADAS systems when they came out with the standing general order in July. We were quick to respond to that and one of the first and only companies capable of actually meeting the needs of that report. We continue to send that information to them as required, weekly and as it occur. And with the additional investigations, and as I said, we meet that with great sincerity and we'll work through them one by one to make sure that all the facts come out and NHTSA's well informed about our strategies for both active safety in this case, but also passive safety. As you guys may know, we released updates to our airbag and restraint system last week to Model Y using our fleet data. We worked closely with NHTSA on that and they were fully in a loop before we did it. So, I think these kinds of things will continue to happen in the new regulatory space as Zach discussed, as we move towards a software-based vehicle and we're happy to be part of that journey.
Lars Moravy: Yes. Sure. So obviously, as we've noted in the past, we developed our own stainless-steel grade for the exterior Cybertruck to meet both the durability in course of requirements required for an automotive world. With this raw material and others, as Drew mentioned, we continue to look at multiple sources. We have made some early sourcing decisions in that but I think we'll keep that one internal and we've already began the first casting in of that. Rolling stainless isn't so different from rolling any other materials. It's about how hard the rollers are to get to that hardness level. And just like every manufacturing process we put in for every new vehicle, we'll work with our suppliers and vendors to make sure those timelines and supply meet the need and demand of our customers.
Martin Viecha: Thank you very much. The next question is, "Can you provide an update on future model development and how much diversity in your fleet will be necessary to achieve 20 million in annual volumes? The best-selling cars in the world today only sell slightly over 1 million units, so is it possible to achieve 20 million units with just S, X, 3, Y, truck and the $25,000 car?"
Martin Viecha: Thank you very much. And now let's go to analyst questions. [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Q - Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research. Pierre, feel free to unmute your mic and go ahead. Pierre, I think your mic is muted. Okay. While Pierre works on that, let's go to the next analyst. The next question comes from Q - Joseph Spak from RBC. Joe, we cannot hear you. Can you click unmute? Okay. While the team is working on that, let's just go back to say the questions. The next set of upcoming question is, Can Tesla allow for FSD to be transferred to another vehicle at a fee, something less than 10-K? Early adopters are paying the price if they want to upgrade their vehicle. You lose the value on the trade-in, and now you have to buy in at a higher cost.
Martin Viecha: Thank you very much. And the next question comes from Colin Langham from Wells Fargo. Colin, are you able to unmute? While we're waiting for that, let's go to the next one.
Martin Viecha: Thank you. Colin, do you have a follow-up question? Okay. Let's go to the next one. The next question comes from Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer.
Martin Viecha: Okay. Thank you very much. The next question is from Brian Johnson from Barclays. And Brian, please go ahead and you can unmute.
Martin Viecha: Fantastic. Thank you very much, everyone, for all your questions. And we'll see you again in three months. Thank you very much and goodbye.
Andrew Baglino: And on the Supercharger side, Supercharging team monitors congestion and plans expansion to ensure customer experience met with minimal wait times alongside the growth in our vehicle fleet. While we certainly have work to do in an expanding capacity in some congested areas, average congestion on the network has decreased over the past 18 months. Nonetheless, we're not standing still. We are executing accelerating expansion plans globally. The network has doubled in the last 18 months, and we are planning to triple it over the next 2 years. And even so, on an individual site basis, to combat existing congestion more quickly where it is isolated and programmatic, we expedite local relief sites, deploy mobile Superchargers, and we try to introduce pricing strategies that encourage more off-peak usage to avoid the waiting.
Andrew Baglino: And we've also maintained an ongoing roadmap on software improvements, dynamic routing to avoid busy superchargers; that's actually really helpful. We take the real-time busyness of the stations into account when choosing where to navigate people on their road trip. And beyond that, we're also continuing to improve the Trip Planner itself and how it estimates how much energy people use so it's not too conservative and ask them to be able to charge more than they need to, which is another thing that can delay a total trip.
Andrew Baglino: And diversification. Right. Doesn't need to be nickel or cobalt, or I mean there's always another option.
Andrew Baglino: Sure. I don't know that I am going to get in to too many specifics. But I guess first, one thing I would say is unlike the commodities discussion we just had, like the anode materials are not really in the same situation just in terms of what they are considering components are so there's less of a focus on rapidly changing them, one way or the other because they're generally stable commodities. There isn't exactly a tit for tat or get a better anode, use less cathode. There is a fundamental ratio that you need to maintain for the cell to function. –So I guess zooming out, the primary focus on the anodes side that we have is just ensuring that it doesn't in any way -- that we are able to continue to reduce the cost of the anode without impeding on the long-term cyclability of the product. It can also help with energy density. As you improve the energy density of the anode, you improve the energy density of the cell. Not directly one-to-one, because you have to pack more cathode in as the anode gets better. And that's a focus as well but the trades basis is just cycling versus day 1 cost.
Andrew Baglino: And on the differences between Austin and Berlin, there are some. They're largely associated with the different sort of building architectural choices that were -- happened to occur in collaboration with like local codes and other governing requirements that drives the differences in the architecture between the locations. In general, though, we're trying to progress the manufacturing system as a system and make logical path to find improvements from factory to factory. And in some cases, there was an improvement identified between -- like decisions for one, Austin, the other, Berlin, or vice versa. And so there might be a slightly newer iteration of one part of the factory in one place than the other, but it's all part of like a path forward in the factory that builds the machine -- the machine that builds the machine, sorry.
