Jason S. Wheeler: Sure. Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, everybody, for joining. I just wanted to make a few brief comments to add a little bit more color to this shareholder letter. We're clearly disappointed with our delivery numbers, but there's some underlying stories that we feel really good about and I'm going to walk you through those briefly. First, automotive gross margin expanded this quarter. Automotive gross margin excluding ZEV credits grew from 20.1% in Q1 to 21.2% in Q2. A couple of different factors here. One was the Model S refresh. There was a modest price increase on the refresh but, more importantly, we had a baked a number of cost-downs into that vehicle before the launch. And then the second big factor is obviously X production. We talked a lot about how we have come through the struggles on that and how we've managed to climb that production ramp, so that's looking great. On a go-forward basis, the way we're thinking about margins is we certainly see opportunities for continued cost-downs, both on the engineering front, also on the commercial front as well. We've got a supplier base that is very excited about the Model 3 and it's giving us the ability to leverage that on commercial cost downs, also continue manufacturing efficiencies. As we mentioned in shareholder letter, labor hours per car is trending quite positively right now and we're laser focused on continued improvement in that key metric. All right next, talk about the cash position for a second. All right, here's one way to think about it. We ended up with $3.25 billion on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter. We started off the year – on December 31, 2015, we had $1.2 billion. We raised $1.7 billion in our secondary offering and we collected on our Model 3 reservations. Therefore, we are in a very healthy position from a cash perspective. Couple different factors here to talk about. One, we've got $678 million drawn on our asset-backed line. This is something that we've talked about in the past. That is definitely backed up by our operations. Two things there. One, approximately 5,000 cars in transit to customers at quarter end, so we're financing our FGI and we're monetizing our direct lease portfolio. Second factor on the cash position that we'd like to highlight is our continued CapEx discipline. As we talked about in Q1, we had $217 million of CapEx in that quarter; in this quarter $295 million of CapEx. We compare that to averaging nearly $400 million a quarter throughout 2015. We're actually very pleased with these results and we're comfortable that we aren't doing anything to adversely impact our future. On a go-forward basis, thinking about CapEx efficiency, you've heard Elon talk a lot about the machine that makes the machine. A big part of that is focusing on volumetric efficiency. In our call on Monday, I talked about how when we started to review a lot of the Model 3 CapEx plans across the company, there were a bunch of new buildings everywhere. And the reaction to that was, wait a second, we've actually got a nice facilities footprint already and how can we just densify those facilities and not have to invest further in this area? And we're starting to see a lot of that take hold now. Second, I think we're making an attempt to crush the conventional wisdom that capacity increases only happen in step change increments and the capital that follows that in step change increments as well. And to put a little bit more color on that, there are many ways to optimize our current operations. The way to think about this is we can just drive greater throughput through the same investments. So, that's our cash position. Finally, I'd just like to talk for a minute about expense management. In addition to our efforts on CapEx efficiency, we're also very focused on OpEx discipline. This quarter, SG&A would have been flat quarter-over-quarter in spite of our continued expansion in service and sales, were it not for the payroll taxes we paid on our CEO's options exercises. SG&A was up $19 million quarter-over-quarter on a non-GAAP basis. $17 million of that was the payroll expense associated with those option exercises. R&D now does continue to increase as we continued to march towards the Model 3 launch and continued to invest in our future. This is as predicted and as we've signaled in the past. So to wrap it all up, we're very happy with the gross margin expansion in the quarter and we have increased our emphasis on OpEx discipline and CapEx efficiency. We believe our Q2 results reflect that and we're not backing down as we move forward.
Jason S. Wheeler: Sure. So in terms of thinking about the cash flow, yeah, you're doing your math correctly, but we also release deposits when we deliver cars. So, there's an inflow and there's an outflow there. And the deposits on the early Model X cars were larger than the later Model X cars as well, so that's one of the impacts there as well. In terms of the Model 3 reservations, the 373,000 number that you referenced is what we've talked about when we did our secondary offering. And we're sticking to that number in terms of disclosure.
Jason S. Wheeler: Sure. So in terms of the – the ABL is definitely available for some of that for sure and then the overall liquidity position gives us confidence that we'll be able to do this. At the same time, we do have many active discussions going on with other lease partners and we're looking at other ways to do this as well. And I don't want to talk a lot about SolarCity on this call. That's not what it is, but they've got some pretty advanced capability and thinking through how to walk through this as well.
Jason S. Wheeler: Yeah, and I think, just to add to that, when power electronics work well, you really don't even notice them. I mean, no one thinks about...
Jason S. Wheeler: Our goal is to basically make them seamless, and make it, as Elon said, easy for people to use so they don't have to worry about what an inverter is, how it works. It's just all integrated into one simple system. Just like it is in the car.
Jason S. Wheeler: Okay. Yeah, yeah, I feel like the quality, I think, has improved quite dramatically, specifically with respect to Model X. We had a lot of challenges in the production ramp. That's always the most difficult time when you're going from zero to 1,000 cars a week. It's just you've got to pull at this huge baggage train of suppliers along with you and you've got to solve a lot of issues internally so that production ramp is a lot of hurt. But now we're pretty stable at the 2,000 cars a week level. And every time we (22:42), it's getting better. So that each passing week gets better and better. And so I actually feel pretty good about our warranty reserves actually declining over time as a result of that.
Jason S. Wheeler: Yes, sure. No problem. So I'm going to add just a little bit of color onto the 60 kilowatt-hour gross margin numbers, too. We're aspirational on this. But the way to think about this is very important. Those cars are gross margin positive and they're producing cash. So if you think about from an overall operating leverage perspective, even if the gross margin profile on those is less than our other variants, it's still producing contribution margin to pay for the fixed cost of the business. So I think it's the right economic thing to do. And even more importantly, it's right for the customer to continue to broaden the market that way. On your two housekeeping questions, good questions. On the CapEx front, as you heard in my opening comments, we are deadly focused on CapEx efficiency. So I think we can beat the $2.25 billion number, but we didn't see any need to update that guidance at this time. And then your question about gross margin on the basis, I was just looking at the quarter-over-quarter. In Q1 automotive gross margin, excluding ZEV credits was 20.1% and we expanded that to 21.9% in Q2. And it's expansion on both the Model X and the Model S variants.
Jason S. Wheeler: ...the forward-looking. Yes, so we expect where we're at today, we'll see another 2 points to 3 points expansion between now and the end of the year.
Jason S. Wheeler: Yes, I think, Elon, I think you covered it well. In terms of the modeling question, yes, I think just extrapolating from where we're at now, we're stable. We'll continue to get better on production throughout the course of the year. We've got a couple more holiday weeks in Q4. You might want to think about that when you're doing your modeling. But, yes, I think Elon covered it well.
Jason S. Wheeler: Yes, no. Absolutely, and the answer to timing of changes is right away. So a car that is sold without an – so with an RVG that drops us into lease accounting. And what we've done historically and we'll continue to do for RVGs is we recognize the full revenue on a non-GAAP basis. What changes when there's not an RVG in the equation is you get full revenue recognition on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis. So good things happen on the accounting side.
Jason S. Wheeler: You'll see that but the other thing I want to point you to is what we've already talked about in uptake in direct leasing. When we have used a partner in the past for leasing that gives us non-GAAP revenue recognition on that. Our non-GAAP revenue recognition is very simply called the cash. If somebody pays us cash for a car, we recognize it in non-GAAP revenue. When we do direct leasing, then that drops us into pure lease accounting. So it will be that way on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis.
Jason S. Wheeler: So 15% is what we're talking about for Q3 and I think I mentioned earlier we've got a bunch of active conversations with new partners. There's another factor too, which is I think important to point out. We've introduced some pretty compelling loan programs, particularly in North America, in the last 90 days, and we're starting to see some shift from leasing towards loans. And to bring the answer to your question full circle, loan is full GAAP and full non-GAAP revenue recognition.
Jason S. Wheeler: Yeah, sure. On the profitability question, just reiterate what Elon said earlier. If we can execute on our production and our delivery goals in the second half of the year, we got a great chance to be non-GAAP profitable. So...
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, I don't think there's a strong product rationale to combine SpaceX and Tesla whereas there is for Tesla and SolarCity. It's really quite tenuous for SpaceX and Tesla. And there's a little cooperation that happens between the companies, but it's not that would justify merging them into one entity.
Elon Reeve Musk: But what we've said thus far is that there's need to have much higher definition maps than currently exists anywhere in the world in order to have full autonomy. And we're in the process of building those and I think making good progress.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I think the demand for autonomous cars will vastly outweigh the production capability. So it's more in our mind that the global fleet of vehicles is about 2.5 billion roughly and total new vehicle production per year is only about 100 million. So, the fleet is basically turning over every roughly 20, 25 years. So we would have to make some truly enormous number of autonomous vehicles for there to be any land saturation because it will basically be the only car anyone wants to buy.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, there's no question Tesla's going to do integrated inverter. It's the logical thing to do. I think we've got the most advanced inverter engineering team in the world, and so it makes sense to, just as we do the inventers on vehicles, to do it with solar as well and have it in a very tight package at a cents per watt level that is I think probably twice as good as anyone else. I think maybe better than that. So, that's like the obvious move there, and as part of what we're referring to as kind of an integrated product, I mean, if you place yourself in the consumer's shoes, you just want it to work. You don't want to know how it works. You don't care about the details. It's just got to work reliably, look good, not take up a ton of space, the buying process has got be easy. You can check up on it with the app on your phones. There's only one phone app. You want it to be easy. You want it to just work. You want it to be affordable. You want it to look good. So, that's what we're going to do.
Elon Reeve Musk: Most people don't even know what AC or DC is. If you ask, so what's DC current? Or, what's direct current? What's alternating current? They would not be able to tell you. A lot of people don't even know the difference between power and energy. One's in kilowatts, another one's in kilowatt hours, and they don't need to know, like there's not a good reason for them to know. Stuff should just work and take care of itself.
Elon Reeve Musk: People are not buying the base model. They're like, they buy the 60 kWh, and then they option it up quite a bit. So it ends up having like an average sale price, like over $80,000, and then actually all the 60 kWh's actually have the 75 kWh capacity. It's just software limited. There's potential for them to upgrade it over time and certainly for the resale value of the car to be enhanced when it's returned to Tesla by unlocking the additional 15 kilowatt hours of that factory capability. So, I mean, I think in sort of a nutshell, one way to think about Tesla right now is that we're right around 2,000 cars a week and we're trying to balance the mix to be roughly half Model X and Model S. There are some variations depending upon regionality. Some parts of the world prefer more SUVs. Some prefer more sedans. And we do tend to batch up our cars. This is why occasionally you see nonsensical articles about Tesla's demand suddenly rising in some country or suddenly falling. It's got nothing do with that. It just happens to be when the ship arrived. But a high-level overview is just we see demand being fairly strong at an average of 2,000 cars a week and we're able to maintain production at that level, notwithstanding occasional supplier hiccups. And then hopefully, we can grow that a little bit towards the end of the quarter and then a little more in Q4. And our aspiration that's unvarnished here, this is just what we're aiming to do internally is to do a little better than 2,000 a week in sales and deliveries in Q4, combined Model S and Model X. I feel fairly optimistic about achieving that goal. Yeah, I think our core business is actually doing quite well right now.
Elon Reeve Musk: Heavily engineering and production constraints. We've got some next-generation technology and we're going to split up that production line. So, it's going to be heavily concentrated in Q4 and probably even heavily in November and December. But I think it's going to be really exciting when people see it. So, that's why I expect kind of exponential growth from there. I think it's really going to go ballistic.
Elon Reeve Musk: Sure. So, I think the way to think about warranty, and we put this in the shareholder letter, our ongoing reserves is roughly consistent with what it's been, with what it was last quarter. And the RVG really doesn't have an impact on warranty expense. Really, warranty expense is all about reliability, and reliability is something that we are constantly monitoring. And as we see positive things happen or things, they go in the other direction with reliability, that's how we think about the ongoing reserves for warranty.
Elon Reeve Musk: I think we'll have a more significant announcement on that later. So it's not really – earnings call is not the right time for that except that it will be a Tesla solution, internal solution.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, I think the Model 3 is overwhelmingly our focus. Yeah. Things feel really quite stable with Model S and Model X. We're kind of in the mode of continuous improvement, but no fundamental issues. So, I feel like the machine that's making Model X and Model S is actually functioning quite well right now. And I definitely burn out of few neurons and a lot of other people did solving the production ramp earlier this year. I feel we're in a good place at this point. So, the focus really is on Model 3 and followed by full autonomy as – well it's our two priorities.
Elon Reeve Musk: I don't actually know of any – there's not any one standout issue for July 1. Now, I did say this on the last earnings call and I think it probably bears reiterating because – and I think it makes sense if you think about it, but it does require a bit of thinking about it. I don't expect us to be at full production on July 1, but I have to drive all suppliers and internal efforts to that date, knowing that some will fall short. And those that fall short, the suppliers that fall short will be cut out of the picture. And if there are teams internally that fail to execute effectively, we will reorganize those teams. But if several thousand parts are not driven to a particular date, there is no chance of making any point even past that date. Now in an ideal world, this would be a confidential internal – do I want to a confidential internal – July 1 will be a confidential internal target. Given the amount of attention that Tesla receives and the fact there are several or if you count two to three, three and four suppliers, there's several thousand companies involved. It is obviously impossible to keep that confidential. You can't. So then in order to have a consistent message, internally knowing that that message will also leak externally that's where the July 1 date comes from. There isn't any other way to do it. If anybody's got better suggestions, I'd like to hear what they are. So I expect production to occur at some point after July 1, but I don't know what today would cause us to slip past that date. And if I did, I would take action to address it.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yes, so I was going to say, because people are optioning up the 60 kilowatt-hour, it actually ends up being decent. Maybe it's sort of like 15% to 20% gross margin where I say something like if somebody orders a Performance Dual Motor that might actually be more like a 30%, 35% gross margin. But there's just a small number of people that want high-performance cars and are willing to pay triple digits – six digits I should say. But it also remains to be seen how many who order the 60 kilowatt-hour then choose to do the upgrade to the 75 kilowatt-hour rate. So there's going be some number, but it's too early to tell, of people who buy the 60 kilowatt-hour, realize they want the extra range and then they can just order it kind of like an in-app purchase on the car screen and unlock it. I suspect we'll see pretty decent number of people do that. But it's still very early, so it's hard to say what number that would be. And if they do do that, then it would push the gross margins up into the 20%s, like in the mid-20%s or so.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yes, it's pretty small. But I'm cautiously optimistic that we will actually meet those numbers by the end of the year. Maybe not for Q4 as a whole. But exiting Q4, my best guess is we're just under 30% for Model S and around 25% for Model X by the end of this year. That's what it looks like to me.
Elon Reeve Musk: Actually, with the regulators we share the data well in advance of – as soon as we know it. We shared the data regarding, say, the Florida fatality like a month, certainly weeks before and NHTSA actually opened investigation. In fact, we're not totally clear on why they opened the investigation, because they actually had all the information before they made a formal investigation. Like I said, it was a little puzzling as to why they – we would have already given them all the information. So there wasn't really anything more to learn.
Elon Reeve Musk: ...steady improvements in – almost every week, we see an improvement in labor hours per car, which is great from a cost standpoint. Also the Tesla production team has been working super hard and we don't want to burn people out, so it's good to see the hours per car come down almost every week as a sign of improved efficiency.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, again, major product announcements are not – I shouldn't do those on an earnings call, obviously. And all I'd say is that full autonomy is going to come a hell of a lot faster than anyone thinks it will. And I think what we've got under development is going to blow people's minds. It blows my mind, so.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yes, it's heavily dependent on the production ramp in the last few months of the year. So there's definitely nothing even remotely close to demand constraints on the Tesla Energy side. It's entirely getting the engineering done, getting it validated, getting UL certification, scaling up all elements of the supply chain and being able to produce in volume. So the reason it's tricky to predict is because the volume ramp looks like an exponential and so if you move the dates around even a little bit, it can quite significantly change what occurs in a quarter just because the production ramp is an exponential and shifts up a couple weeks, it can make the quarter look low, but actually it's in vertical climb mode. So the following quarter will look amazing. So what I'm highly confident of is that the next generation of stationary charge is head and shoulders above anything else that I've even heard announced as future plans from other companies.
Elon Reeve Musk: Particularly when it's new technology. If it's some standard technology to make for one time, it's fine. It's cutting edge technology, it's really hard to scale up production, because you've got to design the machine that makes the machine, not just the machine itself. But the results can be amazing. Like I said, it's going be head and shoulders above anything else. It's better than anything I've heard anyone even announce that they will do in near future, and we will do it in the present.
Elon Reeve Musk: The Model 3 – the internal name for designing the machine makes the machine is the – we call it the alien dreadnought. At the point at which the factory looks like an alien dreadnought, then you know you've won. It's like, what the hell is that? So we've got alien dreadnought version 0.5 will be Model 3. It will take us another year get to version 1 and probably a major version every two years thereafter. By version 3, it won't look like anything else. It might look like a giant chip pick-and-place machine or a super high-speed bottling or canning plant, and you really can't have people in the production line itself. Otherwise you'll automatically drop to people speed. There's still a lot of people at the factory, but what they're doing is maintaining the machines, upgrading them, dealing with anomalies. But in the production process itself there essentially would be no people.
Elon Reeve Musk: With version 1, not version 0.5. But I don't want people to think, oh, Tesla's going to have a factory without people. It's going be a huge number of people, but they will be maintaining machines and upgrading the machines and dealing with anomalies. And the output per person will be extraordinarily high.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, if you exclude Model 3 CapEx ramp, then – well in fact, really for Q3 and for Q4, Tesla would be profitable excluding the Model 3 CapEx ramp.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, yes, actually if I could say something and I'd really want to emphasize this quite strongly and I hope it does get picked up in the media is that the California Air Resources Board is being incredibly weak in its application of ZEV credits. The standards are pathetically low. They need to be increased. There's massive lobbying by the big car companies to prevent CARB from increasing the ZEV credits mandate, which they absolutely damn well should. It's a crying shame that they haven't. And as a result, you can barely sell the ZEV credit for pennies on the dollar.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, full autonomy is really a software limitation. I mean the hardware is just to create full autonomy, so it's really about developing advanced, narrow AI for the car to operate on. I want to emphasize narrow AI, it's like not going to take over the world, but it needs to be really good at driving a car. So increasingly sophisticated neural maps that can operate in reasonably sized computers in the car. That's our focus. I'm very optimistic about this. It's exciting, it blows me away, the progress we're making. So I think if I'm this close to it and it's blowing me away, it's really going to blow other people away when they see it for the first time.
Elon Reeve Musk: All right. I think we'll just take a few more questions. So let's maybe do this and one or two more and call it a day.
Elon Reeve Musk: I think the quality of the ride is always going to matter, and yeah, nobody wants to drive if you're sitting in stop-and-go traffic. That's boring. But if you're driving on a beautiful country road or along the seaside, then I think it feels wonderful to drive, and you want to do that. So I don't think cars are going to just become some boring utility.
Elon Reeve Musk: I think we want to postpone anything that's a heavy capital impact until after the Model 3 production is ramped. We don't want to stack Model 3 CapEx on top of other program CapEx, but there's a lot we can do. Because the development of a vehicle, there's a long sort of tail at the beginning of a development of a vehicle which involves a lot of time, but doesn't involve a lot of cost. It's only when you begin tooling up for production that the cost really ramps dramatically. So there's a lot we can do before we actually dive into ramp CapEx, and we won't do that for any products until after Model 3's in high production. Yeah, but I think there's going be some pretty exciting unveils for the Tesla Semi and Tesla Minibus or bus. We don't actually have a name for it yet. That's just off of the Model X platform, so just doesn't involve a lot of CapEx actually. But we expect to probably unveil those, I think, for the middle of next year, maybe in the next six months to nine months type of thing, and then have a better, a more fleshed out plan for when those would enter production. But they would enter production within like low single-digit years, not like – I mean I consider like anything past five years as infinity.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I mean, also to be clear like the priority vehicle development after the Model 3 would be the Model Y, I guess, the compact SUV, because that's also a car that where we expect to see demand in the 500,000 to 1,000,000 unit per year level. So it's the obvious priority after the Model 3.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, excluding Model 3 CapEx. The real question on profitability is where do we set the dial on growth? And obviously, if you set the dial on growth to be super high, then you face dilution because of that increased capital. If you set it too low, there's less dilution but then you grow slower. So you want to set it at the right level where your – the right mix of dilution and growth. I mean, as it is, it's just important to bear in mind, like as a manufacturing company, our percentage growth, I think it's unprecedented in the modern era. It's really nutty. I mean, in 2010, we were making 600 cars a year and Lotus was doing the chassis, body and chassis. And then five years later, we are making 50,000. And it was a much more sophisticated car with Model X and we were doing the whole car without any partner. So when you have like an insane percentage growth like that in the manufacturing company, it's not like you're shipping copies of software here, it's a real tricky strategic business to, where do you set things from a solution versus growth standpoint? So, I mean, the right way to look at the product line – the company's – let's just say the product line and say and value them as – sort of do an NPV of the product lines. And then for any given product line you can say, okay, this is what that is likely to be worth. The Model S, the Model X, the Model 3 and then you can parse it out relative to the CapEx on new vehicles. And to the degree that the past predicts the future, then you can pretty much count on like the new vehicle program also being incredibly valuable and something where it would be mad not to spend the money to do it. But when all of that's lumped together can be confusing. And then they will think Tesla's a money-losing company but well, not really. Not if you're growing at like 100% a year or in the case of next year, I mean our unit volume – we'll probably exit next year at unit volume that's 200% or 300% what our current volume is, maybe 400%. So it's just real important to parse things out and to understand what the real health of the business is. Right now, I mean in a nutshell, we're shipping $10 billion a year of product on an annualized basis at somewhere around 23% to 25% gross margin.
