Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. Thanks, Martin. Just to continue on Elon’s theme, I just want to thank and congratulate the Tesla team for achieving record vehicle deliveries, production and storage deployments in the third quarter. On automotive profitability, our GAAP operating margin was 17.2% with automotive gross margin at 27.9%. Operating margin is one of our best yet, with improvements in operating leverage. However, Austin and Berlin ramp costs weighed on our margins, particularly if you compare it to Q1. Removing regulatory credits and Austin and Berlin, our operating margins would have been our strongest yet and auto gross margin would have been nearly 30%. Note that while small and growing, each car we build in Austin and Berlin is contributing positively to profitability. We also continue to experience margin headwinds associated with macroeconomic conditions, as we’ve discussed at length on prior calls. In particular, raw materials, logistics and foreign exchange was a big part of this past quarter. On energy profitability, we achieved our strongest gross profit yet for this business, driven primarily by record volumes of our Megapack and Powerwall products. Our free cash flows were also a record despite an increase in cars in transit at the end of the quarter, which has a negative impact on working capital. Specifically on cars in transit, as noted in our press release on October 2nd, we’ve started to experience limits on outbound logistics capacity which we didn’t anticipate. This issue is particularly present for ships from Shanghai to Europe and local trucking within certain parts of the U.S. and Europe. Our historical operating pattern of batch building by delivery region leads to extreme concentrations of outbound logistics needs in the final weeks of each quarter. Just to put this in perspective, roughly two-thirds of our Q3 deliveries occurred in September and one-third in the final two weeks. As a result, we’ve begun to smooth the regional builds throughout the quarter to reduce our peak needs for outbound logistics. We expect this to simplify our operations, reduce costs and improve the experience of our customers. As we look ahead, our plans show that we’re on track for the 50% annual growth in production this year, although we are tracking supply chain risks which are beyond our control. On the delivery side, we do expect to be just under 50% growth due to an increase in the cars in transit at the end of the year, as noted, just above. This means that, again, you should expect a gap between production and deliveries in Q4, and those cars in transit will be delivered shortly to their customers upon arrival to their destination in Q1. Austin and Berlin ramp costs will continue to weigh on margins, although we expect the impact to be less than what we saw in Q3. And as Elon mentioned, we are continuing to build as many cars as possible while also maintaining strong operating margins. Thank you.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. We view that passing of the Inflation Reduction Act as a significant boost towards accelerating automation, while also scaling the battery supply chain at large in the United States. We expect Treasury to publish detailed guidance by the end of the year. Until such time, it’s difficult to fully determine the eligibility criteria, but we believe Tesla is very well positioned to capture a significant share of that for solar storage and also electric vehicles.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes, I can take that. I think two points on this question. The first is just that based upon everything that we know, we don’t see this as a large risk to the Company. Even if production did go down for a period of time, this is on near term, it doesn’t have any impact on the long term of the Company.
Zachary Kirkhorn: No. And we put in place backup plans, and we’re working through the supply chain as well. Nearly all of our suppliers are prepared as well. So, we’ll see how this plays out, but it’s not something that we’re terribly worried about.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes, ramp is going well, as Elon said. Total output is up 3x quarter-over-quarter, and production is tracking to exceed 1,000 car cells per week this quarter, as we said last quarter. Our focus is now shifting from 100% ramp to cost and further expanding production capacity in North America, as Elon also mentioned. On the 2170 versus 4680, in our factories, we really attempt to minimize factory complexity and product changeover while still making sure we get enough new product into the field to learn how it is performing. And that sort of mix is going to shift as 4680 scales here and the overall factory ramp proceeds in Texas.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Just to add before you jump in, Martin. Just to echo Elon’s point, I mean, I think where our cash balance is, what our forecasted cash generation is, where our margins are as a company, I mean we can withstand quite a lot of downside before we would have to dig into our capital plans, Supercharger expansion, product lineup. So, the business has done quite well over the last handful of quarters. And this is a real opportunity, I think, for the Company to press forward, in most aggressive way, as Elon has mentioned.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. I mean, our operating leverage has improved quite a bit. It’s the lowest this quarter, I think, ever, and by a decent amount, OpEx as a percentage of revenue. I mean, our forecast is that it will keep reducing. I mean, I think the way to think about it is our total amount of operating expenses will slowly tick up as the company grows. It’s very hard to keep it flat with the rapid growth of the Company, but it’s growing much slower. So some amount of growth there, but the top line of the business is growing so quickly. So, I think there continues to be enormous opportunity to improve the overhead efficiency of the business, and we’re seeing it.
Zachary Kirkhorn: I mean, like we don’t have to spend billions of dollars to invest in the future and invent the future. Engineers are also cost conscious. And we don’t just burn the money out the window when we’re trying to do R&D. I wouldn’t stop looking at like R&D as a cash investment for...
Zachary Kirkhorn: And cost of shipping has come down tremendously. Like last year, the cost of a container on the spot market from Shanghai got as high as $20,000. And now it’s $3,500, $3,600. It’s that kind of reality. We’re seeing deflation in a lot of commodities with a few exceptions as Elon mentioned on batteries.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. Just to add a little bit more context. So, commodity increases were the highest in Q3 that we’ve seen over the last two years. And so, when indexes change, it does take time before they fully reflect.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. And so what -- at least of what we know so far, the peak on the commodity side in Q3 -- I say peak, hopefully, it stays the peak, hopefully, it starts to come down. There is a small amount of production that we’re seeing going into our Q4 cost structure from steel and aluminum primarily, but it’s less than 10% of the total increases we’ve seen so far. So we’re optimistic here based upon what we’re seeing on the indexes for some of our cost structure that this will start to come in over time. But I just want to set expectations that there’s not some windfall of cost reduction in this space coming in Q4, maybe some as we go into next year.
Elon Musk: Yes, like I said, we’re -- like I said earlier, we’re going to go basically pedal to the metal as fast as humanly possible to get to 1,000 gigawatt hours a year of production in the U.S. vertically integrated.
Elon Musk: Well, it’s -- there’s definitely -- China is experiencing adverse of a recession of sorts, which is property market -- simply from a property market mostly. And Europe has recession of sorts driven by energy. The U.S. actually isn’t -- North America is in a pretty good health, although the Fed is raising interest rates more than they should, but I think they’ll eventually realize that and bring back down again. Demand is a little higher than it would otherwise be. But as I said earlier, we are extremely confident of the great Q4, and we anticipate continuing to grow our vehicle production, sales deliveries by -- on average 50% a year as far into the future as we can see.
Elon Musk: Actually one caveat, I should say, growing production by 50% every year because deliveries -- we’re trying to smooth out the deliveries and not have this crazy delivery rate at the end of every quarter, so. In fact, we’re just fundamentally running out of -- there weren’t enough boats, there weren’t enough trains, there weren’t enough car carriers to actually support the wave because it got too big. So, whether we like it or not, we actually have to smooth out the delivery of cars intra-quarter because there aren’t just enough transportation objects to move them around.
Elon Musk: Well, like I said, we want to sort of focus on a high level on what we think is possible here. We -- to the best of our knowledge, we believe that Tesla will continue to grow deliveries and revenue production at a 50% or greater compound annual growth rate. It might occasionally be a year that is a little less, and then some years would be maybe a little more or a lot more. In some of our out-year planning, we see potential annual growth rates that are in excess of 50%.
Elon Musk: Yes. We could, but who wants? Sorry, guys, we can’t like jumping on, on future product announcement.
Elon Musk: Yes, we obviously are -- yes. But we’ll also be committed to continuous growth. Yes. At Tesla, we’ve always been committed to continuous improvement. So, as friends might have asked me like, when should I buy a car, I’m like now because we just keep improving the cars.
Elon Musk: Yes, there’s still latest Tesla. I don’t really -- yes, the -- every now and again, we do have some big technology upgrade, like Plaid. And by the way, I think the Plaid Model S and X are the best cars on earth. There’s nothing even close, in my opinion. Just try one. Epic.
Elon Musk: But we don’t -- we have no indication whatsoever that we will have to cut our production in Germany.
Elon Musk: Great. Yes, the car is going to be sick and -- sick. That is going to be a hall of famer, next level. Sorry, it took longer than expected, but there were a few things that got in the way, like insane global supply chain shortages like FedEx, which are force majeures if everyone.
Elon Musk: Of course. There’s Tesla Semi, of course. So, we’ll be handing over our first production Tesla Semis to Pepsi on December 1st. I’ll be there in person. And we will begin ramping up production of the Tesla Semi, which is a max low, heavy -- heavy truck. That’s a Class A truck, Class A truck.
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly, very important, no sacrifice to cargo capacity, 500-mile range. Just to be clear, 500 miles with the cargo. Yes, 500 miles with the cargo on level ground. Yes, sure. Not up. It’s excellent. But the point is, it’s a long-range truck and even with heavy cargo. And the number of times people tell, no, you can’t -- it’s impossible to make a long-range heavy-duty Class A truck. And then, I’ll ask, well, what are your assumptions about what hour kilogram and what hours per mile, and they look at me with a blank stare and then say hydrogen. I’m like, no, that’s not the answer, I was looking for numbers, literally. It’s not a number. It’s [indiscernible] table. You obviously don’t need hydrogen for heavy truck. And we’ll be ramping up Semi production through next year. As I think everyone knows at this point, it takes about a year to ramp up production. So, we expect to see significant -- we’re tentatively aiming for 50,000 units in 2024 for Tesla Semi in North America. And obviously, we’ll expand beyond North America. And these would sell -- I don’t want to say the exact prices, but they’re much more than a passenger vehicle. So, with a few thousand heavy trucks of this nature, it would be worth several Model Ys.
Elon Musk: Right. Basically, production of 4680 ramp is growing exponentially. And yes, it’s going well. We’re just looking at this -- just going to be a major pack in the future.
Elon Musk: Yes. And like I said, we’re -- our goal is to strive towards 1,000 gigawatt hours a year of annualized production in United States alone by Tesla, not including [indiscernible], will be on top of that.
Elon Musk: Yes, there’s roughly -- to transition to sustainable energy, our calculation for both stationary and vehicles is 300,000 to 400,000 gigawatt hours or 300 to 400 terawatt hours.
Elon Musk: Yes. On the cathode side -- we think it will probably be iron and most of the iron -- iron can scale to very, very high tonnage and then some nickel. The exact percentages are hard to figure out, but it’s -- probably be twice as much iron cathodes as they call, maybe more. And then there’s the manganese wildcard as well.
Elon Musk: Well, to be frank, we’re very pedal to the metal come rain or shine. So, we are not reducing our production in a meaningful way, recession or not recession.
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly. So I think the public, at large, realizes that everyone’s moving towards electric vehicles and that it’s foolish to actually buy a new gasoline car at this point because the residual value of that gasoline car is going to be very low. So, I think we have to be in a very good spot. But I wouldn’t say it’s recession proof, but it’s certainly recession resilient because basically earth has -- people both have in large part made the decision to move away from gasoline cars to electric cars. And then, in transitioning a generation to sustainable, you need solar and wind with the stationary battery pack to buffer the power. So, you have 24/7 power because the wind doesn’t go -- travel time. So that also -- we actually see the energy storage business, stationary storage, growing more like 150% to 200% a year, faster than cars by a lot.
Elon Musk: Yes. And we try to model out like, let’s say, 2023 is a brutal recession year. Even then, we generate meaningful cash. Once you get out of that…
Elon Musk: Well, we don’t want to talk exact dates, but this is a -- I mean, the primary focus of our new vehicle development team, obviously. At this point, we’ve done the engineering for Cybertrucks and for Semi. So, it’s obviously against what we’re working on, which is the next-generation vehicle, which will be probably about the cost of 3 and Y platform. It will be smaller, to be clear. But it will, I think, certainly become -- certainly exceed the production of all our other vehicles combined. I mean, obviously, we’re going to take everything we learned from S, X, 3, Y, Cybertruck and Semi and forward into that platform. But we -- as you’ve said to us many times, we’re on a 2-for-1 target. So, we’re trying to get to that 50% number again. It’s like, we’re going to take two. That’s exactly what [indiscernible] how we make two cars for the amount of effort that currently takes us to make one Model 3.
Elon Musk: We’re twice the output. And we do believe this can be done. By the way, I should mention that -- when I said that probably now that I see a path in extremely -- very difficult path, incredible execution required, a massive amount of hard work and some luck to get to where Tesla is with as much as Apple and Saudi Aramco combined, I wasn’t including Optimus.
Elon Musk: We’ll do whatever we have to. Whatever the limiting factor is, we’ll do. We do not personally constrain ourselves. We don’t particularly integrate just for the hell of particularly integrating. Like if there was a great supplier who’s better than us or we think actively is very good, or even where the economics of comparative advantage suggest that we should use that supplier, even if we could beat them, but we could use our resources to do something else that will be more productive, then we would in source in that case. But if we have to go mine, we will mine.
Elon Musk: Well, I mean, I think the message to the government would be that there should be -- I should say, we’ve actually had conversations with a number of senior government leaders, White House, Congress and whatnot. And the suggestion that we have is that there should be an expedited permitting process for anything which is critical to a sustainable energy future. So, it doesn’t make sense to put like a coal mine and a sustainable energy battery like lithium mine in the same category. Coal does not in the future, lithium does. And by the way, you can extract lithium with almost no disturbance to the local environment. So, it’s not actually ugly, nasty mine situation. So, I would recommend expedited permitting would really be helpful. Basically, a fast track environmentally -- I think in sense fast track things that are important for the environment and humanity for sure. That seems logical. And the reception has been positive. So, we’ll see if something happens with that. I think probably on this earnings call, we’re not ready to go into financial details of the -- what it will take to get there. But what we are seeing is practical improvements as we redesign the whole supply chain and all of the elements that go into battery cell. We’re figuring out dramatic efficiencies. And I think we’ll -- net result which would be that the capital required to achieve that level of output will be much less than what people think.
Elon Musk: We -- as I said earlier, we’re expecting to release the full self-driving software to anyone who orders the package by the end of this year. So, a separate matter as to will it have regulatory approval. It won’t have regulatory approval at that time. But the car will be able to take you from your home to your work, your friend’s house, to the grocery store without you touching wheel. So, it’s looking very good.
Elon Musk: Well, there’s - this debate is like what’s the -- what are the interventions per mile and maybe safety interventions per mile. Like we’re not saying that that’s quite ready to have no one behind the wheel. It’s just that you will almost never have to touch the control, vehicle controllers. So, like when I came to Giga Texas from Brent’s house, I never touched any of the controls already here. And then there is a longer process of like called the march of nines of like how many nines reliability do you need before you could really be comfortable saying that the car could drive with no one in it. And that’s some subjectivity as to how many nines you need. But I think we’ll be pretty close to having enough nines that you’re going to have no one in the car by the end of this year. And certainly, without a question, that’s whatever in my mind next year. I think we’ll also have an update next year to be able to show to regulators that the car is safer much so than the average human.
Elon Musk: Yes. Look, we are in the -- at least for now, quite in a good position of -- we’re investing in everything we can think of to possibly invest in, and we’re still generating cash. So, I guess, it gets a pretty good place to be.
Elon Musk: No. It isn’t because like it’s not like -- it’s not like engineers -- they’re not generic. So it’s just like if you could you spend $5 billion or $10 billion, that will like -- that your actual R&D -- useful product ship will be proportionate to that. It’s just not true. Engineers on -- coming off some assembly line like cookies or something.
Elon Musk: Get optimistic. Don’t change things. What matters is where are the most brilliant people working? And Tesla remains the -- Tesla and SpaceX are two companies where the smartest engineers want to work.
Elon Musk: I think 1 nickel Tesla is frankly worth an infinite number of dollars. You could have like a -- almost same the number of credit shares and they would not be able to do work 1 nickel of Tesla we can do. You can’t make it up in volume.
Elon Musk: Well, we’re looking at the prices of -- prices closely. I mean, obviously, anyone can just Google what the price of -- future price of copper or steel is going to be. It’s just like one Google Search away. And everyone can see that the commodities on a go-forward basis are on a dropping a lot. But in electric vehicles, things like battery-grade lithium are still crazy expensive. So, we’ve got a mixture of things where prices are dropping and things where prices are increasing.
Elon Musk: And again, this is publicly available information. Anyone could just Google it. And I think Cathie Wood at Ark Invest is making this point over and over again, to the Fed and the Fed is not listening because they’re looking at the rearview mirror instead of looking out the front windshield.
Elon Musk: That’s why I say that the Fed’s decisions make sense if you’re looking out through the rearview mirror, but not if you look out the windshield. And actually we’ve got front windshield.
Elon Musk: It’s not clear to me what the overlap is. It’s not zero, but it’s -- I think we’re reaching. I’m not worried about it. I’m not an investor. I’m an engineer and a manufacturing person and a technologist. So, I actually work and design and develop products. That’s what I do. So, it’s not a -- we’re not going to have a portfolio sort of investments over it. So, I don’t know. I don’t see obvious sort of some -- get combined under an umbrella, at least right now. So, I am excited about the Twitter situation because obviously another part incredibly well. And I think it’s massive that this sort of languished for a long time, but has an incredible potential. Although, obviously, myself and the other investors are obviously overpaying for Twitter right now, the long-term potential for Twitter, in my view, is, in order of magnitude, greater than its current value.
Elon Musk: Yes. I mean, it’s a hot pond but we’re solving it. And I think -- we still feel confident that 4680 will be the most competitive battery cell in the world.
Elon Musk: Yes. And I think, once we are fully integrated, I think we still do see a path to hold roughly $70 a kilowatt hour cell -- $70 per kilowatt hour cell, before any incentive.
Elon Musk: Yes. And yes, I mean -- and our output 4680 is growing exponentially. But it’s worth bearing in mind like there are entire highly competitive companies that are very smart that all they do is make battery cells. This is simply one segment of Tesla. So, it’s not a total...
Elon Musk: We’ll achieve full self-driving full autonomy -- I look at that occurring is 100%. And I think we’ll -- we’re almost there. And then, of course, we’ve got to prove it to regulators and get the regulatory approvals, which is outside of our control. But anyone who’s driving full self-driving cars -- has full self-driving Beta in the car, you can see the rate of improvement. You can just experience for yourself that we are, in fact, getting there. In fact, we almost are there. And so, we’re probably -- achieving that 100%. The Optimus, probably of that being a successful product, I think, it’s also extremely high given enough time, 100%. Dojo, just maybe more of a question around Dojo, like can we be competitive with NVIDIA GPUs even as NVIDIA continues to rapidly evolve their GPUs. So the jury is out on Dojo. Dojo team, they can outperform NVIDIA for Neuralink training. The jury’s out. We will probably know -- I don’t know, next year, if that’s true or not. But we think we’ll probably -- we think it’s -- this is -- the architecture of Dojo is the right architecture to win. Yes. It depends on how well we execute in that architecture.
Martin Viecha: Thank you. Let’s go to the next question. The next question is, what updates can you offer on the backlog and the recent order intake trends, especially outside of the U.S. and especially in China?”
Martin Viecha: Thank you. The next question is, do you still expect 50% annualized growth for the foreseeable future? Is this also true specifically for the Chinese domestic market? Do you expect to need to cut vehicle prices or offer incentives in any market to sustain a demand, or has demand remained stable, or is it even rising? There are three questions there.
Martin Viecha: Thank you. The next question is, “We keep hearing of dire energy crisis in Germany this winter. What are Tesla’s plans to combat power cuts? And will there be any delays in ramp-up in production from Giga Berlin because of this?”
Martin Viecha: Thank you. And the next question is, “How is production planning going for the Cybertruck? What is the initial Phase 1 production target? When can we expect an update on pricing and final design?”
Martin Viecha: Thank you. Let’s go to analyst questions next. The first question comes from Adam Jonas from Morgan Stanley. Adam, go ahead and unmute.
Martin Viecha: Thank you very much. Let’s go to the next question from Colin Langan from Wells Fargo. Colin, go ahead and unmute.
Martin Viecha: Thank you very much. I think, unfortunately, it’s all the time that we have today. So, thank you so much for your great questions, and look forward to talking to you in about three months from now. Thank you, and have a good day.
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean, as Elon said earlier, we’d be -- facilities preparations here in Giga Texas for Cybertruck. We’re still on track to enter early production in the middle of next year. We started our data builds of all of the battery body in existing...
Unidentified Company Representative: In a few weeks. That’s going well, and we continue ramping up through the end of next year and into 2023.
Unidentified Company Representative: And on that note, we’re pursuing aggressively North American iron supplies. And how -- yes, we can talk more about that at a future date.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. So, we have a cross-functional team that’s looking very closely. As you mentioned, the sourcing threshold increases by the year. So, we’re looking at all options and also getting some clarification from Treasury. That’s -- it’s important to say that’s only a fraction of the other credits. We do manufacture ourselves in the U.S. We manufacture the modules in the U.S. So, that’s a pretty thin. So yes, we feel confident that we’ll have a path as these incentives -- as the threshold sort of increases by the year.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. I would say quarter-over-quarter, steel -- aluminum has stopped anywhere between 17% to 20% at the same time on the battery side.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I’ll take the second question first. At Battery Day, we showed a time line out to 2026 for all of the ideas we had proposed and had shared with everybody then.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. I mean, but just that’s the rough -- just give to you all -- it’s on that order. It’s not like a month. It’s not six months. It’s years. And we are executing on all of those different ideas pretty aggressively in parallel with the OpEx that some people think isn’t enough, but we’re getting it done.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, yes. We’re great talent, like we find someone awesome, we bring them into the company. And people shouldn’t believe we are turning people away.
Unidentified Company Representative: It’s the whole system around it, right? It’s not necessarily a specific form factor. It’s the attention to detail on how to bring costs out of the manufacturing process -- or remove processing steps.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. And for those who watched the YouTube videos, like our on-site cathode facilities coming together, I’m really excited about that, which is a part of the plan that we discussed on Battery Day.
Unidentified Company Representative: In Corpus Christi. So, we’re making -- putting our money where our mouths are and all the various efforts that we discussed on Battery Day. On the technical challenges and the ramp question, which is your first question of 4680, no ramp is ever easy even at the end when you’re 80% to the end, like it’s still very challenging to get to the end. And that sort of leaning out of yields, the final cycle time to achieve target. You mentioned logistics. It’s not something that we’re specifically focused on, I guess, but eventually could be a problem as we’re talking about hundreds of gigawatt hours at different sites across the United States. But I would never sit here and say we have no challenges remaining, but we’ve made a lot of progress reducing technical risk in many areas. Cycle times have dramatically improved. Yield has dramatically improved. And just walking the line here in Texas, like Martin was walking it yesterday, made some comments to me. You really see the acceleration around you. And we’ve made a ton of simplifications moving from the Fremont factory to Texas, and it’s coming to play in speed of ramp here. And of course, that’s on one line of many here in Texas. So it’s not like factory to factory. It’s a multiplication of both, simplicity and scale. So yes, we’re excited about where it’s headed.
