Elon Musk: Okay. There is like few questions in there. Yeah, so we’re expecting a decline in the credit revenue for Q2 and then probably fairly significant decline in Q3 and as I said back right now, we’re not expecting anything in Q4. That’s our – I mean, it might be some ZEV credit revenue in Q4, but we’re not accounting on it. I don’t have – I can’t give anymore precision than that at this time. The …
Elon Musk: Yeah. I think it's worth noting that in probably Q1, despite actually spending quite a lot of money on new service centers, expanding Supercharger network stores and other things that obviously we don't need to keep doing – that's something that's going to need to occur on an ongoing basis, but really test this out. We need to establish a service network and in particular the company.
Elon Musk: Sure. It's worth noting that when you see the gross margin for Q1, we're giving you obviously the gross margin average over the quarter. And so the gross margin at the end of Q1 was significantly better than at the beginning of Q1. So you may still think of we're starting from a base of 5% or 6%, but actually we're starting from a base that's better than that. And then in terms of whether additional cost risks are coming from, it's a wide range of activities. Most of these have been put in place either in Q4 last year or Q1, but it takes time for those actions to bear fruit, but they don't happen instantly. And it's improving and the cost of our logistics improving, getting better deals from suppliers, design improvements, (indiscernible) are the ones that take the longest to come to fruition which is why we're only confident of the 25% gross margin number in sooner not sooner is because there are a number of prudence that have validated too – that have finished the designs that are validated and then put into production.
Elon Musk: Yeah, a number of our suppliers have really done some impressive work on cost reduction. And for some others that they just didn't believe that we do these numbers. So they didn't quite tool up for this level of production, because they’re in total predictions were that we would do in some cases 3,000 over the entire lifetime of the product. We did that last quarter, so they can't believe that those things – that these projections are real and they actually tool up and are able to deliver significant cost savings for our product supply.
Elon Musk: Yeah, we actually expect probably most of our purchases long-term will be finance purchase’s which is actually normal for premium sedans, they’re majority financed. And in fact in our case, it might end up being a super majority because, I think that the best way to appreciate the savings you get from gasoline is to look at it on a monthly basis. In the U.S. you’ll maybe save $200 to $300 a month in gasoline relative to electricity cost if it's your daily driver. In Europe obviously that number can be double; it can be maybe $500 a month if you’re driving because the cost of gasoline is twice as much. So, I think given that, I think we’ll see over time my guess is that it will be a super majority financed in one form or another. And I believe that also opens up the potential, before going to the car to a much broader -- a much large number of people. And think if, like if our car was exclusively available for purchase and not via financing I think that maybe accessible to 1% or roughly 1 million U.S. households. As a financed product with the right financing, sort of fully optimized financing product I think it's probably accessible to the top 10 million households. And then of course it depends on what percentage I have of those households will want to buy our car versus somebody else’s. But I do think that it's long-term it's primarily a financed product.
Elon Musk: Yeah, sure. Well, I think we’ll see probably at least 10,000 units a year from demand in Europe, and then at least 5000 in Asia, but I mean, that could be or so much bigger number and China is kind of the wildcard here. Its worth noting that all of the cars – all the sales to-date including all the way through end of Q2 is 100% North American.
Elon Musk: Sure. Well, we don't have any plans right now to raise funding. Potentially we expect to be – we were positive cash flow in Q1 and we expect to be there relatively sort of neutral on cash flow in Q2. But if it was possible, we could be optimistic about raising a round, but we have spent no time on that at all. So if we were to do a round, it would be for the reasons that you mentioned which is to ensure that if there was some unexpected supply interruption, some sort of risk event, but should potentially protect against a portion of your event that there could be some merit to doing a round.
Elon Musk: Obviously given that the first half year is entirely North America that also puts a flow of 10,000. If we stop shipping to North America on July 1st, then we would still have something like 10,000 North American cars. So we're not going to do that. But do not take these numbers as final in any way, but if I'm asked to sort of speculate, I think it's probably something 13,000 in North America and 5,000 in Europe and 1,000 in Asia. But this is – don't hold me to these numbers. I don't want to put – what I just (indiscernible) I want to brag to it with the appropriate confidence. That's my best guess. Those numbers could be different.
Elon Musk: Our focus has been sort of more on just operating efficiently as a company and building cars that any (indiscernible) can just may improving the gross margin as well as ensuring we have really good service. We have a good, okay service. We're working hard on making the service great. I think we haven't really tried to push volume super hard yet, because I think you need to make sure that staff is in order and the car is being made as efficiently as it can be made before you try to push volume. So that's why we haven't tried to do that. And I think there's a potential for next year, a fairly significant increase in volume as we really test the depth of the demand that's out there. I think it's probably quite a bit higher than what we had originally thought. But like I said, we don't want to just ramp volume and if it's not, how it's taken care of gross margin or have that service and just dumping products on the market. I don’t think that sort of the line is course of action. But we’ll still exceed I think what most people are expecting us to do.
Elon Musk: Yeah, we’re definitely seeing a meaningful improvement in demand as a result of the financing project that’s – that had quite an effect on people. I mentioned sort of in a – in some prior (indiscernible) unit, like at Silver City we saw just a monster increase in demand when we went from selling people, sold the systems as purchase product versus the finance product, which really an order of magnitude difference in demand as a financed product business versus purchased. I don’t they will see anything on that scale at Tesla, but I do think its going to be pretty significant and it’s a fact.
Elon Musk: … which is not, I mean, we will sell them if we can, but as we really anticipate saturating demand for ZEV credits, probably in the third quarter. So maybe that’s not true, but I wouldn’t – for purposes of modeling our financials, I’d recommend assuming zero percent credits in Q4.
Elon Musk: Yeah it seems to be based on fundamental affordability rather than any particular prior car that they have.
Elon Musk: Well, we certainly are making progress on the Model X. Our focus in the second quarter is to finalize the design, so it will be internal economics and the shape of the car. It isn't yet our top focus because our top focus is on improving the efficiency of Model S production and service. But it will become our top focus towards the end of this year. We are expecting to start production of Model X towards the end of the next year rather than the beginning, but I think we've already stated that a few times. So I don't think – just for everyone let's just say that's not new news.
Elon Musk: We do think the mix 60 kilowatt hour is going to increase. We think more people will find – I mean long term, I think it might be a majority of people who buy the 60 kilowatt hour version. But thus far it's been sort of more like at the kind of 35% level on the 60 kilowatt hour car, but I think that's going to increase. I think roughly half of people are enabling Supercharger at the time of purchase, but I think that number is likely to – I think that may increase in the future. You can enable the Supercharger at any time after buying the car for a slightly higher amount. So I think over time, most 60 kilowatt hour cars will have the Supercharger enabled either by the initial buyer or a future buyer.
Elon Musk: We're already doing that. We're actually already diverting resources onto the next stage. So that will keep increasing through this quarter and next. And probably by sometime next quarter, middle or end of next quarter, our future products will be our priority because we'll be oriented to be or at least we will have done the things we needed to do in order to achieve our gross margin numbers. Because of the time taken from when the parts are ordered to arriving, to be put in the car, car gets sold to a customer, we receive a check. It's kind of a couple of months in there. So even when we've made a cost improvement, it takes, call it, six to eight weeks for that cost improvement to actually show up in our financials. So even though we see that – unless we really screwed the pooch, you'll see the 25% gross margin number in Q4. The actions necessary to take that actually have been completed in Q3, which means that we will in Q3 have turned to Model X and other things as our priority.
Elon Musk: Yeah, actually there seems to be an out-financing program and financing in general because a lot of customers will finance through an institution that’s not us. I mean, I think the total number, state of the cars being financed is probably halfish of which half of those are through the Tesla financing program in partnership with Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank. So, that’s – I guess, the way to think about it. But I like to, I do think that the percentage of finance prices will increase both Tesla financed and third party finance.
Elon Musk: Yeah, so now we’ve changed the (indiscernible) because previously it was kind of (indiscernible) we’re making it hard for people to buy the car. You’d see, if you put down $5000 of reservation without actually configuring the car or knowing how much it costs, and then a lot of people would kind of get shocked by; oh, if you had all options you want, its more specific than you think, so then they cancel. So, now we don’t do that and (indiscernible) you now order the car with the configuration that you want. You’ve got two weeks to change that configuration or cancel, and then after two weeks the deposit becomes non-refundable and the configuration is locked. So, that’s sort of how things are working now.
Elon Musk: I should mention we’re not thinking of reducing the initial deposit number, because we don’t – we don’t really need the cash at this point. And when somebody puts down 5K they – we’ve got to pay credit card processing fees on that, so it's kind of an unnecessary cost. So we’re thinking about reducing it from $5000 to some other number. We haven't made a final decision on that, but I think it probably makes sense just in terms of the cost reduction.
Elon Musk: Yeah, it actually, I mean, our margin is slightly improved the financing versus approaches, because we’re sharing the interest revenue that’s generated by the Tesla finance partners.
Elon Musk: No, no change really. I'd say we're – we think we'll be at 25% on average for all of Q4. I'm fairly certain we'll be at 25% before the end of Q4 and I think it's likely that will be a 25% on average in Q4.
Elon Musk: It's a low percentage conversion. I mean a lot of people in and educate them about Tesla and the brand. So that's our marketing strategy which is different from a typical car company. And so just a typical metric of conversion for traffic is not exactly applicable. I mean there's a lot of people that buy T-shirt. Our apparel sales are actually not bad. I think we could actually do a lot more on that front. We actually have millions of dollars in apparel sales, but we're not really trying hard. I think probably a better metric would be conversion after – of a qualified lead after a test drive. And we're seeing something like 25% conversion after a test drive which is quite high.
Elon Musk: As I said, there'd be a service announcement. Our service has been okay but not great, but it's improving swiftly with these passing weeks. And we did have some issues there with – we've got quite a fancy door handle and occasionally the sensor would malfunction on the door handle. So you pull on the door handle and it wouldn't open. Obviously, it's quite taxing for a customer. But we've addressed that root cause and so essentially the door handle incidents have gone to virtually zero since we introduced the new version of the door handle and then we're retroactively addressing door handle issues or addressing for the fleet that's on the road, we're kind of fixing the door handles which in a lot of cases just can be done with a remote firmware update. I think the door handle has been a issue; we've actually ironically had an issue with the 12 volt lead-acid battery. There's a little 12 volt lead-acid auxiliary battery that we bought from quite a reputable supplier, American company who then outsourced it to China, who then outsourced it to Vietnam. And so we thought we’re getting fairly good battery, but by the time it have been outsourced to multiple levels, it turned out to be not so great. And so we have to – number of those batteries have had a much shorter life than expected, so that cause some customer unhappiness. We’re since implemented a few months ago; much better screening of the battery packs and now have a substantially improved pack going into cars.
Deepak Ahuja: Ben, Deepak here. Clearly some of the CapEx is related to improvements we’re making in-house by bringing more equipment in and automating our processes, better results in gross margin improvement. And a portion of that is also new product development and then another portion is the infrastructure development of the service centers, our stores and the Supercharger network.
Deepak Ahuja: And I'll add to that manufacturing process improvements both in-house and at our suppliers, to take cost out.
Deepak Ahuja: So to answer your first question, our S production rate is continuing to reduce every month that goes by, as both our suppliers have additional capacity to meet our needs and our production schedule is becoming much more stable. So it's all trending in the right direction. And then to that same point of Elon where we ended with our freight cost at the end of Q1 was better than the average for the quarter, so it gives us comfort that or confidence that we continue to reduce our cost. And then in terms of our cash flows, we are mindful of the volumes. As you can see we’re projecting lower deliveries in North America since we have quite a few cars on the board being shipped to Europe and that consumes some degree of working capital which becomes a part of our cash flow from operations and that’s a significant number. So, when you combine the lower deliveries because we’re producing for Europe and the fact that we have these cars on the board that has an impact.
Deepak Ahuja: I think there’s clearly room to go further, and there are a lot of activities in our manufacturing organization that are continuing in that direction. And then towards the, in half of the year as we start to increase our production rate slightly further than our present levels that will further add to the labor reduction on a per unit basis.
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah, just to clarify Brian, that our inventory was down by $30 million compared to end of the year, despite the fact that our production rate was significantly up and that’s clearly as a result of us better managing our inventory and our production processes.
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah, we haven’t got a formal study across all our customers, but we saw some study or a narrow time period and it was very interesting to see there was victory across the entire gamut of price points and brand. So we feel pretty good about that.
Deepak Ahuja: Well, I think the biggest chunk was volume. Clearly, as our cost per unit goes down, the absolute amount of inventory we carry for the same number of cars is coming down. But I think it was primarily us managing our inventory better and that was contributing towards our working capital and improvement in our cash flows.
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah, so the receivables would have increased because now this is a retail sale. We get the full cash for selling this car upfront. This is not a lease sale per se. The reason we’re taking lease accounting is because we’re offering this resale value guarantee at the end of it and for the price that I’ll technically …
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah. So, yeah our receivables don’t go up on our balance sheet. Our income statement is affected, because we have to amortize our revenue and be cost over a period of 36 months in this case to our retail value guarantee. So, the interesting thing is from a margin point of view as a percentage. There’s really not a significant impact, but obviously the absolute dollar amount of the margin is lower since you’re not recognizing the entire income upfront.
Deepak Ahuja: Initially an excess of 1 million people per quarter just for our new design stores that we have. I mean our stores are in high…
