Elon Reeve Musk: I don't want to go into like the week by week stuff. The reason it's tricky is because people just read too much into it. The ramp curve is a step exponential, so it means like as you alleviate a constraint, the production suddenly jumps to a much higher number. And so, although it looks a little staggered if you sort of zoom out, that production ramp is exponential with week over week increases. I'd like to state a number at the end of Q4, but there's too much uncertainty right now to give that with any precision. Now I do feel confident about the end of Q1, maybe sooner. But really, we're like in a vertical climb here. So it's really hard to say. Yeah.
Elon Reeve Musk: I mean, (17:12) by the end of the year, it will be in the thousands. It's well advanced. Yeah. Yeah.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. In the thousands by the end of the year. But where exactly, it's hard to say. And literally, if you move the calendar by, like, two or three weeks, you would see giant changes. So the quarter-to-date will fall somewhat sort of arbitrarily in that exponential curve. So even in a matter of a few weeks which would show a very different number (17:53) people tend to extrapolate on a linear basis instead of an exponential. In fact, most people wouldn't know what exponential is. So (18:07) is it tends to be a straight-line extrapolation, but really on a very steep exponential. So it's really an S-curve. Yeah. So it starts off really slow and then it ramps very rapidly on an exponential basis. It does start to go sort of linear right in the middle and then it sort of asymptotes off at the target production capacity, really target a whole supply chain or factory for a given production capacity. And yeah, trying (18:41) possible. We're highly confident of the long-term margin number of 25% or higher for Model 3. Deepak, I mean...
Elon Reeve Musk: I mean, (19:41) emphasize what each level means really, but let's say level 9 is the worst, okay? Well, we're in level 9. We're now in level 8 and I think we're close to exiting level 8. I thought we could probably be more like a level 7 by now and I have to tell you, I was really depressed about 3 or 4 weeks ago when I realized that we're kind of in level 9, then we got to level 8, now I can see sort of a clear path to sunshine. And so I feel really pretty optimistic right now. If you talked to me 3 weeks ago, I would have been quite pessimistic and I was sort of quite down in the dumps. But now it's pretty obvious what we need to do. It's just a matter of work to get there, working seven days a week to do it. And I have personally (20:39) zone 2 module line at 2:00 AM on a Sunday morning helping diagnose robot calibration issues. So I'm doing everything I can. JB is doing everything he can. The whole team is on it, we're on it. And we are on it, we've got it covered, it's going to take us a few months longer than we expected.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, we're throwing a huge amount of people at fixing the machines, and then occasionally there's, like, some part of a production manufacturing process where the machine is permanently broken and then we have to have a bypass to a manual operation.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, until we fix the automation, but that's really – it's really inefficient because the system is really not designed for a manual bypass to a (25:11) machine or a machine where the software is not right or whatever the case may be.
Elon Reeve Musk: It is harder to supplement with manual than S or X because the system is designed as a very tightly integrated automated system. So it's very unwieldy to try to supplement or make up for a machine not working with manual activity. So, we think like – it's like a – if you had a spreadsheet and a couple of cells in the spreadsheet were manually calculated, well, yeah, you could still do your spreadsheet stuff, but it's going to be a lot slower, until the last cell is automated and then it's going to be super fast.
Elon Reeve Musk: Well, first of all, I think that we will be able to achieve full autonomy with the current hardware. The question is, it's not just full autonomy, but full autonomy with what level of reliability, and what will be acceptable to regulators. But I feel quite confident that we can achieve human level – approximately human level autonomy with the current computing hardware. Now regulators may require some significant margin above human capability in order for a full autonomy to be engaged. They may say, it needs to be 50% safer, 100% safer, 1000% safer, I don't know. I'm not sure they know either. But that's – but I think I'm confident that we can get to approximately human level with our current hardware. And yeah, we'll have more to say on the hardware front soon, we're just not ready to say anything now. But I feel very optimistic on that front. For customers that have signed up for full software capability, we'll push that option. The – if it does turn out that, that a computer upgrade is necessary in order to meet the regulatory requirements in that area, we will replace the computer with something with greater power, which is sort of, unplug the old one, plug the new one in. But we feel confident of the competitiveness of our hardware strategy. I would say that, we are certain that our hardware strategy is better than any other option, by a lot.
Elon Reeve Musk: It's a bit too early to make (33:29). But I mean, if you extrapolate from 5,000 units towards the end of Q1, we do want to call upon significant CapEx until we are confident about cash flow on Model 3, so then that's a question of how long it takes to implement. I mean, that's where you get to 10,000 units a week for Model 3, which is a number we are confident can be sustained from a drive (34:01) standpoint.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, exactly. As we mentioned earlier, we're finding that some parts of the line very clearly are capable of 6,000 or 7,000 units a week, and maybe more than that, just by shortening path length, speeding up the robots, adding some robots where the chokepoints exist, simplifying some of the processes, and a few minor part redesigns, it's remarkable how much you can improve cycle time. So...
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. I think, first of all, I think at the end of the day, everything is our fault – and my fault most of all. If we pick the wrong subcontractor, we're the fault. So, I don't want to – just to be externalizing responsibility, really it's our fault for picking the wrong supplier and then not realizing it until way late in the game. We will be able to claw back some amounts, but it certainly will not make up for lost revenue, lost free cash flow. So – some amount, yeah, but it's not going to matter that much.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, and X, but particularly Model S, because we're hoping there to be greater differentiation between the S and Model 3. So the base – the fundamental cost of a Model S increased because of more included content. So the full Model S have air suspension, for example, yes, much of the premium elements were included by default, just because there needs to be a clearer the reason for people to buy a Model S or a Model 3.
Elon Reeve Musk: And I saw some of the articles from our quarterly earnings letter about sort of question kind of S and X, why we reduced production on S and X. We didn't reduce it very much. It's just sort of from about 2,000 units a week to 1,800, and we did that in order to breakdown (40:39) inventory. So just because inventory was too high. We also just needed much people on Model 3 line. So we thought we will take the third shift from Model S and the X, and apply it to Model 3. Because really, running out of the labor pool, honestly. It's like we're a second labor pool dry both in Gigafactory and in Fremont. And so it's like – yes. It's just so many people that can make it to the Gigafactory. And then we're all finding that we're able to improve the efficiency of production of the S and X. Previously it required three shifts to do 2,000 units a week. And so – I just want to appreciate like the whole supply chain, and everything -- it's all sized to 2,000 units a week. So likes they're walking spontaneously make 2,500 units a week because the entire supply chain all the parts, everything's going to go to 2,500 and that requires a bunch of CapEx, then you got to match, can imagine sort of increased stores everything is going to increase. So sort of like decide on what seems like the right number, sort of the right numbers about 100,000 units a year combined S and X, and resize the supply chain accordingly. But we expect to continue making production efficiency improvements on the S and X line and be able to take that from 1,800 units a week to 2,000 units a week in probably over the next year. And still be on two shifts, which is labor hours are reducing per vehicle and that gets us to our sort of roughly 100,000 units a year week cadence and we can work on supply chain efficiencies and the like. But we do expect to – and one point, we expect to sell more cars in Q4 than we did in Q3. So we expect sales and deliveries to be higher in Q4 than Q3. But to reduce Model S and X inventory, to achieve that.
Elon Reeve Musk: I suspect it's comparable and similar, honestly, to 2017. We have some – obviously some – it's somewhat of a strategic choice. Do we have higher CapEx and higher growth or lower CapEx and lower growth? Yeah, so it's – but we can – we can move that lever wherever it makes sense, where it makes sense to do so. As I mentioned earlier though we want to make sure we know what to scale before we spend money on it. So for the Model 3, figuring out which production lines can be simply accelerated and which production lines need to be duplicated, we'd far rather accelerate a production line than duplicate it. If we were to make those CapEx decisions right now, we'd be making them – we're kind of shooting in the dark.
Elon Reeve Musk: But in respect to China, I wouldn't expect any significant CapEx on China until 2019. It won't be material in 2018.
Elon Reeve Musk: The China plant is sort of something like – this is just a like don't say (45:59), but it's sort of a rough target of start of production in about three years and it would be serving the China market and perhaps some other countries in the region and that's really the intent, is to be able to provide Model 3 and Model – won't be making Model S and Model X, but we'll be making probably Model 3, probably Model Y primarily for the local Chinese market and it's really the only way to make the cars affordable in China, but it's three years out, so.
Elon Reeve Musk: Oh, no, no. Again, it's really tricky because of that being exponential. If you were to move the calendar date by plus or minus a few weeks, you'd see gigantic differences in weekly output. But what I meant is something like a few thousand units per week at the end of Q4.
Elon Reeve Musk: But there's (47:56), if you said okay, what about a few weeks after Q4? I'd say, yeah, definitely. So, it's just going to be very, very – rising very, very sharply at that time.
Elon Reeve Musk: I mean, it's something in the hundreds of thousands of vehicles per year. I'm not sure where it is exactly in the – it's at least a couple of hundred thousand vehicles a year, maybe more.
Elon Reeve Musk: I mean these are mad substantial (50:56) growth rates for the auto industry. I think we made some comparison of Tesla growth rate relative to Ford in the Model T era, and we're talking about a rate of growth faster than the Model T, which is the fastest in history. So these are nutty growth rates.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yes. Yes. Our growth rate continues that anything like that in the coming years I mean, if it continues to be something like that, Tesla will be the largest car company in the world by volume as well.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. The (55:25) cars being sold in Q4 are inventory rundown and some, you know, particularly in (55:31) older models...
Elon Reeve Musk: ...the service loaners, and those grow slightly lower, average like less than a custom order vehicle, that has a point or two effect on gross margin. But yeah, I mean, it should get back to the mid-20s, essentially, in Q4.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah, absolutely. Some elements will require almost no CapEx. It really comes to realize that the – you really want to make a factory that grows incredibly fast. Like really I think speed is the ultimate weapon when it comes to innovation or production. And we are pushing robots to the limit in terms of the speed that they can operate at, and asking our suppliers to make robots go way faster, and they are shocked because nobody has ever asked them that question. It's like if you can see the robot move, it's too slow. We should be caring about air friction like things moving so fast. You should need a strobe light to see it. And that's incredibly critical to CapEx efficiency. And obviously we're going to be designing a lot of the robotic elements and what makes the robots internally. So yes, because current (1:02:22) suppliers are just too slow to respond in some cases.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. As far as the prices, Model X was always – it was really the one that saw more of a price reduction than other things. And then 100-kilowatt hour pack, the 100-kilowatt pack cars was artificially priced high because we have like really production constraint on that pack. It was never our intention to price them quite that high, so we reduced it a little bit. And then added some content S to both. So we sort of split it between some price reductions where we thought things were a little overpriced, and then added some content just to have a clear differentiation. We weren't quite sure what the response would be to the Model 3. So maybe we might have overcorrected a little bit, but that's kind of where it is.
Elon Reeve Musk: Yeah. We do expect the solar demand to rebound as we move solar sales into all of our stores, which is a much more efficient channel for demand generation. And that's just what sort of conventional solar. The Solar Roof stuff, we expect is going to be – we're confident it's going to have extremely high demand. And we're just going through the validation process for the solar tiles. And they're working right now, I should point out. So I have the Solar Roof tiles on my house. And I didn't even notice that they're there that they blend in so well. So look really good but a roof is expected to last a long time, at least 25, 30 years. And so there's certain rate at which we can do accelerated lab testing on (1:07:38) components and maybe try to accelerate lab testing on a 30-year roof in sort of six months, but it's hard to do it less than about six months and then we got to pack that into the production process. So I have no doubt that this will be a very significant part of the business down the road. It just takes a little while to get those behemoth rolling, but once it gets rolling, it's going to be a behemoth.
Elon Reeve Musk: And down the road, there will be some cell conflict. I think if you sort of fast forward a year or two, we really need to think about cell production as being a constraint and (1:09:17) going into cell production (1:09:20) couple of years out, making sure that we have (1:09:24) cobalt – because it's actually – not a lot of cobalt, I meant to say nickel...
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: And then also to your earlier point, Deepak here. It does not change any of our projections in terms of the long-term...
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Yeah. None of our projections in terms of our material cost or manufacturing, legal and overhead or depreciation or the other elements have changed as a result of these last few months to modifying the target.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: It is an eight-year tenure on that debt offering and the banks do give us that capital for that timeframe.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: We don't give specific balance of – for deposits by car line. We just give the combined number, which you can see on our balance sheet for customer deposits.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Well, firstly, as we continue to ramp up Model 3, our cash flow from operations is going to increase or improve significantly over the next few quarters. And it's – this is the positive virtuous cycle of cash flow or working capital that Model 3 provides us, because we effectively pay our suppliers later than we collect from our customers, and also this quarter, our CapEx payments will start to decline as we pay off, over the next couple of quarters, all the remaining Model 3 related CapEx. So there should be an improving trend over the next two quarters, three quarters.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Yes. So firstly, our inventory is going to come down on S and X, and also, what's important is, it is – given these short-term delays, we have to be prudent in how we spend our money. And so we are managing our CapEx and OpEx growth to be in line with the growth of our fleet. And so, for example, CapEx related to our stores or service centers or Superchargers. We are slowing that down to be in line, and that's logical of the cargo for (32:23) fleet. So all those actions will come through in terms of helping us conserve cash.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: And then learn from those, and figure out, how do we redesign whatever we do over the next (34:05) spend more efficiently our CapEx. So, it's the right thing to do.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: We can fine-tune those things when we get there, but overall, our – and I'm reinforcing this again, these are all short-term issues, and it doesn't change our long-term prognosis on Model 3 gross margin.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: So, Rod, in terms of the China factory, I'll leave for Elon to make comments on that. But I think it may be better if we hold on, broadly speaking, to that question to the next quarter when we provide full 2018 guidance and give you better clarity on our capital spend for the different elements in our plan.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Yes. We have talked about that. And our growth rate, I don't recall the exact numbers, but I think it's been in the 70%, 80% every year. And next year even at 5,000, it will be like crazy compared to this year. So growth rate continues to be extraordinary.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Just to be clear, we are trying to get as fast as we can to 5,000, and then we will work as fast as we can to get to 10,000.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, firstly, your analysis is completely off from what we see internally, and the mix shift that we saw, part of that continues in Q4.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: And then as we continue to achieve efficiencies and also work on that mix shift, which takes time, we will continue to see improvement, and have full confidence in Model S and Model X gross margin.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Yes. They are capitalized as inventory, because these cars are salable. And when these cars get sold, the depreciation related to those cars gets recognized in COGS.
Deepak Ahuja - Tesla, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we actually feel even more strongly that our efficiency of CapEx on the next phase will be significant compared to the first phase.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: I think you were spot on. The design on the whole is much easier to build but it's also intensely automated, which is part of what lets us realize the margin and the cost targets. But that does become difficult to bring that automation online. That's where we are.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: I would say that it's probably a bit of both. I mean it's prudent for us to think through all of that as we are continuing to grow. Certainly, we want to be in a certain sense of fiduciary responsibility that we have in addition to just growing like crazy. So...
Jeffrey B. Straubel: I mean, Toni, it may be helpful, it accelerates with new product introductions too. Model X reached Model S demand rates in half the time, so twice the rate of demand build, so not only are we growing but we're accelerating as we grow.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Yeah, I don't think we were saying we wouldn't do it. We were just saying we would think through it and make the strategic trade-offs, in terms of timing. But we'd think through it.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Yeah, largely because we're largely custom orders, so those orders were placed in Q3 that we will ship in Q4.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: Yes. I think what you see there is, the increase in PP&E for the service infrastructure we wanted to get out in front of demand as we're increasing both Model S and Model X fleet size, and also Model 3. So we opened a location just about every four days in Q3. And to get ahead of that demand, you probably saw that we put 180 mobile vehicles on the road. And we plan to double that this quarter. And so a lot of that, what you see, is PP&E. In terms of the drivetrain, the drivetrain issue that you mentioned, that's mostly behind us; in fact, we see very little of that now. The reliability for Model S and Model X continues to improve, and you asked about the CPO business. The CPO business, for us, last year – or last quarter was about a $238 million revenue business. We expect that to grow to $1 billion run rate – or $1 billion business for all of 2017. And so that business is growing rapidly at the same time. And we're running those – we do our own CPO refurbishment. We do that in the same service infrastructure that we're servicing the cars. So you see a little bit of that cost into that line as well.
Jeffrey B. Straubel: So this Model 3 line that we're focused on right now and improving quickly but the energy module line in the same building for instance now is a totally separate line.
Doug Field - Tesla Inc.: Sure. The number of actual what we call a pitch which is a station for a robot to work on the car in general assembly is about one-fourth of the typical industry average for number of stations it used to build a car. So the way we do subassemblies and the care we've taken and designed for manufacturing does make it much simpler. But as JB said, each of those stations is fairly automated and requires time and engineering to make it work.
Doug Field - Tesla Inc.: Well with respect to welding, the rate is controlled by – are you specifically asking about the video, or do you have another...
Doug Field - Tesla Inc.: No, it is not the same constraint. It's not the same level of constraint as the Gigafactory, but it is one of the more complex parts of the overall assembly line. So to reach our overall production goals, that has to ramp significantly. But again, it's not at the same level of constraint as modules. And it's really driven just by the sheer number of robots in the bodyshop. It's the highest concentration of robots anywhere in our overall production line. But it is coming up well. The bodies that we're building are of excellent quality. We've had fantastic crash results in testing them. And we're building more and more every day. We're ahead of the rest of the production curve.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: – extremely complicated machine with combined electrical, mechanical, and software challenges. It's not that different than what we do bringing up a brand-new car.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: Yes, this is Jon, I can address a piece of this. So a large chunk of it was discontinued trims. We've introduced the 100-kilowatt battery pack, which has a 335-mile range in Model S. And as a result of that, we discontinued the 90-kilowatt pack. And as those cars were in inventory, we reduced price to move them out. And so that was a piece of the gross margin headwind that won't repeat as we go forward. And in addition to that, the mix did shift. We sold more 100-kilowatt cars, actually, than we predicted we would, but order rate went up for the 75's even faster. And so we sold more 75-kilowatt cars in the mix than we predicted, and that had a gross margin impact as well. Given demand is – it continues to increase for the 100-kilowatt pack and the mix shift is occurring more towards that product. We'll see as we indicated in the letter, increasing margins as we roll into Q4 and then into Q1. So this is – the heart of the discontinuation really was the success of us debottlenecking the 100-kilowatt production we talked about in Q2 and really rolling that into strong demand in Q3.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: And the market responded really strongly to that in terms of demand. So in Q3, the Model S in the U.S. outsold the Mercedes S Class by two times – over two times actually. And if you added up the sales of Audi A7 and A8, the BMW 7 series and Porsche Panamera, we outsold all those, combined.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: Yeah. And all of our deliveries came down, so our market share in the U.S., it went up in Q3 for S and X.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: I think we think about China more from a demand side than anything. We're building complete cars and we're shipping them across the ocean and into the largest electric vehicle market in the world. So what really pulls us into China primarily is to be able to supply that market. And to make the cars more affordable, as Elon said, so that we're not forcing consumers to experience tariffs if you bring those cars in. That's a much bigger impact than I think the supply chain or sourcing materials issue.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: And we continue to install pilot engineering in early customer homes. We continue the cadence for that.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: Yes. And JB has installed one and quite a few others at this point, 1 to 10 (1:08:26). And we still are on track to turn on most of the production line in Buffalo at the end of this year to start ramping final actual production versus this in the final factory.
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: Yeah, storage versus vehicles. The energy storage production is actually growing at the really – actually doing really well by our ability to complete the South Australia project or be on track to complete that, that's...
Jonathan McNeill - Tesla, Inc.: As well as the deployments in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the Caribbean. That's been running at nominal rate and doing quite well. So those are quite separate.
