Elon Musk: Sure. Well, and this is sort of give you rough guesses on the 100K run rate within the next year, which I think is, you know, actually one of the most interesting things in our newsletter which you picked up on. We're expecting that to be sort of roughly split between X and S. So we're talking a little -- roughly 1,000 units a week of each. And when you look at the market demand for SUVs and sedans, that's about the split; it's almost exactly 50/50. In fact I think recently SUVs might have slightly edged ahead of sedans. So if we -- so it's sort of reasonable to expect that if one has -- just address the demand and then the servicing side of things -- it's reasonable to expect that if we see sort of a comfortable 1,000 unit demand on the sedan side, well, probably we should expect that similar number on the SUV side. My guess is we'll actually see slightly higher on the SUV side. I think the Model X is going to a phenomenal car. On the service front, we are spending a lot of money on service expansion. That's our primary, in the sort of sales and service arena, it's primarily service, like the overall majority is service really.
Elon Musk: So it's not really -- I contend it's not demand generation but how do we make sure that that demand is well-served. So in terms of number of stores by the end of next year -- or number of service centers I should say by the end of next year, actually I don't have that off-hand. But it's probably on the order of 100 in China alone, I'm guessing, by the end of next year. We are -- and probably worldwide it's on the order of 300. This is -- I'm speaking off the cuff here --
Elon Musk: -- but probably north of 300 worldwide. And I'd say I've been very impressed with the Tesla China team and the quality of people that we're attracting in China. I mean I think the China team is smart and they work super-hard, so. And the pace of progress is just amazing. So I feel pretty comfortable about being able to do good service in China or great service actually. In fact, like the key metric we measure in service is the percentage of customers that are delighted, which is a 10 out of 10 score. That's both the primary thing we look at. And our goal is to get that worldwide to a majority of customers. And domestically, I believe we're actually -- but in the U.S. we're about 70% of customers who experienced service rated as perfect, or yeah, 10 out of 10 is actually. And another key metric we measure is the average time to service something. So our average is less than a day. So the car is -- so, in most cases we can actually pick up your car, fix anything that's wrong with it, and give it back to you, without you even knowing it was gone. So you just tell us like my car is at my office and this is where it is, and we'll pick up the car, fix it, and get it back to you before you finish work. Our goal with service is sort of invisible up, which is, is there even -- it's like elves [ph] service delivery [ph]. Like you don't even see it. It's like -- it happens so fast. And once done, you'll love it. And so I think there's like -- there's an interesting opportunity to revolutionize service as well. It's not just like, oh, let's do the same thing as before. I think it was a lot of lessons learned from a Formula One car approach. So, because we're not trying to serve customers for the most amount of money possible in a service, which is typical of the conventional auto industry, we want to get the job done super-fast, and then also make sure that you don't -- like we want to anticipate issues so you don't have to come back again. And so we actually bring the car and we kind of hit with a pit crew, like a Formula One pit crew. So instead of having one person per bay, the car gets slowly worked on over several days, it actually comes in and a team attacks it, and we're constantly improving the tools and the metrics to say, how can we get the car perfect as fast as possible. We actually bring in people from Formula One to help with the training on this. And I think there's a real opportunity to revolutionize the way service works.
Elon Musk: Yeah. I mean even if you take theoretical optimal, like theoretically perfect [indiscernible] I just don't think you [indiscernible].
Elon Musk: Yeah. Also another thing too, like hydrogen is an energy carrier, not an energy source. So you have to create the hydrogen, which is really inefficient. Because you'd either have to crack a hydrocarbon or electrolyzed water.
Elon Musk: Yeah, which is super inefficient. Yeah. And then hydrogen has very low density, so if you're going to pick it chemical energy storage mechanism, the hydrogen is a terrible choice. Like at least, you know, methane, CH4, lock up the hydrogen with one carbon atom or something. Anyway --
Elon Musk: We're keeping them closely informed, and so that -- where all the details. And they haven't -- they haven't volunteered advice necessarily. We'd certainly listen to their advice if they provided it. But they seem to be in accordance with our theory on location.
Elon Musk: Sure. Yes, that $4 billion to $5 billion number is we think probably accurate. I mean particularly over through 2020, I think it'll be closer to $4 billion, maybe slightly less than that, before we get to initial high-volume production. But then as we do continued investments to improve output and improve the technology of the pack, it's probably closer to the $5 billion over the 2020 timeframe, but probably less than $4 billion to get up to serious production. And then of that number, we see Tesla probably providing 40% to 50% of the total, Panasonic probably about 30% to 40%, the states maybe 10%, and other industrial partners about 10%, maybe 15% to 20%, depending on how vertical [ph] we go with the factory. And then with having signed the contract with Panasonic, I mean I think -- well, I was never really -- something I was in doubt from my standpoint, but I think some of these people take things [indiscernible] which are -- I mean there are -- they're going to be fairly conservative in their words, but I think the actions are really what matter. And Panasonic has always taken the actions of an excellent partner. So we feel confident that there will be the amount of money needed to reach the 35 gigawatt-hour level at the cell level and 50 gigawatt-hour at the module impact [ph] level. The module impact [ph] stuff is all Tesla internal. And then we're expecting precursor -- suppliers have the precursor materials from the [indiscernible] separator, maybe the electrolyte, to be also present in the factory.
Elon Musk: Sure. I guess what's important to appreciate for the X, that there -- let's just put the orders in context. There are no cars available for a test drive. There is no information about the cars in our stores because we're only selling the S. In fact, if somebody comes in who wants to buy the X, we try to convince them to buy the S. So we anti-sell it. And we don't really provide all that much information or details about the car or provide [indiscernible] on when you can get it. Despite all that, there's huge demand from around the world for the X. Now I think that actually people are right, even though they don't have enough -- they don't really have enough information to know they're right, but they are.
Elon Musk: Sure. You can sort of see -- I mean we see a path to potentially, you know, 150,000 cars a year. Maybe if you really push it, 200,000 cars a year, without the Giga Factory. So the Giga Factory is needed for that sort of -- that incremental 300,000 cars. But we can probably -- I would guess that probably it could be pushed to a couple of 100,000 cars a year with the existing -- without the Giga Factory. That's probably a good guess. So, yeah, we'll sort of see where that leads.
Elon Musk: Right. We've done a lot of modeling trying to figure out what's the optimal cell size. And it's really not much -- it's not a lot different from where we are right now, but we're sort of in the roughly 10% more diameter, maybe 10% more height. But then the cubic function effectively ends up being, just from a geometry standpoint, probably a third more energy for the cell, if you -- maybe 30%-ish. And then the actual energy density per unit mass increases, so.
Elon Musk: I don't think outsourcing decreases the cost. That tends to increase the cost in our experience. It's just like -- the reason we don't -- the reason we outsource stuff is just because we had too many fish to fry, otherwise. But it's almost always the case that -- when we've in-sourced something, it got cheaper. Yeah. I mean it's just -- like if the -- the thing that would make us really efficient -- or for any given technology level, is to say, how far did that molecule move? And if the molecule is taking several round trips around the world, that's expensive. If it's just moving from one station to the next, then that's obviously lower cost. And so the vertical integration just means that the molecule doesn't move as much and it's not being put in a box and then put in a truck and then on a boat, and then, you know, going through customs and stuff like that. So I mean I think that's generally true that a vertical integration and doing things at large scale results in cost reduction. I feel very confident with the 30% cost reduction per unit of energy. We're obviously going to target something higher than that.
Elon Musk: Production in Q4 significantly exceeds deliveries. I mean the time from when a car is produced to when it is delivered, it depends on the mix of domestic versus international, because when you -- when cars are sent to Europe or China, they've got -- obviously get on a boat and they got to get through customs, and it's sort of a more lengthy process. So, average time for delivery of a car in North America is about two weeks-ish, thereabout. And then for -- but for international deliveries, you've got to add another three to four weeks on top of that. We try to tighten that down a little bit, but then if you blend the two, then maybe it's an average delivery time four or five weeks. So, you know, for cars made in October, they would all be delivered in Q4.
Elon Musk: Yeah. At 1,000 cars a week, I mean 1,000 cars a week steady state implies a 50,000 roughly rate number, in steady state. So it doesn't really need to be much -- all that much beyond 1,000 to achieve our goal, on average, for the Q4.
Elon Musk: I mean long term I'd probably -- I'd say it's -- well, there's not just China and Asia of course. But I think long term we're probably looking at, this is just a guess, but I mean maybe 40% Asia, 40% North America, 20% Europe, as a rough guess. And Asia is more than China for sure. We have people [indiscernible] in Japan and we, like go to Korea, Hong Kong. Hong Kong being sort of China, part of China of course, special administrative zone. And Australia and New Zealand and that kind of thing. So it's probably 40% Asia Pacific region. And there we tend to do very well in our home markets in North America, has 40% there. And then Europe -- the demand is not just generally strong in Europe. But it's fair to say in Europe can have 25% to 30% of the mix. Those are just a rough guess.
Elon Musk: Seems pretty obvious to me. In your question you had [indiscernible] should be corrected, like the -- so the 30% savings is not just due to logistics. Logistics is a big factor. We are --
Elon Musk: Logistics [indiscernible] the fact that it's just go to one station to the next instead of going from multiple entities to multiple entities. But really when you get to the kinds of scale that we're talking about, you really get to design customer equipment that's much better at processing each step. And you really get to design the machine that makes the machine, not just do so with off-the-shelf equipment. So it took -- everything about it is going to get a whole lot better. That's why we think the 30% number when the Giga Factory is at full production is a conservative number. Yeah. And then, yeah. So.
Elon Musk: Yes. Yeah, absolutely. It's -- yeah. It's heading to a place of no contest with respect to gas I mean. But I mean we're trying to make it go there as fast as possible because time is important here. You know, the sooner this can be done, the sooner we can reduce carbon output and reduce the probability of a catastrophe. So, yeah. And the absence of Giga Factory, this progress will be much slower.
Elon Musk: Yeah. In the past [indiscernible] we've shown all of our cards, so people have kind of gotten used to us showing all of our cards. We're not currently showing all our cards.
Elon Musk: Sure. We try to -- because I agree, it does seem like sort of a crazy leap. But we try to address that by pointing out that there's two weeks missing in Q3 because of the factory retooling. And those two weeks at fairly high production. So you can add almost 2,000 units to what Q3 really would be if we didn't have that two-week interruption. So it would actually be, you know, more like 9,500 units or something like that in terms of Q3 deliveries. And then it's like, oh, okay, it's much more of -- you can see how we get from sort of 7,500 to 9,500 to 12,000, 13,000, whatever the case may be. That seems -- the progression is much more sensible in that context [indiscernible].
Elon Musk: Demand will not be a problem. Yeah. An interesting little item, like how many stores are we building? Well, we're building hardly any. We're building lots of service centers. We can drive demand up at will. But if drive it up too much, then people would get upset with us because they waited too long for their car. And the only guy in China gets upset that when he got his car, he bashed it, which seems [indiscernible] but he said the reason for bashing the car was that we took too long to deliver to him. I'm like, okay. But -- and when I was visiting in China, the only unhappiness I saw was that, because customers were upset about waiting too long for their car. So it's like, boy, we better not stoke demand in that situation. And sales per square foot on our stores, I believe Apple's normally the leader on sales per square foot, our sales per square foot are double that of Apple's.
Elon Musk: Yeah. I mean another thing, our CapEx and R&D numbers are better than they appear because there are things you don't know about.
Elon Musk: Actually I've been pretty impressed with the Chinese government at all levels, the city level and the national level. They're actually -- I mean they have done some political [ph] actions maybe quite a bit in the past, but I don't think that's going to be the path going forward for them. And actually for the sales tax exemption, it does actually apply to non-Chinese cars. So I think you may be missing a point [ph] there. There are -- we have to adhere to Chinese charging standards, but we are going to do so. But the challenge was that those standards weren't defined until about a month ago. So it's a little tricky to adhere to something that is not yet definitively been announced. Now that it has, we're committed to meet those standards, and we expect to fit within the sales tax exemption. Yeah.
Elon Musk: Right. Yeah, exactly. And we're ready to meet the European standard. So as we're trying to observe the U.S. standard, the European standards, and then we'll be observing the China standard which is, as JB said, very similar to Europe.
Elon Musk: Yeah. They're genuinely committed to electric cars. And it's not just about favoring local manufacturers.
Elon Musk: Well, there's definitely some genuine issues we have with the car, but they had one of our early production units, and in fact most of the problems that they have encountered there are not present in current cars. We also -- I think this may be ending up being counterproductive, but the service team was ultra proactive with the Edmunds car. So they would -- they were doing their best to make Edmunds happy, and I think unfortunately that resulted in them changing things up, just on the off-chance something might go wrong. So that drive unit issue that I mentioned earlier were, the drive units [indiscernible] replaced even though it wasn't a drive unit problem, that happened with them twice. So, unfortunate sort of case, but I don't think it's broadly correct. And it's definitely correct of -- for cars that are made in like the past year.
Elon Musk: It's literally like the sort of small Shim [ph] that I was mentioning is equivalent to replacing a minor gasket on an internal combustion engine.
Elon Musk: And normally you wouldn't get someone a new engine for that. But our optimization was customer happiness. And so we knew exactly what to do. We just wanted to give people back their car right away.
Elon Musk: Right. And we're going to be at it hard core until that car is 10x better than any other car on the road.
Elon Musk: Well, there is a big step that's expected to occur in Q1 next year which is the bring up of the body line, the SX body line. So we've -- what we did the past two weeks is the assembly line where basically the bits get put together. But then the body line is where the body itself is welded together, welded and bonded together. So it's like the core skeleton of the car is created. And so we anticipate probably -- well, I'm not sure if -- it may only that we -- actually -- sorry, I take it back. We're going to bring the body line up in parallel with the current line. So unlike this case with the assembly, we had to -- we didn't have too complete assembly lines, where we had to stop and retool. In the case of new SX body line, which is a line that is designed to be capable of 2,500 units a week, maybe more than that, conservatively at 2,500 units a week, at a lower cost point, we should be able to do that in parallel.Ben Kallo – Robert W. Baird: Got it. And --
Elon Musk: And I should say that -- another thing that's going to be -- see a big upgrade, really big upgrade, is the paint shops. There are few cases where advanced CapEx spending makes sense, even though it's going to pay off in sort of two to three years, but it's just such a big improvement that you kind of want to do it even at a high discount rate. So our paint shop is being upgraded. It's going to be the most advanced automotive paint shop in the world.Ben Kallo – Robert W. Baird: Got it.
Elon Musk: Yes. The X that was produced, the sort of the show [ph] car or advanced prototype, is sort of a pre-alpha. The alpha itself is, you know, the production, it's basically production design. We're going to move very quickly from alpha to beta. So in this case, like for the Model S, the alpha was a lot more primitive than X will be, because of course we didn't -- for the X we've got all [indiscernible] and powertrain stuff that's been done for the S that we can build upon. In the S case, we didn't have that. So it's really a very advanced alpha car that we're producing through the X. And we'll move to beta within three months. So it's a real fast alpha to beta. And you can expect to see production cost, not in customer hands but kind of on the road, doing test and validation in Q1 next year. We'll have quite a few of those.Ben Kallo – Robert W. Baird: Great. Thanks so much.
Elon Musk: And something I do want to emphasize with the X, is because we're moving very quickly into a high production mode, as opposed -- with S, the S had a -- Model S had a long production slope, starting off very slowly and then taking kind of six months to reach the 400 unit per week level. In the case of the X, I mean we're going to try to move to sort of several hundred units a week within three months of production. So it's like half -- maybe less than half the length. Yeah. But because of that, we really wanted to [indiscernible] validation on the car, test the heck out of it before going into volume production.
Elon Musk: Well, the puzzle [ph] on weight versus range is not super strong. There is an improvement but it's not a huge improvement. The Model S has gotten steadily lighter over time. It's really like, you know, it's quarter a pound here, half pound there, but the Model S in production today is at least a few hundred pounds less than that in the start of production. And we'll continue to see improvements over time. So to get to a step change on -- I mean, there are so many pieces in the car, like you have the battery pack, the motor -- the transmission, or the gear box, the tires and wheels, the seats. I think if you've got like a big improvement any one of those items, maybe with the exception of the battery pack, it only changes the weight of the car by like 1%, 2% or something. These are all good things, but there's not like one big block [indiscernible] sitting in the car that [indiscernible] more primitive. It requires whittling away at a whole bunch of things.
Elon Musk: Yeah. And it is getting slightly better over time. It's hard for people to sort of perceive it from one month to the next, but if you look at it over the course of a year, you'd notice.Colin Rush – Northland Capital Markets: Great. Thank you.
JB Straubel: I think that really it's pretty clear, the only real benefits that get touted for fuel cell and hydrogen vehicles are potentially range and refill time, but both of those are not [indiscernible] benefits when you look at where battery technology is today and certainly where it's going in a few years. So I think people make a mistake of comparing today's technology with future potential technology instead of two technologies at the same point in time.
JB Straubel: Yeah. It does not make a lot of sense. I mean we didn't even touch on the infrastructure challenges that hydrogen brings, but building out that infrastructure is substantially more expensive than building out any electric vehicle infrastructure. And there's almost none of it today.
JB Straubel: Yeah. And Tesla is managing all of the utilities and infrastructure at the Giga Factory [ph] sites. So in that regard, you know, Tesla is basically aggregating the inputs and requirements from not just Panasonic but other potential partners as well. So it's primarily Tesla's role to be evaluating those sites.Andrea James – Doherty & Co.: Appreciate it. Thank you so much.
JB Straubel: Yeah, that's, you know, the cathode and anode materials themselves are next generation, so we're -- I mean we're seeing improvements in the maybe 10% to 15% range on the chemistry itself.
JB Straubel: Energy density. And then, you know, we're also customizing the cell shape and size to further improve the cost efficiency of the cell, and our packaging efficiency.
JB Straubel: Yeah. Yeah, fundamentally the chemistry of what's inside is what really defines the cost position now. It's often debated what shape and size, but at this point we're developing basically what we feel is the optimum shape and size for the best cost efficiency for an automotive cell.
JB Straubel: Well, we're tracking things that have a whole range of different horizons for implementation. But to get to -- to realize the Giga Factory and those cost targets, we don't need some fundamental breakthrough in chemistry and material science. That -- those things are pretty well-understood in front of us. In the long term, there are a lot of very interesting, you know, long term being the 10 years perhaps you mentioned, or more, there's many very interesting things in the horizon with reducing probabilities as you go further up.
JB Straubel: It's actually a very -- relatively simple matter to meet the Chinese standards. They're very familiar and quite close to the European standard.
JB Straubel: Yeah. If I might add one thing on the drive unit replacements as well, I think it's important to note that the drive unit is a very complicated sort of assembly of different components, and the pieces that have needed service and failed internal to the drive unit are relatively not very expensive. And they're being replaced in order for expedience, so they get the car back on the road for the customer in the minimum time.
JB Straubel: But going forward, we're looking at ways to repair them and give people back their same drive unit very, very quickly, in about the same amount of time. If you had to replace your internal combustion engine every time something small went wrong --
JB Straubel: And the range impact is, you know, weight is one fraction of impact on range, so, even smaller than the direct percentage of weight reduction.
Unverified Company Representative: Yeah. The increase of our overall production, there are two factors that drive that gap. One is the ramp of production increase, the other one is the mix of international market.
Unverified Company Representative: And even if the mix is the same but we're increasing production, it creates a bigger gap each quarter. And then clearly as we are shipping more to right-hand drive markets and to China, our international mix is increasing too. So each quarter is a slightly different story, but certainly there will be a gap as we continue.
Unverified Company Representative: Yeah, it'll be sufficiently higher that we still deliver to our expectations of slightly over 35,000 cars this year.
Deepak Ahuja: Rod, we can share more details towards the end of the year as we look further out. But clearly given the huge ramp-up in our deliveries and [indiscernible] revenue, we should see a significant improvement in our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue.
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah. We are doing a lot of product related actions at this point, and that is creating an artificial bump. And especially the Model X and other activities that are going on. That will sort of slow down. But then we want to work on so many exciting things. I don’t want to just suggest that R&D will slow down. I think if there is one place we want to spend money, it's there, and do more exciting stuff. So I think we'll just provide information as appropriate further on.
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah. In Shanghai, we got the exemption plate fees, which is on an imported EV, so it's not just for local EVs that those policies are being applied. And we are having discussions in other cities where that's a possibility too. So I think so far it's been overall a positive reception that we have received, so it's been good.
Deepak Ahuja: Just to add from a cost perspective, since these are not significant, the overall impact on our warranty reserves has not been significant.
