Lyndon Rive: Thank you, Aaron. I am excited about today’s earnings call. As we’re going to provide additional information on the economic value we create every quarter. SolarCity is essentially two companies in one, with the development company and the power company. The development company is responsible for acquiring customers and getting solar systems installed. The power company provides the financing and in collect 30-years of recurring revenues through studying the energy. As we look at the development company for this quarter we book 237 megawatts which is a new record for the company. We also installed the 153 megawatt. Our residential business grew 108% year-over-year with a total of 139 megawatt. A total cost was 295 with a 9% decline year-over-year. Now we look at the power company we produced over 110 an hour of energy over the last 12 months. Our contracted customer payments increased by 1.2 billion this quarter and we now have 6.1 billion our contracted customer payment. We also have over 217,000 customers. For the quarter, we traded a $147 million of economic value. Brad will discuss this in more detail on later slides. Let’s take a closer look at our customer growth. As mentioned in previous earnings call, we have a goal of 1 million customers by mid 2018 in our 20% of the way of achieving this goal. To achieve this goal we need to grow at 60% year-on-year. Historically, we’ve grown at 95% which makes you feel confident in achieving the 1 million customer goal. As I just mentioned, a nominal contracts increased by $1.2 billion in the quarter this is a 144% increase year-on-year. We now have 6.1 billion nominal contracts. I am now going to hand it over to Tanguy Serra, our COO.
Lyndon Rive: Jobin, this is Lyndon and so in terms of new markets whenever we look at new markets, we look at the economic value that it creates and it’s important that day one, if you add all the financing that day one is region itself is cash positive and then we look at the returns. The IRR if its day one positive then essentially its infinitive IRR. If its commercial – it’s probably be in the 20% range for the IRRs. And the second part of the question was SRP and things happening in Arizona. So we will not continue to grow in Arizona so that we’ve asked some of our employees to move other states. This will help us in the other states, but it is unfortunate for the status we prefer to grow in the states and we are – as the topic where it was assuming SRP right now for them since we using the monopoly strength to kill the market and we will see where that ends up and once that is resolved we will move back into the market and continue to scale in Arizona. And that for now we allocating that volume to other region.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, one that I’d add to that is you can kind of pick some of that of the retained value, so the incremental retain value is increasing then naturally the IRR should be increasing as well and it can stay flat or going down then it will have that same effect it will just roll down. So that is our indication for you see how we’re looking the future, but we don’t want to forecasted.
Lyndon Rive: Let me just clarify one thing before Tanguy answers, it’s not a gigawatt residential they forecasted 922 gigawatt residential and commercial.
Lyndon Rive: And this is not the first time this has happened and second time in the last I think probably three years. And they use to have a tier 4 and 5 they still do have a tier 4 but it’s same as today. And [indiscernible] that down and we saw no effect in our customer base.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, I mean we actually extremely bullish and for the U.S. market you look at the policy changes at new office implementing policy changes that California is going to looking at implementing and we actually believe in a future and see in future, where the grid is a two-way grid where consumer is actually providing services to the utility. So we are optimistic about the U.S. Now Arizona is little different and it is a challenging state for us and we are all in kind of states where the utilities - deduction of dollar and do whatever they can to prevent competition and give consumer choice and in those days we will have to fight the fights. And but in our primary states we are very optimistic about our growth. That said we do at international markets and I’ve said the statement a few time, our international expense is about, we have been thinking of expanding internationally in the next year. The last eight years. And so we probably expanding this in the next year or two.
Lyndon Rive: Great. I mean it’s obviously very attractive and I think we have an incredible model that we are going to be able to duplicate, but we are going to do when we are ready.
Lyndon Rive: So just to be clear we are offering micro grid internationally and are seeing demand, healthy demands about U.S. for micro grid.
Lyndon Rive: He is asking our first generation is a backup what price point or cost point we need to maybe more likely release at – on the backup.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, to us it’s really keeping the policy changes around this in fact the policy benefit to utilities as well. Peter actually wrote a blog that I recommend you to ready, today most of the utilities if they would have subscribed for the services that our customers can provide. It will just be a past though cost, note make no money on that and so they are motivated to deploy their own infrastructure because that’s the only way they make money. So change in policy to allow them to use other people of infrastructure and then still make money of other peoples infrastructure is what needs to happen.
Lyndon Rive: It doesn’t you don’t need to call it I think kind of a base load with solar battery, so the value in addressing which is where the most expectable.
Lyndon Rive: It’s tough to forecast I don’t want to give a forecast what you think it is and I can give you an expectation what we currently have this last quarter, what was the percentage of – my part of last quarter.
Lyndon Rive: Well, don’t think 20 to 30 contracted versus MyPower is a 30 year contract.there is no renewal assumption with MyPower. So roughly two third contractors renwal.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, our estimate in small we are application one Q1 in stock ups, two the mega watts and backlog and backing of the expect investment from our technically partners. And we are assuming look largely encourage develop that backlog in working capital that would be whatever…
Lyndon Rive: Yes, because we haven’t change pricing for sometime now and so any new quarter the variability is just the differences in install megawatts in the ratio that install megawatts but state that doesn’t move that much your 13 megawatts to 12.5, but it has a very small impact and everything is really fixed to none in our wholesales model. If you compare to our peers when you are dealing with large scale program you have to price every deals separately and then you could have a fairly large swing without a pricing not expect so it’s not a time.
Lyndon Rive: Yes, California is still in process of changing all its policies and rates, they have flatten the tiers does bring the market and it does make solar available to those customers in the lower tiers. There are also some challenges with the proposals that the PC has with the utilities that we still need to work out and the biggest challenge there is fixed fees we preferred minimum and then the speed at what the flattening was to occur and we think it needs to be little slower, but work through those PC and the California utilities.
Lyndon Rive: So we have a fully loaded cost target $2.50 and end of 2016, we still feel confident in achieving and remember the increase in headcount dollars per watt has big impact on the lower instilled megawatts for this quarter. And OpEx – traditional OpEx are overhead the way I look at it. And we are not adding much there most of the headcount is in core revenue generation sales and install it.
Lyndon Rive: Like I was saying our other structure we have one last structure which is the one that in the process right now like any new structure that takes a little longer it probably took longer than we expected and we hope to have that done pretty soon and then we’ll also broaden and start using a couple of agencies so we don’t get backed up internally there. So that was to my earlier point I think will be true all the complexities of the partnerships and then we’d be able to go on a much more frequent basis. Trust me, we love to began that.
Lyndon Rive: And we have done a lot of the laid work getting the all the structures approved we then accelerate the amount of securitizations we do and as Brad mentioned we can’t really do one trounce right now per month per investors if you can get that to two that will help a lot.
Tanguy Serra: Thanks, Lyndon. Our residential business continues to more than double with installed - Q1 installs growing from 67 megawatts to 139 megawatts year-over-year. This is a combination of our existing states continue to grow, and the opening of new states like Nevada, New Hampshire and New Mexico. We are at 75 permanent warehouses in 16 states and have on opening one approximately every 15 days in 2015 identifying and expanding our geographic coverage. Through this growth, we have additional dedicated regional source through the academy that allow it to recruit on-board and train installers. Our commercial installers are flat year-on-year. However commercial is a very existing market with very strong booking and we expect to see significant growth in installs in that segment in 3Q and 4Q this year from jobs currently in the process. We have started to do commercial work with our crews and are seeing outstanding increase in productivity. As an example we installed a 157 kilowatt large commercial flat roof in three days versus an industry standard of over 20 days using our Zep mounting hardware. Our instillation costs have stayed flat in Q1 2015 versus Q4 2014 is a remarkable achievement given the winter month in East Coast in the harshness of installing through snow. I would note that our safety and quality continue to lead the industry and our sophisticated compensation structures are yielding solid results. Final prices in Q1 2015 were in the 70s which gives us significant comfort achieving our 1.90 cost target by 2017. Sales cost [indiscernible], but we expect that number to start trending down as our mix of bookings use towards lower cost channels in the coming quarters. Overhead is on a per watt basis and lower seasonal volumes in Q1, but the overall trend of scaling fixed cost remains unchanged. With that let me pass it over to Pete Rive, CTO and Co-founder of SolarCity.
Tanguy Serra: Yes, I mean the two most sensitive numbers and the economic value creation is what the PPA rates $0.13 a kilowatt hour test going up or downs and its mix of course have to get down and it will have a impact and then up cost assuming financing phase.
Tanguy Serra: Great, let me make some comments. So I think not changing the range, there are still threshold very much in that range for the full year installs, is commercial and residential, and commercial seems attracting nicely. As I said I think we will see revenue growth in Q3, Q4 based on where the job done and published right now, we feel very good about that. On residential we have capacity today where we do a little more than we currently doing and the key in residential is we don’t want to scale too far ahead when the – is actually coming through, because if you do that you are adding costs ahead of the curve, which you don’t want to do, but what we done is we have really sophisticated forecasting models that allow us to look at based on our patterns when installs were hit by geographic area and that allows us to drive reasonably sophisticated hiring plants that we got hiring, recruiters hiring and social attorney for training which allows chaining on board installers to be ready to install one inflows actually are required. So that’s piece of the probably actually increases as well and we are very confident being able to run multiple multi megawatt on a month-to-month without any particular issues. As a point of reference I would say that the its sometime in 2014 those are the couple of months where we grew by more than 5 megawatts month-on-month in 2014 and we are much smaller than we are now by growing north of 5 megawatts month-on-month is something growing past and I think we can do again.
Tanguy Serra: I still maybe also differently all of the 920 to 1000 megawatt this should deployment. You guys mentioned second half we expect bigger ramp in commercial. Think of us rough idea even in just range of the commercial versus –
Brad Buss: Yes, Patrick I think we are not looking to start forecasting data at this point in time even I think you hit it bang on the head I think you’ll see a little mix at all knock the numbers around, but our models how we are approaching this business on a portfolio basis are pretty tight, we shouldn’t see a ton of our ability, but mix is always going to impact that.
Brad Buss: That’s a lot of questions. So again I don’t think we are in position do any forecasting and I think even if we were probably not in area we are going to go down into forecasting the next quarters I think like I said earlier right we thought various specific targets like Lyndon mentioned on the day one cash we have return targets we want to run it out of portfolio level.
Brad Buss: On the debt one on the 4.5 I mean I think that’s obviously very conservative, we are doing better than that and I would expect we continue to do better than that, obviously subject to where rate may end up going. Every six months I only see our credit spread shrinking as we continue to perform as the paper continues to perform. So I am very happy where things are going from that perspective and then obviously on a cost spend of it. It is really is the cost of capital and the cost that’s really driving our success and where I think we will continue outdistance cost efficient.
Brad Buss: One additional point Brian, I think we can try to gage capacity, you are looking at – we are commenting against the 4Q run rate and its worth noting that 4Q is always is your biggest commercial quarter. So it relies much stronger growth in the revenue front.
Brad Buss: 143 and just for future reference you’ll always get that number in your EDC Slide which is based on deployment not install. So we get 143 total with about five cash, so 138 energy system.
Brad Buss: I have a dream, no I think I mean again think about is the growth rate that we are on every dollar that we are going to generate, we are going to solid right back into the business and that’s going to go on for the foreseeable future from my perspective and would be the best use of that capital at this time.
Brad Buss: Let me tackle that Krish. Most of our California pricing is in the 17%, 18% set range historically. So it’s not like we’re pricing 10%, 15% off a rate. So if a guy that’s heavily to report user is it $0.30 he is not being price at 28%. So our standard pricing historically seems to protect us, it’s based on the proposed rate so far.
Brad Buss: Yes, I mean with the growth rate we are experiencing right now and the size of the markets that we are in, its no urgency to expand internationally and that’s separate from the market – where we see opportunities.
Brad Buss: I mean that there is like the market structures have to evolve as well and examples of market structures are aggregated residential demand response and significantly differentiated some of these pricing. I think the economic are kind of there now, if the right kind of market structure can be developed. At this point I don’t want to put a kind of cost target out there for what the combined battery and solar systems have to be in order to be able to pay for – to get paid for based on some sort of tariff that we can’t even speculate on just yet. So it’s a tough question to answer, because I will just reinforce we continue to spend it, I think that like in the next five to ten years we will be installing battery with solar power, but my thinking is kind of routed in the fundamental kind of engineering challenges and opportunities and just having faith [indiscernible] structures.
Brad Buss: And in the interim I mean neutral demand for the backup generation that we just announce has been off the charges and way beyond our expectations.
Brad Buss: Yes, I mean so one thing to keep in mind is our backlog and how it trickles through, so it’s a lot higher portion of our bookings right now that it is installed I mean looking at the data, but I don’t our expectation overall hasn’t changed in terms of the overall run rate.
Brad Buss: I mean its not a number where we are looking to split up right now, but I mean I would say roughly two third to third just kind of in that ballpark areas about who want to go.
Brad Buss: Yes, we do think we are going to – like the strategy it never being to lead with financial innovation and the strategy is to – financial innovation gets commoditized in every at some points for this asset class should have access to the same cost of capital. And so our focus is differentiating in cost, quality and product set and that said we aren’t seeing much competition yet in the MyPower sector and a product similar designed to MyPower there are some loan products out there, but not designed the same way as MyPower.
Brad Buss: All above cost of capital, so for us like we said many times over we are driving our unit costs down and we want to drive the cost of capital down. So we are agnostic to any of the products that are out there than get us there, we look at everything, we evaluate everything, so I like everything anything that can me a lower cost and more variability and more cash upfront is good. Again on the cat fee end of it I think it would be great to put the metric so and then we talk about forecasting, but I think its pretty simple to see what’s our growth that we have the growth and retain value everything kind of came and then comes inline. So I mean our growth profile is going to be pretty gone big I think compared to most companies that are out there and the cat fee.
Brad Buss: Yes, Silevo acquisition metrics it look so much better can half of this - and the we never look that competitors who have actual cost of the 1000 buck it marketing acquisition cost its not the fully loaded acquisition cost and so you have to compare apples to apples and have been said we do have channel with the fully loaded acquisition cost is in the range and in our federal as an example as a load acquisition cost it just been referral. But when you doubling every single year you can’t growth at that paid on referral. So some other companies who only have at 30% growth you can do that on referrals. So we will – with that being said we will look at we continue to innovation and reducing our acquisition cost it has creep up in Q4 and Q1 based on the large investment should made in the sales team up and running and investing to the future and invested a head of deal the seasonality of Q4 specifically selling days and in put some of the winter on the east coast, the biggest cost increased primarily the investment we are making in to future. And so now you could sales people up and running get some producing bookings and that case to sales person full ramped and producing that. Yes we will expanded additional partnerships we will look at expanding our online presences we improving our web marketing as well through just the cost of acquisition.
Brad Buss: So it’s a very good question very good inside on the terms we actually like we are so we did in 350 and we work that test engineers the basically integrate lets handle and have approved that few people kind – we actually put long and haul that how to get to people and what was your second question.
Brad Buss: Yes, I mean there is one of the things we are like as you release in the product you already thing of like dozen of things that you can modified to the integrated systems make even better cheap of the next year or so there is lot of opportunity and we are in a position right now we kind of spoke about it. But there is a lot of stuff that we are still doing – to lower the cost, like year-on-year lowering it by two-thirds we are pretty happy with kind of it will be the function proven this year and next year, but the loss that we are doing that’s going to…
Brad Buss: Yes, I mean in - just to give it in perspective in Q1 we added 1,300 people and 92% of them are sales – and Lyndon talked about. And I think the bigger point though which we will talk more in the future is growth where we are going with our cost target as well as our efficiencies, the technology gains and even in a post dropdown ITC assuming that happens we are still going to have in very viable business, probably one of the few that will be that strong and I think you will see us continue to grow potentially even faster with that headwind out there. And I think quite honestly a line of the competition we are going to take a few bullets in the head because our cost structures and now were near that, so we obviously will monitor it very carefully, but we think we are going to follow right through and continue to grow.
Brad Buss: I mean I think the ag facility is a great example right we are looking at number of people that canceled from so kind of permission to operate is very, very minuet so the ability to move that up I think is a great testament to our model and like I said that will take us 90 days right there. On the tax equity it really revolves around the ability to trounce quicker with our partners get them through the data quicker. So believe me I mean just like we do with cost we look at everything, we are looking at every lag in the financing cycle time as I refer to because I look at financing as a factory right, the operational part of the factory is just continuing in the long and we want to make sure we are doing that with capital. So anyway we squeeze the day or two out, we plan on doing that and then also the other focus is on getting more of the cash advance upfront and part of that negotiation and part of that is the quality of the assets and the paper as we continue to grow.
Brad Buss: And I will be doing more on the front end kind of like as you would call it probably like a construction facility concept, we are doing some interesting stuff there and looking at longer term bonds. We look at everything, look at everything.
Unidentified Analyst: So going back to the wider question here what – in terms of yield curve. Can you discuss how you think about your own evaluation and evolution of the business model? And then also perhaps just in that same – how you think about your own – growth metrics. I know we are still in early days here, but how that might compare versus peers out there in the publicly traded world.
Unidentified Analyst: Good thank you that color. Second question just on the vary system may be like just question how you anticipate handling 220 pound battery and then broader question about the integration of the storage and solar system and how you would integrated both optimize performance of the combined. Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys thanks for taking my call. Primarily interested in the timing of cash rich recognition I think which you can do to speedup cash flow back to city whether its through tax equity and stretching out their involvement or with the financing, but basically the portfolio that [indescribable] and getting to the hands of shareholders as quickly as possible? Thanks.
