Elon Musk: Hi. Thanks for joining us. So, I think we can proceed directly to questions and since there is no point in me reading something that you already have. So, Jeff let’s just go directly to questions.
Elon Musk: Sure, we do have firm pricing from Panasonic. And so, we have very good predictability as to what will the price be over the next four years. We’re not obligated to purchase – all of those sales. So, it is profitable for us if Panasonic becomes uncompetitive to exit the bill with relatively small. There is some penalty that is quite small. Now that being said, I feel pretty confident that Panasonic is going to be in the lead position from a sales base, actually I think for quite some time. And when we (inaudible) to what others are doing. So, I think we’ve got the best sales partner in the world and so, I’m just going to remain with that for quite a while. Now, we do expect over that period (inaudible) for you to make a lot more cars than we’ve currently talked about the Panasonic deal, which is an order of 80,000. So that basically huge room for a second source if that does make sense.
Elon Musk: Yeah we’ve had a number of conversations but have just decided to de-prioritize that initially because this really didn’t seem to be a need to have leasing take place in probably the first, its only for the first six months, but I think maybe even in the first twelve months and it’s better for us folks we could certainly get a leasing sales on, so it doesn’t seem to be necessary achieve our volume targets in the six to 12 months. Yeah.
Elon Musk: The basic tool rate is going very well. I mean, for us certainly is going very well, because we take that to a (inaudible) but they are all going very well. We have over 90% of the sector 20 equipment in place. I don’t really know of any one thing that I would call out as being strictly risky, but there is a lot of little things and that could potentially go away, but we are not trying to make sure is that we have the agility to respond to any one of those things. So we have sort of a special force of team that’s in the Engineering and Manufacturing side that can go and tackle any specific problem once it arises but we don’t know what it is yet, if anything comes [ph]. So yeah things look great, I don’t really have anything to complain about right now. We do want to make sure this car is close to perfect as possible and we could shift cars sooner than July if we have lower standards in that regard but we want to really create a good impression with customers from the moment there is (inaudible) car, so...
Elon Musk: Yeah. In fact, we’re just deciding that right now, that is which is pick out what is the best way to price this, we have got the various options and I suspect it strikes a good happy medium between customer value perception and consumer gross margin to Tesla. And I think we really, really to lifeboat [ph] into that, but in the remaining sort of deck, obviously we have to (inaudible) if our assumptions are wrong and after we (inaudible). But we do expect to have that out before the end of this year, so give or take December at least.
Elon Musk: Yeah, I think so. Look, now for the first several months of production, we’re going to constrain that the option mix to a pretty high, you have to order stuff that’s got a pretty high option mix initially. And we said this several months ago, for the first five months or so, we want to be offering the 160-mile range vehicle, it will just be the 300-mile and 230mile range. And there will be a couple other options that are kind of mandatory in the initial period. But that makes it easier for us to constrain the number of variables in the start of production and so, we don’t have too many variations of vehicles coming out of the factory. And I think that is sort of the best way to take it down of early demand. It is kind of like, when you order a new CPU or something like that, it would initially be expensive and then it could go down later as production increased. So we’re kind of insisting that people buy the heavily optioned car initially and (inaudible).
Elon Musk: Hopefully around the end of this year, that’s really going to be part of the mutual consent of Daimler and us I mean, so when they are ready to talk about it then that’s when we talk about it.
Elon Musk: Yeah, I mean of course, there is always some things to cover, limited production risk vehicle and that’s what it is from seasonality, give a lot of (inaudible) convertibles footprint and (inaudible) little better and sooner than (inaudible). But I am got retune options here, both the sales one with the other. That’s the biggest value of Roadster has to test those really kind of in advanced scout to help us understand how to make and vehicle how operates in most of the different countries in different climates, regulatory machines. And it’s kind of (inaudible). So, and it’s really focused its purpose very well, but we’re really not moving away from that to the next major beta things with the Model S and I think that’s what really matters in the long-term.
Elon Musk: The rate of Model S reservations does appear to be accelerating. And I should point out we’re not paying for any advertising and they actually advertise the Model S and we get a lot (inaudible) once we have on stores and our sales to integrate in North America really has shifted its focus at this point at least from the Roadster to a Model S. But it is noteworthy that with advertising that you are seeing this quarter. I think probably a lot of you don’t realize that this is just wearing out and our sales team but I think something that people were interested in buying the Model S should appreciate if that if the model S reservations continue to accelerate that it is very important for them to put down a deposits soon or they will be getting a car in 2014. I think sometimes people have got the impression that the Model S is kind of how other cars are where there is a ton of them on the lot and you can just go to the lot and buy one, but that’s not the case, they are also down (inaudible).
Elon Musk: I don’t want to give away too much, because it wouldn’t be much and vary, but whereas the Model S, our goal is to address the premium sedan and to some degree premium SUV market, because the Model X will also try to bridge the market for growth. We’re trying to address primarily the SUV market bridging to the many of that market. And so what we’re trying to achieve with the Model X is to have more functionality than a mini-van. So we’re eager to getting out of (inaudible) cargo along with people and yeah, I think that’s really the best we’re missing. Right now for a lot of people, I know that they’re forced to buy a mini-van and that they kind of hate it. But they need the functionality. I thought we want to give more than that functionality and I think somebody looks really cool.
Elon Musk: Well, for SUV, I mean I know a lot of people who afford to pay a lot more for mini-van, because just nothing with the (inaudible) they’re buying, and there isn’t really premium mini-van. And that’s only premium SUV from a (inaudible) and whatnot. But I mean in fact, I have (inaudible) like less premium sedan (inaudible) more I think going to look that way correct.
Elon Musk: Well, I can do just my best guess is and I think most people are going to probably want the 230 mileage car. And I think a lot of people have been wanted the 300-plus mile car. Especially everything applied to the 310 to 320 miles range. And there is some other advantages to that car and in that we’re going to be operating on much on the batteries lines. It does include things (inaudible) the long-distance intercity fast charging. Okay, I think we will see probably (inaudible) 230 than next largest in the 300 and then the 160. And then there’s a number of other options that are pretty cool. I mean we are the biggest both openings of any car, I believe that any channel has to do anything. If I spend the Model X kind we get through having a convertible or about convertible. I think, people want to pick that option and the ad suspension, which is able to (inaudible) the right height according to below the car and it will improve efficiency on the highway 300 down. You can raise both the car going through heavy flow. So I hope a lot of people get good option, because and a lot of people really realize you can how cool option that is. So it kind of pays on how we can convert the value of having it. And then...
Elon Musk: Yeah, that’s a good question. We’re going to have very exciting announcements about interested in charging, and interested in supercharging if you will. So we develop what we call the Tesla supercharger, which is the 9 kilowatt charger. And I think we are hoping to have first one in 2012 and between Central Carolina and LA probably in January or February timeframe and when the (inaudible) schedule start. And we’re planning on like doing things at several cars around that the unveiling the first one because I mean when you see what this looks like in a highway restaurant parking lot, it’s like the coolest thing, it’s like, it looks like and that’s even harder fact line is in the middle of the slide. Otherwise, you know that drop you think it’s located. But it’s just looks smoothing. And we will allow people to be able to charge 150 miles in 30 minutes and so that we think even cars (inaudible) go back or come back and continue your journey. I am probably getting head myself on that.
Elon Musk: Yeah, and definitely at some point we’ll be advertising. And but I think it will be a few years before we do advertising. If our production limit is done then there is not much point in spending money in advertising and if we want to get to a point where we’re not production limited and then that obviously makes sense. So I guess, we’d probably stop some advertising in 2013 and yeah, that’s just a guess but it may not need to in 2015 but our integrity will be any sooner than 2015.
Elon Musk: Well, I’ll be a little bit careful because we do have an ongoing legal action there and (inaudible) right or wrong essentially. Tesla was really wrong by that show and it left a negative lasting impression in UK. And it took a week about just for Top Gear to strong it and so we got to change that data point that inconvenience. That is making some progress in that direction I don’t want to say anything that would negatively affect our legal case there. So, I have to probably (inaudible) that’s what’s going on.
Elon Musk: It’s not advertising, but certainly legal cost, we do (inaudible) marking events, we have salespeople on salary and of course then there is a little bit of brand damage but I mean you can correct that (inaudible) damage at a time but it’s still controls there...
Elon Musk: Yeah, it’s less for these passing week. I mean, those enclosures, it’s fixed enclosures, which is sort of doors, bonnets and trunk. The assembly equivalent to that is arriving but has not completely arrived. That’s like one example. And but I think we expect to have that in the next month or two. And the next big thing after that would be the stamping dyes for the body panels. And with those rates did it by a (inaudible) partner in that front and yeah, I mean, we should have all of the equipment in place by the end of this year and I know it’s going to be working great high to our net [ph] and with that invariable manufacturing lines and really, yeah.
Elon Musk: Yeah, that’s a good point. I should have mentioned (inaudible) our supplier for those assemblies. They go for that Apex so if you all are debugging it Apex, so the Nm 1625 they should address. So in principle, at least at the manufacturing module level that has been debarred. And then we have to just pre-mark is debugging the module to module interaction if you have customers from one hotline to the next. And so that should minimize overall manufacturing line risk.
Elon Musk: It’s (inaudible) but I thought, with (inaudible) in the first stump a bunch of panels in Japan or Thailand wherever the case maybe, and then they send us those parts and the staffing guys.
Elon Musk: We try on [ph] using a common battery cell, so that would apply to all vehicles that use (inaudible) to more than just the Model S. (inaudible) all vehicles but to more than just the Model S.
Elon Musk: Yeah, the safety testing is looking really good, and at certain extremely high bar which is to be by five star pressured in every category. And from what I’m told if we achieve that we’ll be the only car that is five star pressured in every category in fact 2012 category. And so that’s looking really good, now we have a fundamental advantage with the Model S, which is that that cars we do not have a large engine block in the front, that we’ve got a front. And that is we’ve got a front trunk. That gives us a much longer crumple zone than it’s possible in other premiums events. And I’m not sure that right now what you said that if you think just like if you jump out of the capacitor window. You probably want to jump into an Olympic seismic pool than teddy pool. And having a long crumple zone it means that you can jump it as good, you can spread out the deceleration of the car of a much longer distance, whereas otherwise gasoline can’t do that because we’ll give it to engine like to (inaudible) and that’s fundamentally that’s superior architecture and as well as I think we’ve got a shot for making necessary to standalone.
Elon Musk: We did. So there is a 1,000 cars in the Signature Series and there is only a few hundred left actually. So next were not 700 and something at the Signature Series have been reserved. And in fact the only way to get a car next year is, if you buy one of the couple of hundred remaining Signature Series cars. So you have a number of people convert to that. Yeah, we just know it was note some of that.
Elon Musk: Well I think took the place in the Model X and then that’s really sort of the best to drive our focus in the Model X and to Model X that it going to be a pretty great operating vehicle and because you also have that air suspension and that I (inaudible) and it’s going to have a particularly teller (inaudible) and we think forward the best flow of assets of any car variant and so that should cover us grew around the operating point and long-term its possible we could go into a wide range of variance, but that can shortly (inaudible).
Elon Musk: Actually we (inaudible) sacrifice quite a few Model S is the constant thing and (inaudible) dozen and there is another dozen to come and as we do as much as we can with simulation corporate invited simulation the value of iteration cycles. But we’re very close to the end of that I think the sort of final cost cuts of (inaudible) that we’ve made the correct changes. So that’s why we’re looking really good. And then because the Model S electric that has HOV [ph] preference pure electric such as California, growth drive in the carpool lane [ph] and without a problem that as you can right now with (inaudible)
Elon Musk: I think pure electric, we don’t have through EPA issues to deal with because we don’t have any direct emissions there.
Elon Musk: Well, it was a – so we have got a bad debt of experience with that with the Roadster, now with (inaudible) and Eagle [ph] I don’t look at the bad stuff you mentioned, but in terms of working on the bikes with charging and knowing what’s going to be an issue with some we do a 1000s, out there and what were, and that’s where the roads has been really valuable, and so we – where we did make the (inaudible) roads, so we made them at a small scale in order to avoid making in a meta large scale with the Model S and subsequent vehicles. So I think, we’ve got pretty good handle on things and there’s been a lot of intelligence in the charge algorithms of the Model S even though serve them and the roads to. And yeah, the vehicles are automatically back to input charging, they are current in voltage, there is a not a great problems with whatever circuit is feeding it, but it’s got a really intelligent feedback with.
Elon Musk: Or maybe I can ask you we want to keep the call to an hour, so let’s if there are any more questions, let’s go to the last caller, please.
Elon Musk: We definitely want to enable trade-ins and we are talking to a couple of large new cargos in the country (inaudible) handle back, I don’t see and those (inaudible) for customers and so we will have that ability to deal with trade-ins to put the Model S, for the Roadster, we kind of sidestep that issue. And it wasn’t really that important for the Roadster and for Model S it certainly is.
Deepak Ahuja: Sure, before that let me just add reservations in Q3 for Model S were 1,150. So they were closer between 350 and 400 a month and as compared to a 1,000 in Q2. So there is a very good increase in Q3 that we saw and then in terms of OpEx as you know all of our manufacturing related expense in addition to R&D, is being booked as OpEx, until the in the launch mode for the Model S. At that point, our manufacturing expenses would move out of R&D into cost of goods sold. As a result as we continue to hire more people and we’ll hire more the production workforce in the next few quarters and start training them and getting ready, clearly our manufacturing related expenses will continue to increase and that’s going to drive our OpEx primarily. At the same time we’ll see some decline and in Model S development expenses as some of the testing and supplier of ED&T work gets done. So that’s a bit of in and out happening. But it’s really once we are in production mode of Model S and manufacturing expenses are in cost of goods sold then we’ll seen an appreciable drop in OpEx.
Deepak Ahuja: I think that’s a high class problem because I mean if there are many EVs, it pretty much easily won. So yes, (inaudible) we’re selling so many cars that it actually matters of the good, I mean, I think we’re probably more than a decade away from that. We always think the Roadsters is the vast majority of charging because at light from this garage, which I guess one would intuitively expect. So and great capacity of light, I mean huge enough capacity so that things to fit well with the existing infrastructure.
Deepak Ahuja: And to add to Elon’s information here; a lot of this equipment is at our suppliers and is being tested, including the body enclosures line and when the trials are completed and if they are fully acceptable to us, they had got shipped to us. So lot of progress happening at our suppliers at the same time.
Deepak Ahuja: And while we are doing this, we are continuing to do the data bills in our Fremont factory, so even though we may not have the full automation in some cases, our suppliers can provide us those parts based on the automation in their facility and that’s allowing us to then continue doing the build-out and just refining and learning our own manufacturing processes and interacting with our suppliers as well.
