Lyndon R. Rive: Thank you, Aaron. Q2 was an amazing quarter for SolarCity. We booked two new records, bookings and installs. As we look at our business, we essentially have two companies in one. We're a development company and a power company. The development company is responsible for acquiring customers and getting solar systems installed. The power company provides the financing and collects 30 years of recurring revenue for selling the energy. As we look at our company, this quarter we booked 395 megawatts. Our previous record was 237 megawatts. We installed 189 megawatts, another record for us, 77% year-over-year growth. We reduced our total cost installation to $2.91 a watt. The assets we deployed achieved their unlevered IRR of 12%. After counting our (2:44) fully loaded cost and paying back all source of financing, we created $196 million of economic value for the quarter. Now let's look at the power company. We have 262,000 customers, adding over 44,000 customers this quarter, and 86% growth year-over-year. We're well on our way to achieve our 1 million customer goal. We added $1.6 billion of normal contracted payments with a total of $7.7 billion. The power company generates a lot of cash. The last 12 months, the power company has generated $114 million. I'm excited about this number as this is the first time we've broken out the cash for the power company from our GAAP financials. Brad will cover this in more detail. I'm now going to hand you over to Tanguy Serra, our COO.
Lyndon R. Rive: Thanks, Tanguy. So with our lower commercial cost, I'm excited to announce that we're going to be entering the small and medium commercial markets. This is a massive market that has been neglected by the solar industry. Until recently, if you were a small business and you wanted solar, most of the large solar companies will not provide you with a lease or power purchase agreement and issue over 300 kilowatts in size. That included SolarCity. The two main reasons for this is cost and financing. Almost every large solar company outsources the installation of the commercial systems. This makes it extremely hard to be cost-effective on small businesses. As Tanguy mentioned, we are able to bring down the cost with the combination of doing the installation work ourselves and of a unique commercial mounting hardware system called the ZS Peak. The next big challenge is financing. Most commercial buildings that have solar today have good investment grade credit. Without good credit, it makes it hard to finance solar systems over 20 years. This makes it hard to provide financing for small businesses. In Q4 last year in California, the law change allow leases under the PACE program. PACE program is the Property Assess Clean Energy program. With the combination of our lower cost and adding the lease program to the PACE program, we are able to offer attractive financing to our small businesses. The economics to SolarCity will be very similar to our residential business with a gross retained value of around $1.90 a watt. I'll now hand over to Brad.
Lyndon R. Rive: Thanks, Brad. Okay, let's wrap things up. I really want to explain how the management team thinks about the company and the equity value that we are creating. We have a power company. The power company has 1.4 gigawatts of deployed assets generating gigawatt-hours. For the last year, the power company has generated $140 million of cash, and those assets will be stepping up to $166 million in the next six years or seven years post the tax equity flux. This cash flow is contracted with investment-grade entities and high FICA scores. If we were to stop the business today, we would collect $9 billion over the next 30 years. Using a 6% discount rate, the net retained value of the power company is over $3 billion. We also have an amazing development company with over 12,000 employees selling a product that is cheaper and cleaner than the alternative. We install one out of every three homes in the U.S. We also have the best safety record and the lowest cost in the country. When we deploy a watt, we create a cash per stream of $0.07 per year. If you discount that back, it's worth a little over $1 a watt for our freeholders. (13:04) Over the last six months, we've deployed 342 megawatts and created $343 million of value. We keep this value in our balance sheet and then we put it onto the power company. For the year, we plan to install 922,000 megawatts, which should create around $920 million to $1 billion of value, growing at 86%. We feel really good about the company and we also feel really good about the company post-ITC reduction. We believe that our cost structure will allow us to thrive post-ITC reduction and generate $0.60 per watt for equity value. Now we'll open up to questions.
Lyndon R. Rive: So, Tanguy, why don't you go ahead and answer the install questions, and then I'll go ahead and talk about the equity value.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. One thing I want to add on that as well is the commercial bookings, we had early commercial bookings in Q1 and not so good commercial bookings in Q2. And the big delay for commercial is the permit. And, of course, to book them early in the year, the permits should come out in time for us to get it, so that's another reason that makes it easier to ramp up by the end of the year.
Lyndon R. Rive: And regarding the equity value, this is why we've added the extra disclosures, so you can calculate the $0.07 per watt that we generate. If you discount it back to today, it's roughly about $1 a watt – a little over $1 a watt. And so that's the reason for the extra disclosure. The company is growing extremely well and it creates tremendous value at every watt we deploy.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes. So, yeah, we did change that. We changed it from deployed to install. We can control install, and what we noticed happened last year, as we had the large volume, the mad rush going into November, December, the city departments and the utility inspectors that can't keep up with us, and so that's the constraint. In order to hit that, you have to then take in two weeks or a month earlier, and if you look at our monthly run rate, it wouldn't be – we wouldn't be able to get that deployed number by the end of the year, although the install number, we feel very good about.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes. Good question. We're not ready really yet to give a forecast for 2016, but we're confident that our growth would be above the industry growth for 2016, so we'll be just – we're just not yet ready to give a megawatt install for 2016.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. It should range between two to three weeks in delay, so roughly speaking. So whatever (26:11), that number will grow, but you have to look at it weeks of megawatts installed versus total megawatts being deployed. There's a difference between installed and deployed.
Lyndon R. Rive: In terms of the second question, yes, absolutely, this would be a concern on especially larger projects that have to PTO in time for the ITC. This will have to be included into our guidance and has to be built in as we look at selling. The way we would look at it, however, for most of the projects, this is more applicable for the commercial projects that don't (26:51) without it, but for most of the projects that we were deploying, we will continue to just install and have a $0.60 per watt economic value creation instead of over $1 but, yes, we'll just continue.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes. So, essentially, what happened is we'll do less tax equity, more debt. Nothing changes with the past systems. Those obligations stay exactly the same. All the systems to deploy in 2016 are going to have similar obligations to what you're seeing in 2015. In 2017, on a 10% ITC, we'll be raising less tax equity so we'll be giving less of the cash flows to the tax equity investors and then more of the cash flows to debt providers. I think that answers your question (29:02).
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. And on the international markets, we're absolutely very interested in looking at international markets. There are many international markets where the equity value creation is really good without any incentives, so it's just pure on the fundamentals. So, yeah, we are looking at those and stay tuned.
Lyndon R. Rive: On MyPower, just like when we would do – if we were to do ABS on MyPower, yeah, it has to be worthwhile to get into large enough size to go through the transaction.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. In terms of our bottleneck, hiring install crews is not top of the list. The biggest bottleneck that we face is picking up from booking to getting it ready for installation. And that's dealing with all the permitting, that's getting – going back to the customers, finalizing the design, back and forth customers on vacation, that to us is our biggest bottleneck, and taking it from a booking to actually getting it ready for installation. The installation itself, as Tanguy mentioned, we need (37:36) really good processes to ramp that up.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. So, that's a mix (38:25) increasing in terms of percentage of our installations. So, that's just the mix.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. So, on FICO scores, I mean, our goal as a company is to get to point where we can solar affordable to everyone.
Lyndon R. Rive: So, that's – we're going to try and do – we're going to do more and more innovation to achieve that goal. So, that's make solar affordable to everyone. Right now, if you take the history of the company, we went from 725 down to 700 down to 680 down to 650 [FICO score] and now we have to figure out how do we make it possible for everybody in America to get cheaper, cleaner energy, and so that's – we just have to solve that. In terms of the actual default, it's...
Lyndon R. Rive: I mean, best thing to look at is the last securitizations that we've done. That describes it really well.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yes. That's a really good question. So, this new program, it's actually not that new, but it's new to leases and power purchase agreements. It's called the PACE program. That's essentially a program that allows you to tie the lease payment to the property tax of the building. And so, with that, you essentially take a – building on our customer that it was hard to underwrite the credit to automatically an investment-grade credit. So it's really, really strong credit, in fact stronger than most investment-grade credit. And so now you can use that and then you could finance the systems, and so then the key thing is to tie it to that. And it's available right now in California. We expect that the results of this will show other states to follow it, because the PACE program is actually deployed to about 14 states, but California is the first to allow leases under that program, and the whole purpose of the program is to allow building owners to make an operational – building upgrade to the building that reduces operating costs. So any business that actually does this, the business actually becomes healthier and using the property tax to pay for it.
Lyndon R. Rive: So, we need the law to change to allow lease – so, PACE program is in about 14 states. But what changed in California last year would allow a lease program under the PACE program. So, that's a key change. So they're only available right now in California, and so we expect that to roll out to other states as the state see the job growth and the movement of small commercial, because PACE has been around for commercial for four years or five years, and the adoption has still been very low. But if you combine PACE and lease, we are convinced that the adoption will increase dramatically. The example I could give, it's actually very similar to what the residential business market was back in 2007, and there was financing available for residential back in 2007, but you had to go get home equity loan and finance the solar system, really hard and a lot of work to do to pay in for commodity. Now we make it easy. We take care of everything and we just provide them a lower cost source of energy. One other key thing, which you may have picked up in the media report is the lease payment is locked in, so the value proposition for the small business is tremendous. They save money – call it about 5% to 25% from day one, and the lease payment is locked in at that rate for the next 20 years.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. Some states' policy needs to change. Like you have Florida, which should be a good market, but there needs to be some policy change there to make solar work in progress. So as those things happen, we'll have to expand in.
Lyndon R. Rive: So I'm highly optimistic where we end up in Hawaii, California and New York. I think these are the three states that are going to look at how did the utility and solar industry of the future look like, and they are going to come up with programs that allow and continue to generate the adoption of renewable energy. So those are the three states that have closest understanding of it and the solutions will be quite right (47:25).
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. So, the acquisition cost is actually quite tied to our growth as well. If you do look at – a lot of the acquisition cost today is referrals. And it's the largest source of our new customers. And so, if we were to stand (48:24) on the growth, the acquisition cost would come down dramatically. So that last mile (48:29) and reaching those extra customers who have never thought of solar before and then spending money to get them excited about it, (48:37), we are going to start trying to sell over the Web. We are establishing new partners as you may see, we have established a partnership with DIRECTV. We have one with Best Buy and Home Depot, and those partners are still doing well. But the acquisition cost it's seeming to stay flattish, and slightly increase, but flattish and unless we succeed at really funneling it through the Web or changing the sales process and getting more units through the same sales team that's where we have to get there. It's not ideal. I'd like it to be a little lower.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. I mean, in terms of roof space, small commercial is a bigger market than large commercial, so it's a big market.
Lyndon R. Rive: One more thing on that same point. Well, hold on. We're not giving up on this thing. I feel like (53:20) I should give an explanation of like, how long it used to take us when we subbed it versus if we do it ourselves.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. In fact, people don't believe us, so we created a video to show you how we can do it in three days versus 27 days. You'll see it.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. So I think the next quarter is going to be very telling. So we cracked the nut on the cost. We've cracked the nut on financing, now that you cracked the next nut and that is, every – it's going to be the same process as our residential. Everyone signs the same contracts. There's no negotiating, nothing. This is what you get. This is what you pay for, and we love your cost of energy. So that sales process we just launched it on Tuesday. We have to express that sales process to really give you a better forecast. And so the next earnings call we'll be able to give you a lot more insight into what – how that division is doing. But in terms of market size, it is the second biggest market in the country: residential, number one; small commercial, number two; and then large commercial, number three. So it has amazing potential and if we crack that – if we prove it out, we'll create a similar type of factory where you sell onsite. You sell over the phone. You get customers sign up. We do the design. We do the installs. We leverage our existing operational centers. We create the crews within the same infrastructure, and we just scale it. And we take it from California and then eventually take it to the East Coast and expand it to the other states.
Lyndon R. Rive: So PACE has a great – it's a great story. It creates a lot of jobs and reduces the operating cost of the building, and it's a good program to enable small businesses to use clean energy. And so, I am convinced that as soon as policymakers see the amount of job growth that we're creating with this program in California and the amount of savings we can give to the small businesses, then that they would just change their policy because they already have the program in place. They just got to say that it's allowed for leases. Then so it's not a big – look, it's not bring in a whole new – they're not creating the PACE program. It's just making a modification to include leases.
Lyndon R. Rive: Yeah. So, first part, you are correct. We're assuming pricing – there's not much movement on pricing. It's a combination of cost reduction and less cash going to the (01:00:58) investors. That gets us to the $0.60 a watt. In terms of market increase in California, people in the know know it; most of the consumers don't quite know it yet. We're excited about it as it will increase our base. The challenge has never been the top tier. The challenge has always been the smaller homes or the homes that use less energy. Now at our $0.15 offering, every customer will see a savings. So, we like it.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Thanks, Lyndon. So Lyndon mentioned we had a really solid quarter of installs. We deployed 168 megawatts of residential systems and 21 megawatts of commercial systems. I' m very happy with our continued build and scale and delivering incredibly strong sales and our leadership team have continued to work hand-in-hand to offer customers an amazing experience. Housing installs grew at 86% year-on-year. And as Lyndon mentioned, we believe we have cracked the code on commercial growth through a combination of sales execution and significantly lowering our commercial install cost, allowing the commercial team to book significant profitable megawatts in Q2, and thereby ending our flattish commercial megawatt deployment record, and we expect to see substantial growth in commercial megawatts in the back half of the year. Our costs continue to climb. Our all-in costs are down 2% year-over-year, and our install costs are down 7% despite flattish power prices which speaks to the continued increased productivity of our team. Our like-for-like install costs on housing and on commercial are down versus last quarter, but in this quarter, we had a higher proportion of higher-cost projects like carports, which also carry higher PPA rates, and so the overall blend of the cost is up versus last quarter, but the like-for-like project like trend continues to be declining sequentially in cost. The sales costs and, to a certain extent, the G&A are sized for the next quarter of continued growth and to always include some element of investment to the future. We see panel prices and inverter prices coming down over the next few quarters. That, combined with the effects of our in-sourcing our commercial projects, allows us to nicely bridge the gap between the current $2.13 of what we're at and the $1.90 target cost we call for operation cost. With that, back to you, Lyndon.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Sure. Yeah, thanks. We've provided a couple (16:48) on scaling – we have been scaling historically at that growth rate, and the most important piece of when you scale is to build the infrastructure to be able to scale, and so things like training centers, training programs close to the university, they're all built out, and so we're able to hire, onboard, train and get installs in the roofs in a way that makes a lot of sense. And there's a fair bit of software and algorithms that go into predicting where and when those crews will be needed, and so we feel very, very good about being able to do scaling as we have historically.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: To specifically answer your question, the mix of commercial as a percentage will increase in the back half of the year.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: I'd just add, just to give you some color, we feel very, very good about the deployment numbers and install numbers that we're giving out here, things that could swing it between the bottom and the top of the range. As Lyndon said, at the run rate that we'll be at towards the end of the year, it's 50 megawatts, it's two weeks' worth of volume. It – permit times, extending two weeks on a given project, could swing between bottom and top of the range, but it really doesn't change the fundamental economics. It's really is – it's weeks of timing as opposed to whether we will install them or not.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Sure. I'll answer the first one and then how much Lyndon will ask me to – we'll, let Lyndon answer (29:43) the second one, but on the first one, yeah, we're seeing – we're clearly seeing exactly you described module prices have been flattish for the last several quarters, last five to six quarters, and we're seeing now pricing start to come down. There's a number of really high-quality module manufacturers both in China and outside of China for which we are grateful partners that are seeing their price reductions from these quarters, so that is really good when we look at our cost target.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Yeah. I think you answered your question, really grateful for that. Being vertically integrated is the key to this stuff which is – we call it – you can use the bicycle chain analogy or whatever analogy you want to use for tension which is, if you've got a pipeline of sales coming through and then a fast deployment and a high-quality deployment of audit and then a call center in Las Vegas with over 1,000 people taking the calls, handling the customer care issues, going through the paperwork and then pushing that out to the field with permitting and ultimately creating jobs for installers, that tension is what creates success. So what that does is that it allows us to pay people well obviously, because we've got a really sophisticated form of incentive pay for installers. And the more jobs that they filter through, the more job they get paid, which creates a really, really positive tension in the organization. And then the other thing it does is that, because we are able to pay higher wages in the industry comparables at a lower cost because our utilization is significantly higher, it allows us to attract and recruit the best in the industry as well as from other industries because, as I said, we're able to pay more than comparable jobs. And I think that's the key to all of this stuff which is install is all about really, really having a really strong focus on productivity. If you focus on productivity and you focus on kilowatts installed per crew and keep that really high, you can pay people more. If you can pay people more, you tend to attract the best; and if you attract the best, then your productivity is high. And so that positive cycle associated with the vertical integration that you mentioned is the key to all this.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Yeah. We're excited about that. We're still on track. We'll have the buildings ready towards the end of this year and the equipment getting installed in H1 next year. And then ramping up and being at full capacity in 2017. And that will significantly contribute to reduction in costs both because the panels themselves on a dollars-per-watt basis will be cheaper, but also because they're higher efficiency panels and, as a consequence, all of these per panel costs will come down on per watt basis.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Yeah. As Lyndon said, our ambition is to provide solar to everyone, and we're really working hard on that. The key to providing solar to everyone is continue to lower cost. As and when we continue to lower cost and we have the regulatory regimes in states that allow us to create economic value, we will open in those states, as you say we opened three. We've got a couple more that we're evaluating and likely to open pretty quickly. And then as we continue to lower costs, we'll be able to open more states. But now those are the ones we're going to open (45:59).
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Yeah. So, it's counterintuitive. But when you subcontract out a commercial install, it actually costs you more than it would cost us to do a residential install. I think that speaks more to our residential quality and the quality of our install teams. A lot of our installers are truly heroes and we're able to get amazing cost on the resi space. And so, the – counterintuitively, our commercial costs have historically been higher than our resi cost. And when we're insourcing the commercial jobs, we're seeing some phenomenal costs on the commercial side, which we feel really, really good about and that's going to drag down the blended cost very substantially, and I think which gives us a lot of comfort in $1.90 build cost for 2017.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: That's right. And I think – let me raise a key point here, which is – there's a number of roofs in commercial that we have a phenomenal product for because we've been able to crack the code on costs.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: (52:57) so one point just for – when we do the commercial cost of sales, we're able to use ZS Peak, or a number of our Zep products. And so that we really get the benefit of having a better mounting hardware, which also is part of the trick here.
Tanguy Vincent Serra: Yeah. So, I mean, this is a fascinating topic. We've spent a lot of our time on it. We really, really think we can take a lot of cost out of commercial. So a typical big-box retailer used to take about 26 days, 27 days to install and with great subcontractors, super high quality, but when we do the job ourselves, with our people, SolarCity employees, our awesome people, our training, our methods, our approach, our culture, it takes three days. And so that's a dramatic difference, obviously, in fixed cost because the crane and all of the associated fixed costs that you've paid per day just dramatically collapse. And the other thing it does is for a big-box retailer, who obviously every day of construction on a roof is a pain, being able to take less than 27 days to three days has become a compelling and powerful sales argument for our sales team. And so we're winning a lot of business on that base of just being lower cost, faster, better, safer than competitors out there.
Brad W. Buss: Thanks, Lyndon. I'm going start us off on slide seven, and as usual, we had a very busy quarter with a lot of accomplishments in our financing. As you can see, we've launched our latest ABS into the market. It's about $124 million. Unfortunately, since this offering is in the market, there's nothing further we can say or any of the details we can get into it, so we'll give you a full summary once it closes. This is the final tax equity structure to be rated for the ABS market, and we now have two rating agencies and two banks well-versed in all of our structures, and I expect a much more predictable flow going forward. With respect to tax equity, our pipeline remains very robust. In Q2, we added a new fund. We upsized an existing fund, and we ended the quarter with 447 megawatts un-deployed. We have 2015 covered, and we plan on closing additional funds with new and existing investors in the second half with a focus on selling up our 2016 needs which is proceeding very well. In addition, our revolver has been increased to support growth with additional banking partners added. Our financing factory is leading the industry in innovation and cost of capital, and we are in great shape to support our continued growth in 2016 and beyond. Economic value creation is a key metric we introduced last quarter, and it captures the total value creation to equity using our actual Q2 installs and cost for the forecast for debt. Our EVC increased 33% from Q1, driven mostly by deployment growth and lower cost. The Q2 unlevered IRR was 12%, up nicely from 11% in Q1. The NPV on a per-watt basis was approximately $1.14 per watt, suggesting a range of approximately $1 billion-plus of annualized equity value creation in 2015 based on our megawatt guidance. If we run this very same model applying the expected impact of a 10% ITC in 2017 with our 2017 cost goal, we would still maintain healthy unlevered IRRs of approximately 7.5% and an equity NPV of roughly $0.60 per watt. Now getting to the main event, as promised, we are introducing new disclosure with respect to our cash flow generated from our power company. This is very important since due to our rapid growth, the strong cash flow generated by our power company is hidden in our GAAP financials by the investment in DevCo which is driving our rapid growth. CAFD is the focus in the industry and our PAC disclosure, as we call Power Available Cash, is our proxy given that our capital structure is very different than the average YieldCo as we use tax equity and debt versus equity to fund their business. The quarterly detail we've provided includes all direct cost to manage the power business, and it is derived from our consolidated GAAP financials. We have prepared a detailed white paper that details our methodology and calculations, and it's also available on the website. The trailing 12 month PAC totaled $114 million, of which a record $41 million was produced in Q2 alone, thus, adjusting an annualized run rate at the end of Q2 closer to $160 million plus. With respect to NRV, we continue to generate strong gross as well as net retained value, and we ended the quarter with the net retained value of $3.1 billion, an increase of almost 13% quarter-on-quarter. Notably, our gross retained value per watt increased across the board and commercial rebounded back to its historic range. I'll wrap up with some guidance. For Q3, we expect to install approximately 260 megawatts, which is a very strong 90% growth rate year-on-year. We entered the quarter with record bookings, and July has continued to be very strong. We also have our usual GAAP guidance listed on the slide for your reference. For the full year 2015, we're aligning our full-year guidance to megawatts installed versus deployed, which is consistent with the way we've been providing our guidance for the last two quarters and is the way we'll provide guidance going forward. As such, we expect to install 920 megawatts to 1,000 megawatts for 2015. Remember, deployments tend to lag this number by several weeks on average due to our large volume and the scheduling of third-party inspections. In summary, I think we had a great Q2 and I expect an even better Q3. As a company, we remain very focused on rapid growth, lowering costs and driving higher equity returns to our shareholders. I'll now turn the call back to Lyndon.
Brad W. Buss: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Patrick. It's Brad. So, I think – yeah, I mean, your quick math on your intro to your question, I think, is a good way to look at it. And remember, with the rate that we're adding stuff, stuff that's constantly added throughout the quarter, right? So we've given historical stuff. I mean, obviously, we'll start looking at some more forward-looking stuff on a going-forward basis that I'm sure you'll all be asking for that. But we think it's very important that you kind of get grounded in kind of the past. There's a lot of assumptions you can do and we'll provide, so you could see it going forward. And I think as far as the capital structure, I mean, we're very flexible as you could see. We've led the way in the securitization. We got a couple other things that we're working through. I think you'll continue to see us drive innovation where it can because our focus is on not only lowering those costs, but lowering that cost of capital as well.
Brad W. Buss: Yes, I mean, it's definitely in the ballpark. I mean, there's different things that impact that depending on some of our structures and prepayments, yada, yada, yada, but you're always going to have that. That's why we thought I wanted to give you that trailing 12 so you could kind get a view, seasonality, yada, yada, yada. But your concept is the right way to look at it.
Brad W. Buss: Yeah. I think the big thing you'll see is, obviously, a lot of stuff on the utility scale that's expected to obviously dry up pretty heavy. We've seen dollars that were allocated to wind moving over, and we're actually seeing some people that were playing more in the low-income housing credits coming into this market. So if anything, I think the moves toward distributed solar are picking up much quicker than we expected. The companies we're dealing with have remained very profitable. A lot of banks that were underwater for a while are coming back. They now have possible income that they want to manage. So I think net-net, the market is actually better and bigger, and I think to where you're going, I think terms and with our size and, more importantly, the frequency and consistency that we can deliver is being very well noticed. And we get a lot of people that are, like, why would I want to deal with anybody else because you guys have got the track record? We have a great machine on the front and back end and we – most importantly, we deliver to these guys on when they need it. So I'm very comfortable for 2016 and, who knows where 2017 will go, but I don't think that will be an issue.
Brad W. Buss: And I think, from my perspective, we just want to be very consistent. We've had a few people that, in conversations and modeling has (23:04) installed, deployed, and we want to be on the same page we could control it. And again, we're very confident in the install which is the most important thing, from our perspective, as we – if we don't get installed, nothing else is going to matter.
Brad W. Buss: Let me take the first part. In our press release, we show you installs and deployed and we're going to continue to show you those information. We're just not going to guide to it, just so we're clear. So you'll always see that information when it happens and we'll put it out there, just so we're clear on that. But it's too hard to guide to right now. I mean, the amount of commercial and the hundreds of jurisdictions we're dealing with, it's all over the place, especially with Christmas. So we'll be glad to provide the information, talk about it historically, but it's too hard to predict.
Brad W. Buss: It's easier and, well, like Lyndon said, we're building up the assets. And then we'll look at the back-leveraging at the time that's appropriate. And if ABS is the right vehicle, away it goes.
Brad W. Buss: I mean, there's two elements obviously, right, what happens with rates, and then the corresponding offset hopefully is where does our credit spread continue to go, right? Our paper is doing really well. We'll talk across the securitization once it's done, but we're moving in the right direction. The assets are great. So we're in that low 4s now, and it's just a reflection of where those two net out. I think we're going to be comfortably well below all of our competitors out there and, more importantly, below the 6% we've been using for a lot of our present value calculations. So you tell me where rates are going to go and then I'll fill in the rest.
Brad W. Buss: Yeah. Real quick follow-up. Just to clarify Lyndon's comments, the numbers he gave you are our bottom, our minimum. They don't represent our actual average. Our average is still comfortably in the 700s, 730, 740. Yeah. So, you're not going to see that mix change too quickly. And, yeah, the delinquency – even just aging is well below normal, it's sub-1% just age stuff, and as far as true write-ups, it's a couple of handfuls. And it's usually due to an unfortunate circumstance.
Brad W. Buss: Cash return to a SolarCity shareholder, I don't think you're going to see it for a long, long, long time. Our goal is every dollar we're making we're reinvesting it as fast as we can driving the growth until (55:35) solar penetration is (55:39) 50% or 60% of the world. I think the return to the shareholder is going to be far greater if we continue to grow and spread the solar love.
