Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. Thanks, Martin. Overall, our financial health continues to rapidly improve with Q3 being another great quarter on nearly all dimensions, as Elon has mentioned. On net income, we achieved our fifth sequential quarter of profitability, our best net income, and nearly double-digit operating margins. Two things that are important to note to set context for Q3 profitability. First, the regulatory credits business was stronger than our expectations, and we are tracking to more than double this year compared to last. Second, as a result in the rise of the market cap of the company, the second and third tranche of the CEO grant vested during the quarter. Additionally, we have begun expensing one more tranche, resulting in roughly $300 million of combined period expense. I think it's reasonable to view the quarter excluding both these items to get a true sense of the health of the core business. On automotive gross margin, including regulatory credits, it increased materially from 18.7% to 23.7%, with some of our programs achieving greater than 25% gross margin. Keep in mind that inefficiencies related to factory shutdowns affected our margins in Q2. We continue to reduce our manufacturing and operational costs. We are also seeing benefits from the ongoing upward trend of locally built and delivered cars, which has increased from under 50% at the beginning of last year to over 70% most recently, which is a core component of our cost reduction strategy. We are also seeing financial benefits from improved vehicle reliability across the fleet. Services and other margin approved yet again, driven by our used vehicle business and efficiencies in our service operations. In the Energy business, we achieved record storage deployments, aided by the positive reception of the Megapack and Powerwall products as production and deployments grow. Additionally, our filler deployments doubled, and we're continuing to make progress on that front. On cash flows, our cash balance increased to $14.5 billion, which includes free cash flows of $1.4 billion, our highest yet. Our operating cash flows were $2.4 billion, including a $600 million benefit from working capital as we've made progress on days of receivables and inventory despite a reduction in days available. Note that the majority of our operating cash flows are driven by the strengthening of our core operations. Capital expenses grew to $1 billion, driven by Model Y incidents in Shanghai, Berlin, and Austin. As were previous investments in Model 3 Shanghai and Model Y in Fremont, we're expecting these programs to have already fully paid for their respective investments by the end of this year. Looking forward to 2021 and 2022, we have revised up our expectations for capital spending by $2 billion to $2.5 billion, which we have ample liquidity and expected cash flows to fund. This is driven by an increase in-source scope for certain factories, including battery cell manufacturing as well as investments to enable greater capacity expansion in the future. While we expect the return on our investments to remain very strong, keep in mind that with additional scope and location-specific costs, payback of these investments may be slightly longer than what we saw in Model 3 in Shanghai and Model Y in Fremont. Financing cash flows were $4.5 billion as we reduced use of our working capital lines, offset by a $5 billion equity raise in September. Note that we're currently expecting over $1 billion in early convert paydowns in Q4, primarily associated with the 2021 conversions, but also our 2022 and 2024. Looking forward, we remain focused on strengthening the core fundamentals of the business. We are increasing production to meet demand, reducing costs, including localization, driving higher efficiency across the business, and tightening our cash conversion cycle. We've made tremendous progress on this front over the last year and a half. We're also aiming to achieve our original 2020 guidance of 500,000 deliveries despite the operational interruptions earlier in the year. While this goal remains a genuine challenge, we believe it's possible with tight execution across the company. So, congratulations again to the Tesla team for a great quarter and a great year. I'll hand it over to RJ Johnson, who joined Tesla earlier in the year and is leading our Energy business for a few comments.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Sure. On your question about FSD, there was a small amount of that deferred revenue release. It's not particularly material in the $10 million range for the quarter. With respect to product margins, what we're seeing across the board is just continued reduction in cost, really across every product. Shanghai continues to make good progress there. Model Y cost is also coming down quite quickly as we ramp that. But we've guided in the past that Model Y cost should be roughly equivalent to the Model 3 built in Fremont costs. It's not quite there, and it's also a bit of a moving target as Model 3 Fremont cost comes down, Model Y also has to come down with that. But we're generally seeing strength in Shanghai margin strength in Model Y margins. And not too far off of this, we're seeing strength in Model 3 Fremont and S and X margins. So overall, for the quarter, I think it was quite a good story for the products.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. But what I think, I would say generally to the question is, I mean, we've been in a position for sometime now where we are prioritizing where in the world we send our production. And there's different factors to that depending upon when different product changes are made, what the logistics routing look like, different things going on in different markets. But we are in a position where we need to prioritize. I mean, what we're trying to do as fast as we possibly can is get production up higher, so that we're not in a position of needing to prioritize again. There are -- yes, I think that gets at the sentiment of your question. 
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. I mean, we're already seeing this in Australia, where we're seeing behind-the-meter aggregation that is providing grid services back to the grid, which effectively reduces the price to the customer and reduces the prices for the grid operator. So you're seeing this trend happening across the globe. And it's going to be at the residential level as well as the wholesale level. So Megapack on one end and then PowerWall on the other side, those 2 working together in tandem and the software layer on top of it, Autobidder being that, that really is going to help make the grid more efficient using the hardware platform and software together. 
Drew Baglino: Sure. Yes, we will incorporate 4680 design solutions into many applications in time across both energy and vehicle. And we can use our pilot production facility in Fremont to support the new factory in Berlin as it ramps.
Drew Baglino: Yes. The fundamental limitation on charge rate in lithium-ion batteries is avoiding lithium plating on the anode. And while the tablet's architecture helps avoid overheating because it's a more power dense architecture at high continuous charge rates, it doesn't change the anode plating story. Electro design and anode material choice more directly determines the maximum charge rate and how to avoid that lithium plating problem.
Drew Baglino: Yes. Two things I'll add to that. Without a doubt, I mean, we're moving forward to push as much volume as we reasonably can. So Elon talked to earlier kind of how the S-curve and the time line incremental factories looks like. And so we're moving full speed ahead with as much volume as we can reasonably move forward with. The second comment I'd make is, if you just look at the journey of the company over the last 1.5 years, we have grown volumes and grown gross margins despite a number of price reductions over that period of time, and we have cut OpEx fairly stable during that period of time as well. And so the key is what Elon mentioned here. I mean, we have to improve the affordability of the vehicle. We have to also continue to make progress improving the cost structure of not only COGS, but of OpEx, which we've demonstrated over the last 1.5 years, I think, quite successfully and improve the value of the vehicles at the same time. So in addition to reducing the cost of the car, we're making the cars better. And that's the formula to sell the volume. That's what we're focused on. 
Drew Baglino: Yes, lithium is less volumetrically dense in the pure metal form than it is intercolated into silicon. So it's kind of hard to understand, but that's the truth. And then, as we showed in our presentation, the total anode cost that we're talking about is only $1 or $2 per kilowatt hour. So the value of, like, removing the anode material isn’t super high either. So, yes, I fully agree, Elon.
Elon Musk: I mean, here's the way to think about that product, in my opinion. You have to say, I think what do you want the world to look like? When you look around the neighborhood future, decade from now, what do you want? What products are going to make your life better? What future do you want? And I think a future where we've got beautiful roofs with generating energy that are tough and resilient and better in every way than a regular roof and a lab with energy. That's the future we want. The Solar Roof is a killer product. This will become obvious next year.
Elon Musk: Well, yes, I think about this today. Tesla there's probably in excess of a dozen startups effectively in Tesla. Every major product line is a startup. Every new -- big new plant is a startup. And sometimes, frankly, we have to learn a lesson a few times before since then. But even things like service and sales are startups. Other car companies, OEMs, they don't own their sales and service. So we have to create our service network. We have to create our sales and delivery network. We have to do this in, I don't know, 40 countries, multiple languages. So people don't really even know much about is our internal applications team that writes the core technology that runs the company. We are not dependent on enterprise software. Like for those who understand what this means, this is a very big deal. And my hat is well to the great work of the internal applications team. They are like the nervous system, the operating system of the company, the Tesla operating system, extremely fundamental. Obviously, insurance is substantial. So insurance could very well be 30%, 40% of the value of the car business, frankly. And as we've talked about before, with a much better feedback group, instead of being statistical, it can be specific. And obviously, somebody does not have to choose our insurance. But I think a lot of people will. It's going to cost less and be better. So why would you? And the whole autonomy thing is a startup. The computer chip was -- designing our computer chips was a start-up. Obviously sales are a start up. Designing and making our own power electronics for the grave unit, design, manufacturing our own motors, chargers, the Supercharger network is a startup. The thing, I think that people just don't really understand about Tesla is that it's a whole chain of startups. And they like, well, you didn't do that before. Yes. We're doing it now. I mean, I think so far, we have not -- we've maybe been a bit slow with some of the start-ups, but I don't think we've had any of them fail, so far, so good. No plans to spend anything out. That just sounds like added complexity.
Elon Musk: We think we're focused on enabling the robotaxi system. So, you can just basically -- like that's really quite a small subset of the overall robotaxi or robocar thing where you can have the car get autonomous for you. You've got the car you have to share with friends and family. You can add or remove it from the network. You can have it be entirely in the network. I mean, if you're an Uber or Lyft driver, you could be managing a fleet of 10 cars. This sort of seems like a shepherd tending the flock type of thing. It's like you just get more, way more leverage. So I think that's sort of -- we could do that. It wouldn't be very difficult, but we're going to just be focused on just having an autonomous network. That has sort of elements of Uber, Lyft and Airbnb. Yes. 
Elon Musk: Yes, absolutely. I think like the heat -- for heat pump in the car, being able to use the batteries, both as a thermal and an electric energy reservoir is very significant. Same thing could be applied to a home with the water heater, so -- and the back of pack itself, of course. So, I think there's potential for an integrated home system that Canada's power generation storage, heating cooling, air filtration, water purification in a really tight package. We don't actually have like a prototype or anything, but I think conceptually, that is something that would be probably good to have.
Elon Musk: Well, we want to make our cars more affordable, and it's real important to separate out affordability from value for money. If the car is too expensive or any given product is too expensive, then people don't have enough money in the bank account, they simply can't buy it no matter what the value proposition is. So it is important to lower the prices in order to such that people can literally just have enough money to buy it. I do not think we lack for a desire for our product, but we do lack for affordability. And so we have to improve the affordability of our products, so they are not out of reach of people. We want to bring them more in reach over time, but also improve our cost of production. Obviously, we get, hopefully, a little bit better every year. Sometimes a lot better. And in terms of margins, all of these margins are going to look pretty comically small when you factor in autonomy. 
Elon Musk: Yes. We're ramping up stationary storage a lot. So I mean, it's approximately doubling as we expect, it's approximately double next year. So that's pretty good. And hopefully, we can accelerate that in years to come. 
Elon Musk: Yes, yes, yes. I mean, if you just keep doubling things, pretty soon, you hit the mass of the universe, and we'll need to start turning Jupiter into cells. 
Elon Musk: Yes. So I think it's -- we're trying to derisk to 2021 so that there's almost no dependency on our internal cell production. It's very, very small. The internal cell production will help us ramp in '22, but we're not dependent on it for '21. 
Elon Musk: Yes. Our pilot line is pretty big as pilot lines go. It's -- it will be in the top 10 cell factories on Earth, I believe.
Elon Musk: Yes. I mean, I think the tricky thing with trying to predict things midway through exponential is that if things are doubling every year or even just growing 50%, then if you shift one -- plus/minus one year, it has a huge effect on the number. So -- and it sounds like, wow, you either massively exceeded or massively undershot, but it's actually what's going on is a giant S-curve. So a whole bunch of pretty big S-curves, that integrate into a gigantic S-curve. So that's why it's difficult to predict the middle. And I'm not saying for sure we'll hit 20 million vehicles. But it does seem like a good goal to have because that would mean that we're replacing 1% of the global fleet per year. And it's difficult to say that we're -- we're really changing the world. If we're not switching out 1% of the global fossil fuel vehicles. I mean, it's -- I'm not sure that we can make that argument unless we change at least 1% of the vehicles per year. So that's where the two -- the 20 million vehicle per year comes from. It's like 1% of 2 billion vehicles, which is the global fleet currently. The global fleet is growing, so probably will grow a bit bigger in the future. It's hard to say. It's like on map an S-curve to a $20 million -- 20 million vehicle target in 2030 and we just slide it around and see what that number looks like. That will give you about as much insight as we have.
Elon Musk: Yes. I mean, answering the first part, the cell production system is fairly agnostic on anode, cathode, electrolyte subary that kind of thing. It's -- we could change, and we will change and upgrade the -- all aspects of the cell. So -- and we could, for example, make ion phosphate or nickel manganese or something like that. It's quite adaptable. So I wouldn't say it's just too much more about. But the lithium, like a pure lithium anode is not as great as it may sound. Yes. Volumetrically, you're not gaining all that much, because if you got nothing on the -- say on the anode side and you got -- and just play out lithium, it's got to go somewhere, so you could have room for it.
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly. But if it were to announce that a pure lithium anode is the right move, that would simply -- that would be no problem. 
Elon Musk: Okay. Well, I mean, Tesla is absurdly vertically integrated compared to other auto companies or basically almost any company. We have a massive amount of internal manufacturing technology that we built ourselves. We literally make the machine. In fact, we designed. It's like, okay, what are the things we want to make, design a machine that will make that thing, then we make the machine. This is what -- this makes it quite difficult to copy Tesla, which we're not actually all that opposed to people copying us, but it's quite difficult, because you can't do catalog engineering. You can't just, I’ll pick up the supplier catalog, I’ll get one of those machine, one of that machine, then go out now on Tesla. You have to -- there is no catalog. Look at it. So we made the machine, that made the machine, that made the machine. It gets -- no, no, we don't want to get carried away here. And quite frankly, we would like to outsource less. That would be great. Because then if we get outsource -- if we take something that we're doing and outsource, then we could take those people and we're going to have them do something else. But, yes, it's like we're just making a crazy amount of machinery internally. This is -- Tesla is not well understood. If you just walk around the factory, you could just get a sense for it. And, yes, I don't know if this is like a smart move, but I just know like, hey, if we're trying to make progress and nobody's got the machines that we need, we've got to make it. So we do.
Elon Musk: Yes, I mean something like insurance is a good example of a product that's basically made by our internal applications team. So, we made the insurance product and connect it to the car, look at the data, calculate the risk. This is all internally -- there's basically internal software application. It's pretty low capital, but it has very high return. I don't know. We're trying to spend money at the fastest rate that we can possibly spend it and not waste it. That's our current plan and so it's quite hard to spend money without wasting it, or just -- we're like really just trying to not waste too much of it, frankly. We will certainly waste some of it, but trying to waste -- not to waste too much of it, this is very difficult. But otherwise, we just try to spend money as quickly as possible in a way that is sensible and yields more value than it can cost. 
Elon Musk: I mean totally free, probably not. I think probably -- I think even if it was free, we wouldn't put it on.
Elon Musk: Sure. I was in the studio actually on -- last Friday with Frans and the team just going over the -- just some improvements to the Cybertruck. Generally, with -- it sounds like we really aim to make the car that is delivered better than the car that is unveiled. Because it always drive me crazy, car companies would unveil these awesome looking cars, like, great, you can't wait until they make that. And then the actual make is like much worse, but it's just -- it's like what is the point? So man, we always want to make the car that we deliver be better than the car we unveil. And that's the goal with the Cybertruck. So, there's like a lot of small improvements compared to what was unveiled. I think it's going to be better than what we showed. And yes, it's cool. Like it's very made in Austin. So depending on completing that factory. And there are obviously new technologies with the high hardness kind of armored exoskeleton. This is -- never been done before, so there'll probably be some challenges along the way. And obviously, something that's extremely high hardness and difficult to scratch or dent is also difficult to form. So it's -- there's manufacturing challenges there. That's why it's so cleaner. Although it also looks good, I think, from a cleaner standpoint. Yes. If it goes well, we'll be able to do some Cybertruck deliveries towards the end of next -- towards the end of next year, yes. So it's difficult to predict. I would say there's probably a lot of deliveries in 2022, and some deliveries towards the end of next year, if things go well.
Elon Musk: Yes. Just a note on the sort of Semi. The Semi does consume a lot of cells. So it's, four to six times more than a passenger vehicle, 5-ish times. So if we are cell-constrained, it is -- it kind of -- it's difficult to ramp up the Semi because there's no cells. So we need to solve the cell constraint before ramping Semi to significant volume. That's the only real constraint on Semi's progress.  And just we found over and over again, we just kept running into cell production limitations. And then we're just taking things out of one pocket and putting them in another. So we just need more cells, so that we can do more stationary storage, more vehicles, more vehicle lines. We need more cells. 
Elon Musk: I think, it's very material for sure. I mean, really long-term, all transport will go autonomous. Yes. Horses are like autonomous. But all transport will go autonomous. Yes. So increase some way. So it will be pretty significant. 
Elon Musk: Well, I do think there will be other car companies. I don't think we're going to be the only one. So I mean, the things that -- like what other car companies do even in the auto segment is quite a small subset of what Tesla is. So Tesla, we design and build. We're very vertically integrated. So we're designing and building so much more of the car than other OEMs who will largely go to the traditional supply base and like I call it, catalog engineering. So it's not very adventurous and it basically ends up like older products end up looking the same because they're going to the same suppliers. So I mean, to the degree that you inherit legacy components, you inherit the legacy limitations and cost structure. And so you need to make new ingredients, new parts, and then you need -- then there's no machine to make those parts. So you have to make the machine that makes the part. So Tesla is like -- we're probably -- we might be, in order of magnitude, more vertically integrated than other car companies. And if we're not now, we certainly will be. And then we also we also have to create our sales and service and distribution system, and I don't know, something on the order of 40 countries, somewhere it will be over 100 countries, whereas, the other car companies do not own their sales and service and distribution. So they kind of assemble parts from a supply basin and then hand them to a dealer base. So it's just like -- it's not just -- it's like comparing sales to a car company like just comparing just really one facet or dimension of Tesla, we're like maybe 10% in common with other car companies. 
Elon Musk: I mean several years from now. Now it's not like existing cars still having value. It's just that, that if you have -- if you have -- if you have a structural pack, where the pack is contributing structural value to the car because of like the sort of like the composite honeycomb effect of shared transfer between upper and lower fleet, then anything that doesn't do that is going to have to duplicate hardware. It's going to weigh more. It's going to cost more. And then the same goes forward the front and rear castings. To be frank, we're trying to make the car like you'd make a toy. If you had a toy model car, I would -- and then it's got to be real cheap and look great, how do you make that? You'll cast it. And that's how it's done. It would be absurd to make it up of tiny little pieces of stamp metal joined in complex ways. So it's sort of a natural thing to do. And then the same goes for using the energy storage, the battery as a structure, which is done for aircraft wings and for rockets. The early rockets in aircraft, they had a separate error shelf from propellants or fuel tanks, and then they realized that doesn't make sense. And you've got to integrate. You've got to have your fuel tank in wing shape and you got to have your propelling tanks in the shape of the body of the rocket, for example. You don't want to put a box on a box, basically, which over many years made like basically uncompetitive to have an aircraft that has separate fuel tanks from the wing. The wings need to be fuel tank. But like, I wouldn't think of this as like it's like an overnight transition. It's several years. But like I said, over time, it just would be competitive to have a different architecture, in my opinion. 
