Elon Musk: The answer is, yes, we are creating a Tesla insurance product and we hope to launch that in about a month. It will be much more compelling than anything else out there.
Elon Musk: Yes. So, there are [indiscernible] in a Powerwall in the car so that translates to a – quite a decent number of Powerwalls. And then we will continue to use cells from variety of suppliers around the world. The Powerwall Powerpack, because I don’t have to go through vehicle [indiscernible] are much more adaptable to using variety of cells from other cell providers. So, we expect that Powerwall and Powerpack to see a very significant percentage growth this year maybe on the order of 300% or some quite high number. Sorry, sorry. Yes, 300, confirming it, 300%. So this is a very big percentage growth rate. It’s much faster than an automotive. So over time, we expect that sort of growth rate would hopefully be able to continue and then battery storage will become a bigger and bigger percentage of Tesla’s business over time. We also have – we are also finding a significant increase in retrofit solar this year, because we have finally refined the product offering to be something that’s extremely compelling and much more cost efficient to deliver and install. So, to radically streamline process from what has been done before and we will have more to say on that possibly next week. And then the Solar Roof tile, we are on Version 3 of the design. That necessarily takes a while to scale up because we have to be confident that the Solar Roof is going to last on the order of 30 years and because the warranty is sort of 20, 25 years and so the rate at which you can iterate on Solar Roof is necessarily slowed down by [indiscernible] which you can do accelerate aging on the roof and we want the installation process to be simple and easy, which is actually the Tesla Buffalo factory a few weeks ago and I was pretty impressed with the team and we are looking forward to scaling that up significantly through the balance of this year and next.
Elon Musk: I think from features and functionality standpoint, I think there is no point getting the FSD upgrade if you don’t really have it in the car for probably about 2 or 3 months. That’s when we will start releasing features that are materially different from the feature set available on the Version 2 hardware. So, just no need to rush to the – get your computer replaced. It’s like 2 to 3 months before it becomes relevant and then it will obviously increase rapidly from then. One other comment I will make in case nobody asked this exclusive especially. For Model Y production, we are right now trying to decide whether Model Y vehicle production should be in California or Nevada and we expect to make a final decision on that very soon. But in the meantime, we have ordered all of the tooling and equipment required for Model Y. So, we don’t expect this in anyway to delay production of Model Y, but it’s hardly a very close call between Nevada and California as to whether we do the Model Y at Giga or at Fremont, but those are the two options and we will hopefully be able to make the decision in the next few weeks.
Elon Musk: Yes. We do see strong demand for vehicles, both S, X and 3. The standard range plus Model 3 with autopilot included at $39,500 is just an incredibly compelling vehicle and affordable to probably something on the order like the top 40% income earners in the U.S. and Europe. So, it’s – I think we will see a lot of interest and demand in that. We are. And then with the upgraded S and X, I think a lot of people were kind of anticipating that there would be an S, X upgrade and this really is kind of a game-changer of an upgrade. So, I think we are seeing an uptick in demand and we expect to see that to be quite significant. And we are also out of the seasonality of Q1 with few people just generally don’t like buying cars in winter and we are getting past the overhang of that tax credit cliff, which for us ended in the U.S. on December 31. So, these were all very positive factors. We also have just a lot of markets where there is program or tapped into demand, especially for Model 3. So we will be really saying the right-hand drive Model 3 and expect to see significant demand in right-hand drive countries. Overall, I feel really good about the way things are headed.
Elon Musk: Well, first of all, obviously on account of tents, like I mean, we like hardcore tents, so I am not like Cub Scout tents, which are fine, but this is actually – credit goes to Tesla team, because they actually look at how could we do this in Fremont if we had to and we feel like we can actually append building space to the – to the west side of the building and use a lot of internal space that’s currently used for warehousing in the Fremont factory. And so we believe it actually can be done with minimal disruption to add Model Y to Fremont.
Elon Musk: I think we expect demand to – we are seeing demand returning to normal in Q2. And it might be a little better than normal. I don’t have a crystal ball, it’s hard for me to say, but my impression right now is that demand is quite solid, quite strong, yes.
Elon Musk: I think we are just going to continue to report the absolute numbers. I think a point of detail just give those of you our bytes of Tesla that maybe sort of like data mine the situation and then try to turn it positive into negative. So we are just going to keep reporting report. We do give some more detailed information to insurance companies to help with rates. And obviously as we launch our own insurance product next month, we will certainly incorporate that information into the insurance rates. So, we essentially have a substantial price and sort of arbitrage or information arbitrage opportunity where we have direct knowledge of the risk profile of customers and based on the car and then if they want to buy Tesla insurance, they would have to agree to not drive the car in a crazy way. Or they can, but then their insurance rates are higher. So we are just going to keep reporting the numbers at a broad stroke level, which I think is really what matters.
Elon Musk: Well, mate, I don’t want to surprise you, but I would prefer we were private, but unfortunately, I think that ship has sailed, so...
Elon Musk: Well, I think this feels like the sort of price of the stock is being set in kind of a manic-depressive way. And I think Warren Buffett’s analogy is just like perhaps being a publicly traded company is like having someone stand at the edge of your home and then just randomly yell different prices for your house every day. It’s still the same house.
Elon Musk: In Q2, we don’t we think we have two supplier interruptions, at least the significant ones that we’re aware of.
Elon Musk: Yes. I don’t think raising capital should be substitute for making the company operate more effectively. So that in that sense, I think it’s just, it’s important to have strong financial discipline of the company and just to make sure we don’t have extraneous expenses and we’re just being frugal with capital. If we keep raising capital every time, then it just takes we now have the forcing function improving the functional operation of the business. So, I think it is healthy to be on a Spartan diet for a while. At this point, I do think there are it is similar to raising capital. That’s a but this is sort of probably about the right timing, but yes.
Elon Musk: Yes. First of all, I’ll just say that I don’t think capital has been constrained on our growth thus far and the type of those fund in fact, if there was a final constraint on growth would’ve faced capital before now. But I think it is very important as company scales to make sure we are on a solid foundation and that we’re we have the appropriate financial discipline throughout the company and are spending money very efficiently. At this point, I think we are doing that. There’s more work to do, and Tesla today is far more efficient operating organization than it was a year ago. We’ve made dramatic improvements across the board. And so, I think there’s merit to the idea of raising capital at this point.
Elon Musk: And technically, we did raise some big capital in China for the Shanghai Giga on the order of $500 million. So that we want to make sure that we don’t have to grow on level capital stuff under the Shanghai factory.
Elon Musk: No, they would actually receive their cars sooner. It just means that instead of building cars in batches, where, say, the first half of the quarter is just dedicated to China, Europe cars, and the second half is dedicated to North American cars that we blend vehicle production for customers throughout the world, throughout the quarter. And that this [indiscernible] we don’t want a situation again like quite like we had in Q1 where essentially all the cars were arriving at customers worldwide at the same time. We literally delivered half of the entire quarter’s deliveries were in the final 10 days of Q1. That’s insane. So, I think we need to unwind that. I suppose it’s not a great customer experience because we’re shorthanded and then we have to redeploy like fuel from that are working in sales, HR, legal, engineering, everyone just to deliver cars. And then we then they can do their regular jobs. So, it just makes sense to just plan the production according to demand throughout the quarter.
Elon Musk: Sure. I think Tesla just sort of I didn’t handle messaging of that well. I mean, that’s amplified by statement taking to an extreme where there was a misunderstanding. We certainly will continue to have stores, and we will continue to add stores provided they are in locations where there is high foot traffic and that are in our target market. So, we actually will continue to add stores in locations are no-brainers. We will close stores in locations where they are incredibly hard to find and the foot traffic of potential buyers is very low such that it does not support the cost of the store and the people in it. So, I think it’s just common sense. And then all sales online just, means that even if you go into a store, you we would guide you to order the car on your phone. So, source essentially like there like information centers, place you can get a test drive and buy some Tesla merchandise, that kind of thing. But all sales online, doesn’t mean all stores are closed. Just means when you buy a car, you always do it on your phone in the store or at home or anywhere. Orders online doesn’t, meant all stores are closing. That’s not what it’s meant.
Elon Musk: I think it’s a confidential deal with FCA so we and we agreed with FCA not to comment on it publicly so we must abide by that.
Elon Musk: I think that would actually be counterproductive because people read too much into what occurred in a month. I mean, even at a quarterly basis, things can be lumpy. And so the more granularity that’s provided on a monthly level, the few would reach all sorts of conclusions that doesn’t makes sense. It’s like literally sales to a particular country, say, overseas are affected by when the ship arrives. And so, if the ship arrives on the 31st of the month or the first of the next month, this will make it look like something dramatic has happened. But actually, the ship was just a day late. So, people read that would increase the drama, not decrease it.
Elon Musk: Filling the ship 100% so it’s like it just ends up being lumpy. So, like if you managed if you’ve calculated like GDP of a country to offset the U.S., GDP on Sunday is extremely low, but GDP on a Monday is extremely high. It does not mean nothing has really changed.
Elon Musk: I think we don’t want to comment on the granularity of deposits. Again, people read too much into this. We’re not playing of the Model Y because we’re just not in production so you can’t really read anything into Model Y orders at this point.
Elon Musk: I mean, you’re really asking some pretty super secret sauce questions here. I think yes, we’ll have I think we’ll probably have an Investor Day like an Autonomy Day maybe later this year or early next just to go over the cell and battery technology and future strategy. And think that will be very informative but we do recognize the criticality of this.
Elon Musk: Yes, I should mention that the upgraded powertrain for S and X was actually launched in a significant cost down because we essentially took the high volume, we’re driving units of the Model 3 which is extremely efficient magnet motor and product electronics and we made a version for that for the contract unit of S and X. And so, we’re actually able to get cost reduction while improving range and [indiscernible] of the car. That’s just 1 example.
Elon Musk: I mean, our goal, as we’ve been very clear about from the beginning of the company, is to make our cars as affordable as possible. And we thought it was important to offer the $35,000 Model 3 and then to create a sort of bundled package for the Model 3 with the increased range because we think actually that difference between 220 and 240 is quite important more people realizing in range and posher interior and Autopilot. So, we thought a product that’s really just knows the sweet spot, which I think the $39,500 Model 3 is just really nail the sweet spot and raising consumer response accordingly. You can tell by the $35,000 version of the Model 3 that, of course, didn’t have Autopilot and has a software introspection, that kind of thing. It’s like slightly more inconvenience to buy just have to make a phone call or visit a store. So, it’s just not like you have to complete the obstacle course or something. But we see very few people actually take us up on that $35,000 offer, but it’s there and will remain there.
Elon Musk: Yes, the Shanghai Gigafactory progress is going incredibly well. Tesla the execution of our team underground there. I get daily e-mails with Tesla picture from one day to next from Tom who leads the Gigafactory program. And so, we’re obviously discussing or getting updates 7 days a week. So, I mean, I’m in that Gigafactory e-mail. So, in terms of execution, of course, the production grows as fast as the [indiscernible] item. That’s very important to bear in mind. So, we have 99% of things in good shape can make the car. So, with respect to that said, it looks like we’ll reach volume production at the end of this year with, let’s say, more than 1,000 cars a week, maybe 2,000 from Shanghai Giga at the end of this year. That’s what it looks like to be the case right now. If it’s not at the end, it will be shortly thereafter. And then we expect to have multiple sales flyers for Shanghai Giga.
Jerome Guillen: This is Jerome. Next year we will start production. We are very happy with driving the trucks extensively with I think so far quite amazing success, yes.
Jerome Guillen: Yes, very well. We just used them all the time. We load them to maximum weight and continue to make improvements.
Jerome Guillen: Yes, that was fun. So, yes, we will start production next year. The location was not yet set, but it’s pretty clear that we make all the batteries and driving it in Reno.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. Well, just one thing I wanted to add to that, just on the production side of S and X. We did reduce production in Q1 as was noted. That was part of the retooling that we put in place to get the longer range vehicle out with the improved suspension and we are in the process of increasing production backup over the course of Q2. So just for the pervasive expectations, we will exit Q2 at a higher production rate than we did in Q1 on S and X and then return back to a more normal volume in Q3. It’s already increasing.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. No, I think you summarized it well, Elon. Two other things that I would add. One is we did make pricing adjustments to our products in Q1, which puts pressure on margin. And so that’s part of what we will see in Q2. The teams are working extremely hard and making terrific progress on improving the cost efficiency of the business without sacrificing growth and that in combination with the efficiencies from unwinding the wave, is where we feel we will be comfortable returning to a place of profitability in Q3 once all of those pieces are in place.
Zachary Kirkhorn: And also, not only 3.5% of our trade-ins for Model 3 are coming from Model S. So, it’s from all the Model 3 trade-ins, Model S accounts for a super, super tiny portion.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes, this is Zach. I mean, what we saw on February 28 when we launched the standard range, the standard range class variances, is that there’s pent-up demand for those products that released very quickly after it was announced. And then as more time has passed and order rates have stabilized, it’s starting the average ASP has actually been increasing each week ever since as the order rates stabilizes. And just under $50,000 ASP represents the most recent one, and we think it’s starting to stabilize there. And we’ll see where things trend in EMEA and China as well, but what we’re seeing in North America is that over 50% of our orders of the long-range variance in ASPs [indiscernible].
Zachary Kirkhorn: Just to add to that, the journey we’ve been on for the last 12 to 18 months on being more efficient and how we spend money has really changed the full trends of the company. It enabled us to accelerate a number of cost reductions on the COGS side of our products and then make improvements in operating expenses as well. And then as we look forward to capital investments for Giga Shanghai and Model Y and ultimately our European facility, our CapEx capacity has come down significantly through the work of the team here. So, I think it has been a very productive journey for us.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes, this is Zach here, that’s [indiscernible] so we’re targeting for the end of the year, although internally, we are working towards S and X non-GAAP gross margin achieving that sooner. The biggest lever there is actually two components. One is, as we increase volume back on our S and X production line, there’s just a natural benefit there from the fixed cost absorption which will help us. But we also have a number of cost reduction projects in place that we’re executing on over the course of the year. And then the third piece which applies to S and X, but also Model 3, we’re seeing an increased take rate on our full Self-Driving offering. And there are, revenue associated with that given that the full suite of functionality is not there. And as that option becomes, approaches we roll out more, we will be able to apply more revenue on that. So all of these things together within our internal gives us [indiscernible].
