Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes sure. Thanks Elon. A few things I want to highlight before moving into the Q&A. Overall, Q2 was a strong quarter for Tesla. I'm extremely proud of the team for the progress we've made. We've achieved record vehicle production and delivery, record storage production and deployment, record services and other revenue with a corresponding reduced loss. As we've mentioned a few times, we stabilized international logistics and delivery operations at higher volumes, and we saw gross margin improvement in nearly every aspect of the business adjusting for the impact of regulatory credit revenue. As a result of these accomplishments, we once again achieved strong free cash flows which is only partially attributed to working capital benefits. We also successfully raised roughly $2.4 billion in net proceeds in May. Thus, we exited the quarter with $5 billion in cash and cash equivalents, the highest in our history. Our net loss reduced significantly relative to Q1 aided by higher volumes and progress on cost efficiencies. A few things to note. There's $117 million within operating expenses for restructuring. We had a sequential reduction of $104 million related to regulatory credit, which is inherently lumpy. And in our other income line, we saw a $66 million reduction. This is nearly entirely due to foreign exchange, which we don't hedge. GAAP automotive gross margin only reduced slightly, despite the reduction in credit revenue and expected reductions in our vehicle average selling prices. Adjusting for the impact of credits, automotive gross margin improved materially. For Model S and Model X, ASPs were impacted by pricing actions applied to inventory of vehicles built prior to the launch of our powertrain and suspension upgrades in April, the majority of which were sold and delivered in Q2. For Model 3, global ASPs stabilized during the quarter at roughly $50,000, a sequential reduction, yet gross profit per Model 3 improved representing the continued success of our cost management efforts. Note that we continue to defer a significant portion of revenue associated with full self-driving, which will be recognized in future periods upon the release of additional features. Operating expenses, net of restructuring continues to improve as well despite the increases in volume, reflecting the immense focus on improving our operating efficiency. And while operating expenses and capital expenses may appear to be unnaturally low this quarter, that's not the case. Rather these reflect continued progress on cost efficiency and ability to scale our core technologies and processes. If we take a step back here, I think it's important to remember that Tesla is on a long-term journey and it's difficult to see the full picture looking quarter-to-quarter. We committed that Model 3 would be a transformative product both for the industry and our business. Three years ago, we unveiled the Model 3. Two years ago, we brought the product to market. One year ago, we demonstrated our ability to build the Model 3 at high rate. So far this year, we've demonstrated our ability to manage global deliveries and logistics at a higher rate, but the most important thing is that we've demonstrated our ability to generate significant organic demand as nearly all orders generated in Q2 were non-reservation holders. And thus far in Q3, our order pacing is ahead of where we were at this point in Q2. And as we noted in our Q2 production and delivery release, our order backlog increased over the course of Q2. Ultimately, the Model 3 is accomplishing what our business needs it to do. It expanded our sales and customer base, enabling us to generate cash we need to reinvest. In the process, we've appropriately managed our operating expenses and have reduced the cost of running the business. This is critically important because I feel as though we've broken through a baseline fixed cost barrier, enabled by the success of the Model 3 business. With continued focus on execution and cost management, the next 12 to 18 months should be the most exciting yet. During this time, we believe that Gigafactory, Shanghai will be producing at scale. Model Y will be in production, addressing the most popular vehicle segment. Our European Gigafactory will be well underway. Our autonomous driving feature suite will continue to develop; energy products business will grow and maybe a few other things along the way. And while there's inherent risk in any large and ambitious set of projects, our intent is to grow and invest as fast as we can afford to. With the cash we have on hand and the stabilization of Model 3 across the key areas as I've noted, we believe we're in great shape for this next phase of growth.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. I'll just add to that. I agree completely. What I'll add is that, generally speaking, within the Model 3 lineup, the pricing adjustments for our higher trim [ph] cars were slightly more than that for the Standard Plus. So, the – so we'll see how the data plays out on this as we take in more orders, but the expectation is that our mix will move towards higher trim to some extent offsetting some of the ASP adjustments from the pricing changes. And one other thing I'll add is that, we are focusing on a couple of markets as well to target and identify some of our sales, and so some of our pricing adjustments reflect those elements of that strategy.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Generally, on ASP, as we noted in the letter, it was roughly -- even over the course of the quarter, stabilized around $50,000, and we have good visibility into where ASPs are going based on order data. So that gives us one to two months of lead as to where our actual recognized ASPs will be. And so, I would expect some adjustment to our Model 3 ASPs as a result of this pricing change, but the trim mix will offset some of that. And we continue to make great progress on cost efficiencies. And so, overall in that our expectation is that the Model 3 gross margin will continue to grow.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah, just to add on the tax credit step down, so the step down from Q2 to Q3 was significantly lower than the step down from Q4 to Q1. It's also important to keep in mind that there's seasonality in the auto business in Q1, which also is part of the impact. But generally speaking, our order rates so far this quarter is higher than where we were at this point in Q2, and we haven't seen a significant impact on U.S. based orders as a result of the step down.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. We continue to take significant costs out of the Model 3 in particular as well and Jerome can comment further on this. But every week -- nearly every week we had record lows on our labor content to build the vehicle. And we saw an ASP adjustment, net reduction in Model 3 from Q1 to Q2, yet the gross profit on the vehicle expanded, attributed to the cost reduction efforts that are underway.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes, on your question about the cadence of regulatory credits, it's -- it is -- generally as I've commented in the past, we expect regulatory credits to become a more meaningful part of our business. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, it's very difficult to forecast to them. As you saw from Q1 to Q2, that declined. And as you model regulatory credits in Q3, I would not expect a significant increase in regulatory credits, although it's hard to forecast exactly. The regulatory credits composition is a mixture of these particular deals that are one-time. There's also some that are production-based over time. Production-based ones are easier to forecast because it's based on cars that we build and we get an outset to that way. The deal-specific ones are lumpier which makes it more difficult. And then your final question was on does it make sense to sacrifice pricing to drive regulatory credit in certain markets. It might. I'm not sure if we've specifically gone into the details of that, but generally, we're selling cars in markets at the prices we think are appropriate and the regulatory credits into something traditional. We generally try not to run the business based on regulatory credit revenue.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yeah. And we're going city-by-city on the service center point. We're looking at where our populations are of existing customers. We're mapping driving times from those customers to the service centers inclusive of traffic to improve densification of our service centers in locations in which our customers currently reside. We do have areas that are underrepresented for service centers, where the drive time is too long, where there are population that don't have appropriate access to charging or service centers and we are working as fast as we can to get places up and running in those areas. So it's very systematically being mapped out with a focus on service and supercharging as opposed to our retail presence.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. And specifically on the working capital piece of this, we actually have a significant amount of service parts inventory. The challenge is, it's just not at the service centers.
Zachary Kirkhorn: And so a lot of the lag that is experienced is, we have to get the part from the distribution center to the service center. And so by moving -- by localizing the parts, I don't expect that to be a large working capital drain on the company. It might actually be the reverse, where we don't need to store as many parts eventually.
Zachary Kirkhorn: And as the scale of the business increases, the economics of localization, of things like parts distribution make a lot more sense. Whereas in the past when the company was smaller having centralized centers was easier from a cost perspective. So the business -- because the company is growing so fast, as Elon has mentioned, we have to continue to redesign processes and systems to re-stabilize ourselves on a new plateau of volume.
Elon Musk: Yes. Okay. So, an important update is that JB Straubel, our Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer will be transitioning to a Senior Advisor from the CTO role; and Drew Baglino will be taking over most of JB's responsibilities. I'd like to thank JB for his fundamental role in creating and building Tesla. Thank you, JB.
Elon Musk: Sounds good. Well, JB, thanks again for your integral role in creating this company and Drew as well. So that's cool you guys were talking about it in 2003, it sounds like the right year.
Elon Musk: Yeah. Looks like finally ready, it’s ready to be put in a car, AC propulsion, [indiscernible], you’re going to give those a little credit. Yeah.
Elon Musk: Yes. Essentially, like, we expect average selling prices to be the same within a few percentage points. 
Elon Musk: Yes. On the gross margin point, like the full self-driving is just – is an extremely important part of the margin calculation, and the features for full self-driving are – only a portion of them have rolled out. So, the revenue recognition on the full self-driving option is limited at first until those features roll out and also the demand for full self-driving package is limited because the features are mostly prospective instead of current. But as those features roll out, I would expect the take rate for full self-driving to increase significantly as well as the recognition -- revenue recognition for full self-driving to obviously match the roll out of the product. So, the gross margin over time will be really quite compelling when factoring in the full self-driving option which is yes, accounted to $7,000 in mid-August, and that number will increase over time.
Elon Musk: Yes, I think for Battery Day, we're going to do a comprehensive review of cell chemistry, module and pack, architecture, and a manufacturing plan that has a clear roadmap to a terawatt-hour per year. The time for this probably is about six months like maybe February or March next year, show and tell [ph].
Elon Musk: Sure. I meet with the service team multiple times a week and get daily updates on the reliability of the vehicle. We -- the best service of course is no service. That's like the vehicle just reliability and quality being so good that service is rarely required. That's what the main goal is like, eliminate the need for services. Then in terms of increasing service resources, initially we're opening service centers as fast as we can and have already opened to 25 new service locations this quarter and that will increase -- the rate of service center opening will increase dramatically through the course of this year as well as more Mobile Service. Mobile Service is really great, because it's like we just come to you and fix the car wherever you are, and that's hard to beat that for convenience. For cost delivery, we've made vast improvements to logistics for getting parts to service centers. Hey, Jerome do you want -- Jerome -- how we manage the service -- global service and--
Elon Musk: Yes. We had the regional service heads of U.S. at the factory last week, and it was incredibly helpful, just a closed loop on with service and production and with the software team. And for example, like a lot of services visits are just questions about how to use the car and... 
Elon Musk: Like, it's good. It's like how do I turn it on? Okay. So just providing better feedback on user interface and usually how do you turn it on. And yes, a whole bunch of things that are quite elementary to reduce service load. 
Elon Musk: Yes, we don't talk too much about like detailed price plans, but are you asking like what do I think the long-term demand for Model 3 is in Greater China region? I think it's about, from Shanghai Gigafactory, I think it's actually -- long-term demand is about 5,000 a week.
Elon Musk: No. Our plan is to source cars to Greater Europe area from Fremont, California until we have European Gigafactory operational. And that's -- but that's probably a couple of years before, it's probably 2021 before we have an operational Gigafactory in Europe. And so, until that time, we will source from California. Yeah, it's like, this is a speculation and it's my opinion, but so what I think say long-term demand is for Model 3, it's probably 15,000 units a week globally something like that.
Elon Musk: Yeah, I think we'll -- demand in Q3 will exceed Q2. It has thus far, and I think we'll see some acceleration of that. So -- and then, I think Q4 will be, I think very strong. So, we expect that quarter-over-quarter improvements. I think Q1 next year will be tough. I think Q3 or Q4 will be good, Q1 will be tough. Q2 will be not as bad, but still tough. And then I see like Q3 and Q4 next year will be incredible.
Elon Musk: Actually, we're just talking about this earlier today. We're not quite sure ourselves. I think there's some cannibalization, maybe false expectation in the market that there's like some big overhaul coming for S and X, which would then cause people to hesitate to buy, if they think there's some like radical redesign coming, which is why I've stated publicly that this is not the case. The Model S and X today are radically better than the ones that – when we first started production, especially S. Like say like 2013 or 2012 Model S compared to today's Model S night and day. In fact, I still run into people I know, who have like 2013 Model S, and they think it hasn't changed. And like it is dramatically better in every way. But we don't do model years. We just roll in improvements as they come. So – but I think there is maybe a communications issue, where people don't realize just how much better the S and X are today than when we first started. And I think we actually want to address that communications issue and just get a better understanding of– from the front lines like what demand should be higher for S and X than it is and will get to the bottom of it and fix it.
Elon Musk: Well, if you factor in the full self-driving option. I think it is in play for the year. We seem to get the features done, make sure they are great, roll them out, and recognize revenue and increase the take rate on full self-driving. There's also – for the existing fleet, there's a very significant opportunity to upgrade the existing fleet to full self-driving. Since mostly he has not purchased this option yet. So there's a significant margin potential for the existing fleet to upgrade to full self-driving, which most of the fleet can. So, yes, absolutely, I think, like long term we are talking 25%, 30%. Not long term meaning like a year. Long term, like, in terms of vernacular that 30% gross margin is I think quite likely.
Elon Musk: Agreed, yes. So, like, for a core financial health standpoint, I think, I'd just like to echo Jerome's words, like, I think Tesla's fiscal discipline is dramatically better than times in the past.
Elon Musk: Well, we are reconfiguring the floor space at Fremont and there's quite a lot of factory space that's probably taken up with the S, X parts warehousing, parts for the S, X line. And we don't really need that, so that's where we're putting a lot of the Model Y activity. Jerome, do you want to…
Elon Musk: Yes. Yes, just like efficiently factory, both Fremont and Giga is like just the rate of improvement which is not slowing down has been incredible. It's like you're just like you can feel it and see it.
Elon Musk: I mean I feel confident it's -- let's just say that the trend is very clearly towards being able to get to 10,000 vehicles a week of which that would be -- there is rough numbers like 8,300 to 8,600 Model 3s and the balance in S and X. So, there's sort of 1,600 to 1,800 SX. In round numbers 8,500 3s, 1,500 SX per week, but probably a bit more than that.
Elon Musk: The regulatory credits is like I mean it's a relatively small part of the equation for Tesla. So, -- I think the ZEV credit situation, I think, really needs reformed because the market for ZEV credits is negligible. Now some of what's happening here is, other manufacturers are kind of like waiting to see how their EV sales due before buying any credits from Tesla. And so it kind of depends on how that goes, if they sell more EVs then there's not really any to do deal with Tesla and if they sell fewer [than theirs].
Elon Musk: I think you probably need to study or reset like Master Plan for our Powerplant 3, but it's really like yes to some degree, but Battery Day will be kind of national --, which is like okay, how do we get from kind of – any-tens of gigawatt hours per year to multiple terawatt hours per year. What's -- that's a pretty dry scale increase in -- so yes. Sort of roughly 100, like a 28 gigawatt hours right now well actually there is one where you count the factories in Japan so, a little over 30% to 35% or something like that. And how do we get like 2 terawatt hours a year? What would you like? So to order bank to increase.
Elon Musk: Exactly. In order to make fundamental shift in the world's energy usage and really transform things to sustainable energy future, if you're not in the terawatt hour range it's like, it's a nice new story but it is not fundamentally changing the energy equation. 
Elon Musk: Yes. I think it's probably too much focused on S and X . The S and X -- they are nice, but they're not -- and it's like without them we couldn't spell sexy. So the main reason, well not the main reason, but a reason is we want to keep spelling sexy. So, that is a reason, I should say not the main reason, but a reason to keep going with the S and X. But the story for Tesla in future is fundamentally Model 3 and Model Y and I think like my guess is like long-term sales of – long term meaning, a couple of years I think. The demand for -- sales demand for 3 is like on the order of three quarters of a million units a year, and it's probably 1.25 million per year for Model Year, so they combined is like maybe two million from those two vehicles, and then S/X is like there may be 80,000 to 100,000 a year. So it's like 4% or 5% of the volume in 3 and Y. And then you could throw like a truck in there, pickup truck and a semi, but it just gets smaller and smaller. So they are great products, but they’re -- from a volume standpoint, they're not all that important in the long-term.
Elon Musk: Actually we've opened 25 service locations. I think really what we find is that the word-of-mouth for Tesla is incredibly good. So once there's a new piece of customers in a particular area, they love the cars and they talk to all their friends about it and that's really what drives sale. So if you think of like retail locations like a viral seed in an area. It would grow organically by itself, but the retail location actually is like a viral seed. It's not, they aren't needed, they are just -- they are like an accelerant. What is needed for sales in any given area and I'd say this worldwide, frequently told  like this country is different or that country is different. Like people around the world pretty much want the same thing in my experience. They have to have a service location that's convenient, so it can't be like you've got to drive eight to five hours to a service location. So, you got to have service, you to have supercharging and charging all sorted out, you could have good consumer financing and then the price must make sense. And any place where those four things are true, our sales are great. So, we're rolling out service centers like crazy. Service centers are the key to sales, not the retail locations.
Elon Musk: Yeah. Supercharging is incredibly important to us. You can't just have like 80% of the routes somebody who wants to take, you need 100% routes, a car is like it's really a freedom to travel, anything that inhibits freedom of travel, it –impairs the fundamental value of the product.
Elon Musk: Yeah, we expect to be able to offer full self-driving actually everywhere except EU, because there's just some committee rules that were put in place years ago that needs to be changed. It's not from a technical standpoint, it's very doable but we just need to work through the regulatory committees to get the regulatory approvals and rules changed. It's just – it all just take a bit longer than other places. But I think, we'll see a lot of pressure from our customers in Europe to have these rules changed, so they can have access to full self-driving. And I think at the end of the day, the regulators will answer to the public. So I think that's just a temporary thing and it's as quite specific to the – to EU rules. And we're just not present really when those rules were drafted. So that's why – got to put in place. But they're making a ton of sense, but we just got to work through the process to change them.
Elon Musk: It's actually just taking the parts that were stored in a bunch of warehouses, and just moving them to the service centers. And kind of the just – the thing that make sense is to I think to have the service centers where the parts are kind of all on the wall, it's like a supermarket. Like, you know, you always know, where like the Cocoa Puffs are and you can just go eat there and go and grab it and you just replenish the shelves with parts. And so what we're basically putting all parts that are used more frequently than like six weeks on -- the tray on the walls on service centers. There's no ordering of the parts, you just go take it off the shelf and put it on the car. Really want to get to, not merely same-day service, but same hour, sort of, like, definitely, which applied generally to service. 
Elon Musk: Yes. And, obviously, just having parts, if they’re made at -- if we make them internally or if they're made at a supplier, just sending them directly to the service center, instead of like having them go through a bunch of distribution outlets. It's -- in fact like when I was in China, from my the last trip, I was like, actually the China team here, is there anything silly that we're doing that we should fix. And they said, yes. Well, several of the parts that require replacement are literally made in China and then we end up shipping them to New Jersey and then back to China. And could we please just ship them like literally across the road. And like, yes, no problem. There's always like crazy things that happen as -- if you're like -- if you have a 45,000 person company and then just basically stop doing silly things. It's -- yes, a lot of what is needed for improvement.
Elon Musk: Yes. I mean, Tesla is the only company made some things that volume that is fully product integrated all the way through sales and service and charge of everything. So we really just need to look at the total system efficiency and say in the limit, if Tesla was the auto industry, how would we do it to maximize economic efficiency. And that's -- we're got to kind of like recalculate that optimization, as we achieve greater scale. I'm confident we can achieve a fundamentally better economic efficiency than the rest of the auto industry.
Drew Baglino: Obviously, big shoes to fill JB, but we have been working closely. In fact, we've already been talking about this project back in 2003 all along and – 
Drew Baglino: I was like, let's do this project. But I – I feel exactly as you feel that we are well set up that we know how to get help where we need to from you, and that we're very excited about the growth ahead of us, about myself and the whole team.
Drew Baglino: We have seen improvements in the 23-gigawatt hour number. We're in the high 20s now with the trajectory continuing upward. We're not... 
Drew Baglino: Yes, that's what our plan looks like right now. In terms of internal versus external, I think we should wait until we have our discussion early next year. But yes, we have agreements in place with -- we're good for next year as you say Elon.
Jerome Guillen: Yes, as you pointed out, the best service is no service. So, we're trying to continue improving the quality of the cars and track this daily and fewer and fewer service visits are required from the most recent cars that we're building. So, we're on a good trend there. We also need a lot fewer work to finish the cars in the factory. Besides that, we still we are making more parts to all the service centers and we ship everything same day pretty much so that people don't have to wait for cars -- for parts, and we accelerate service and increase capacity. There's a lot of improvements that we've already implemented and many more on the way. So, I am relatively optimistic and I'm happy to help with the service team.
Jerome Guillen: And it's the number one visit is, how to use Autopilot test. So, yes, a bit of education there helps.
Jerome Guillen: Yes, we're optimizing the real estate trying to conciliate everything under one roof, reduce the cost, there’s nothing special there.
Jerome Guillen: Yes. Reduced in half, yes, since the Q3 last year, but it's also all the -- for the fact that's associated with spares, the scrap is reduced to pretty much nothing, reduced 90% year-over-year. Spares are just more than half. So we're -- our goal is to make the car more affordable and sort of pushing everyday, yes. And every week we'll beat records on most lines.
Jerome Guillen: And in terms of output and cost per unit, yes. We're in very good dynamic and level of fiscal discipline that I have not -- we have not had in the past.
Jerome Guillen: Yes. We are improving the material delivery for S and X just like we have done for Model 3 of some ready components. We reduced production part warehousing costs by again 90%, 9-0, since Q3 last year and so we're making a lot of room. We have - we're much more efficient with parts delivery. It helps that increasing production actually. So that’s space that we cleared out, I'm looking at it right now in Fremont, which is going to put Model Y stuff in there. So every -- if you visit the factory from, I would say, every six months you'd have a hard time recognizing and finding their way. Yeah. It's constantly changing and evolving.
