Andrew Baglino: Yes, yes. Sure. So throughout 2021, we focused on growing cell supply alongside our in-house 4680 effort to provide us flexibility and insurance as we attempt to grow as fast as possible. As we sit today, sales from suppliers is actually -- it sort of exceeds our other factory-limiting constraints that you mentioned, Elon, in 2022 or to say differently, 4680 cells are not a constraint to our 2022 volume plans, based on the information we have. But we are making meaningful progress of the ramp curve in Kato. We're building 4680 structural packs every day, which are being assembled into vehicles in Texas. I was driving one yesterday and the day before. And we believe our first 4680 vehicles will be delivered this quarter. Our focus on the cell, the pack and the vehicles here is driving yield quality and cost to ensure we're ready for larger volumes this year as we ramp and next year. And the 4680 and pack tool installations here at Giga Austin are progressing well with some areas producing first parts. And the internet has also noticed that. Yes, I was touring the factory -- the cell factory here. I’m super pumped. It’s like a really exciting accomplishment for us to bring everything into one Austin factory here in Texas.
Andrew Baglino: Yes. I think from a mission perspective, it's very aligned. If you imagine replacing natural gas, water and space heaters with electric heat pumps, it offsets something equivalent to like 80% of what a solar plus Powerwall system would offset, so it's very impactful. And we have learned a lot about how to make capable and reliable heat pumps that work in all environmental conditions and are excited about the idea of working on that problem one day. We put it that way. It's definitely aligned with our mission to transition to sustainable -- accelerate the transition to sustainable energy.
Andrew Baglino: Yes. I mean, the integration of those systems in a house are no different than the integration of those systems in a vehicle. The only difference is -- we do it all in the vehicle.
Andrew Baglino: Kind of easy problem. But obviously, those systems are all just disparate and what we've been doing with Powerwall and charging solar is integrating them more and more. The next logical step is obviously HVAC and water and heating. So we will do that and we will integrate it probably better than anyone has. But as you said, we have a lot of stuff on our plate.
Andrew Baglino: So, everybody needs to be in the factory often enough to be able to understand that last part of the equation. And if you're in the research center...
Andrew Baglino: Yes. On the 4680 as a form factor, yes, we've engaged with a number of our partners or suppliers on the form factor and they're all working on it. And they look at it the way we look at it as a way to drive fundamental cost efficiencies in production and also ultimately, the design of the cell itself to drive the cost down of the cell. And so, that's what's engaged -- I mean, we're engaged because we think it's a good form factor there, engaged because they think it's a good form factor, and we want people to make it for sure. To the question about should everything be 4680, it doesn't have to be. In the end, it's about cost competitiveness, scalability of manufacturing. And when you compare like an iron cell with a nickel cell, for example, like there are some just physics-based differences in what happens in certain corner cases that would drive different form factors, and we just have to be cognizant of that and design to that. So, it isn't like the ultimate form factor for all things. There's other form factors that could be better for an iron cell, for example.
Andrew Baglino: Yes. I mean, on a go-forward basis, right, the idea is to continue to drive simplification. So, there are fewer unique parts, fewer of them. On the power side, in particular, it's still like an area of like technological development where the next chip can do the same thing with less [dia area], so like the total fab required to accomplish the function goes down. So, there's still room to grow without needing more fab capacity. But in general, there's a lot more fab capacity coming. So that's like a win-win there.
Elon Musk: Absolutely. And just to repeat Drew's point, we are still -- we still expect to be part or primarily chip-limited this year. So, that's the thing that's actually the driver. And that chip limitation should alleviate next year. And then probably, we transition into a cell limitation battery, total gigawatt-hours of cell limitation, which is when the 4680 will become very important.
Elon Musk: I'd like to just second the thank you to suppliers. A lot of suppliers worked late nights, weekends, vacations around the world, and we're very grateful for that.
Elon Musk: Well, we're not currently working on a $25,000 car. At some point, we will, but we have enough on our plate right now, too much on our plate, frankly. So, at some point, there will be. I think that's sort of a question that -- it's sort of the wrong question. Really, it's really the thing that overwhelmingly matters is when is the car autonomous? I think, at the point in which it is autonomous, the cost of transport drops by, I don't know, a factor of 4 or 5.
Elon Musk: Yes. I think it really becomes quite a compelling solution to the consumer where you integrate the electric vehicles charging, solar, energy storage, hot water, HVAC in a very tight compact package that also looks good. It just doesn't exist.
Elon Musk: Yes. And system integration too, with like phone, everything and the car can -- like the house can just heat and cool things because those are coming home type of thing. It still needs to be like randomly that temperature when you're not there or...
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly. So just do sensible things and just work really, I think it would be just quite a game changer down the road. We've got a lot of fish frying on it. And so, it is a thing we will do but we're not committing to a time frame at this point.
Elon Musk: Now, I mean, this sounds maybe too complicated. We're just going to be focused on like what sells for the fully considered lowest cost per mile, kilometer of driving. And these other -- so that's what matters like how do you maximize the efficiency of getting people from one place to another and then charge them in a sensible way.
Elon Musk: Okay. There's a few questions on there. Like 6 questions. Yes, Dojo appears to be on track for doing something useful in the summer this year. I think the threshold that really matters is at which point when does it become more competitive than a GPU cluster for training? And obviously, the GPU cluster is getting better. So, it's a moving target. But that's the goal I've set for the team is the FSD team running our GPU supercluster needs to tell me that they want to use Dojo instead that. That's where -- that's the obvious sort of threshold. And I don't know when that will. I wouldn't say like success is 100% certain here. I think, we just generally want to overestimate meeting options to underestimate ourselves. But it does seem as though we might pass that threshold next year with Dojo if we execute well. Dojo is not needed for Full Self-Driving but it is a cost optimization on creating vast amounts of video data. Cost optimization also, a rate of improvement. So, if you can train models faster, have a shorter iteration interval, then you can make progress faster. So, not everything can be distributed to deep GPUs. There's some elements of serialization there, so. And then, if Dojo is competitive, then it does seem like the kind of thing where we would offer it to other companies that want to do neural net training. Those are very much a neural net training optimized system. But in theory, it should be better than a generalize computing platform or say, GPUs, which were not really intended for the pixel trader. [ph] It is not directly intended for optimizing training of neural networks. They just happen to work better than CPUs in most cases. So, Dojos like a giant ASIC optimized for neural net training, especially video, or video like things. But as -- like said, we're not saying, for sure, Dojo would succeed. We think it will. We would encourage those who think this is an interesting problem to join Tesla, and -- yes.
Elon Musk: Yes. The first use of the Tesla Bots, Optimus, the Optimus name seems to be sticking at least internally, Optimus Subprime. Like if we can't find a use for it, then we shouldn't expect that others would. So, the first use of the Optimus robots would be, at Tesla, like moving parts around the factory or something like that.
Elon Musk: It should be clear, like we are pushing very hard for California to change the rules to allow informatics, which basically means that you're as safe as you're driving is measured. So, I think the current California rules are contrary to the best interest of the consumers in California and should be changed.
Elon Musk: Yes. And we get direct feedback on whether driving is safe. And if they drive safe, their insurance cost is less, so they drive safer. It encourages Tesla Insurance with informatics and real-time feedback encourages safer driving and rewards it monetarily. It's great.
Elon Musk: I don't think we want to comment on -- like that's -- it's always possible to increase the output of any given factory, to say, what's the next capacity? Well, it's difficult to say what that next capacity is because you put a lot of evidence that you increase capacity quite a lot. I think, -- look at the big picture -- you initially always want to increase capacity at one factory because your logistics cost of transporting cars needs to be considered, especially as the cars become more affordable, you want to have factories that are not like thousands of miles away from the customers. So, even if you could increase output, it may not actually be the smart thing to do. So, in the U.S. with, for example, with Giga Texas, I mean, coming up, we would want to deliver, say, Model Ys that are going to the eastern two-thirds of the United States from this factory. The logistics costs are going to be much less. But we will continue to increase output in Fremont and in -- at Giga Nevada and Shanghai. And as I said at the beginning of the call, this -- 2022 is the year we will be looking at factory locations to see what makes the most sense, possibly with some announcement by the end of this year. Yes.
Elon Musk: Batteries will probably not be the limiting factor in Cybertruck production. There's a lot of new technology in the Cybertruck that will take some time to work through. And then, there's a question of like, what's the average cost of Cybertruck and to what degree is that affordable? There's -- you can make something infinitely desirable. But if it's not affordable, that will constrain people's ability to buy it because they don't have the money. I worry more about like how do we the Cybertruck affordable despite having awesome technology. That's the thing that will really set the rate. Aspirationally, we'd like it to go, in terms of just a rough order of magnitude, we'd like Cybertruck to be at least on the order of [indiscernible] vehicles a year. But it will take us a moment to get to that level.
Elon Musk: Yes. I think basically everything pales in comparison to the value of robotaxi or personal driving. I mean, it's just -- I mean, that just tends to warm everything. You just go from having an asset that is -- has a utility of perhaps 12 hours a week per passenger car to maybe around 50 or 60 hours a week to a 5x increase in the utility of the asset. The cost didn't change. Yes. So, that's where just things just we had -- just kind of where’s your mind.
Elon Musk: As mentioned earlier, Dojo is not required for Full Self-Driving. It should have a positive effect on the cost of training networks. It's not just a question like, does it get to Full Self-Driving but really kind of like the March of Nines of reliability, is it 99.999% reliable or 99.999999% reliable. This is -- it gets nutty. So, obviously we want to get to close to perfection as possible. So frankly, being safe than a human is a low standard, not a high standard. People are very, very lossy, often distracted, tired, texting. Anyway, it's remarkable that we don't have more accidents. So, it's -- yes. So actually being better than a human, I think, is relatively very forward, frankly, how do you be 1,000% better or 10,000% better. Yes. That's what gets much harder. But I think anyone who's been in the FSD beta program, I mean, if they were just to plot the progress of the beta interventions per mile, it's obviously trending to a very small number of interventions per mile and pace of improvement is fast. And there are several profound improvements to the FSD stack that are coming in the next few months. So, yes. I would be shocked if we do not achieve Full Self-Driving safer than human this year. I would be shocked.
Elon Musk: Yes. To be clear, we do think that old stationary storage, Powerwall and Megapack, will be -- will transition to an iron-based system, basically a non-nickel system. Manganese is also -- could be part of the future, but primarily iron. It just comes down -- iron nickel -- we need something that is formed in a star before a supernova, ideally. So iron is. So that's because there's a ridiculous amount of iron on earth as is a ridiculous amount of lithium. So, you can really expect all stationary storage to transition to iron over time. And like I said, with manganese is like a wildcard, manganese. And I should say like we did short-change the energy business last year and that vehicle took priority over the energy side. So not on cells, but on -- yes, on chipset, yes. So, we do see a very -- I mean, long-term probably terawatt-hour per year energy business. A lot -- it's very vast. Yes.
Elon Musk: It's hard to predict 2022 because we still have lingering supply chain -- there are still lingering supply chain issues globally. But I think the chip stuff, at least the chip side of things appears to looks like it will alleviate end of this year or '23. I mean, there are a crazy number of chip fabs being built, which is great. The sheer number of chip fabs being built right now is exciting to see, yes. So, there could be other issues. We're trying to anticipate those as much as possible but predicting the future is difficult.
Elon Musk: Yes. We'll grow it this year, for sure. It's just -- we -- if we're simply -- we're able to respond to demand, it might grow by like 200% or 300% or something as opposed to sort of 50% or so.
Elon Musk: And it will naturally grow faster than the vehicle business once we can -- yes, the chip constraint, frankly. So, it will grow like stars [ph] basically on the road, it needs to. And our primary mission is to accelerate sustainable energy. That's always been our primary mission and we're trying to stay true to that.
Elon Musk: Yes, we're like this is a useful product that the world really needs. And we’re just like let’s make this thing, design it up and iterate fast and then figure out how to make this at scale at a reasonable price. That last part is the super hard part. Many times, we've said prototypes are easy, production is hard. We could work out that as a way of prototypes, but what's the point of that? Like you actually have to reach scale production and have cash and exceed cash out. That's the super hard part.
Elon Musk: Yes. Doing them separately is like --for actually making products. So, we don't think of it as R&D and then like the product development. It's just one talking -- one be able to just make great product -- is the same general societally with those way too much value placed on the idea. It's like the -- like the idea of going to the moon. That's what the hard part. Okay, going to the moon is the hard part by far. And the thing is that that is true for really most products. So, this is just weighing too much value placed in the idea of versus execution. And we have ideas -- we have a bazillion ideas. So many ideas we don't know what do with. Sort through them and say, which one are we actually going to going through blood, sweat and tears in terms of bringing to volume production. That's the super -- and then actually do that, right -- that's tough.
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly. You want to tie it back with production, just like the office we're sitting in right now, looks over the Giga Texas production line, like the offices are integrated into the factory.
Elon Musk: Yes. I think the FSD stuff, you really don't want to be looking at the rearview mirror. It will not be a good indicator for the future. This is what you need to look out the front windscreen, so -- because it is such a profound step change. I mean, effectively long term, every car will have FSD. And so, -- and the value of that will be a very big number. I just look at this as asset utilization. You have a passenger car, which normally is driven maybe 1.5 hours a day on average, maybe 10 -- 10 hours, 10, 12 hours a week, a lot of cars are in parking lots. So, we're spending money, not just driving the cars but storing them all over the place. We can get rid of a lot of parking lots if you have a car that is operating all the time. But there will be a challenge with traffic. So, we like this little tiny baby company, The Boring Company, which I initially started as a joke, and now I think it actually could be quite essential to alleviating the insane traffic that will happen when cars are autonomous because you reduce the pain of travel and you reduce the cost of travel so dramatically that there will be a crazy number of cars on the road. I mean, it's going to be -- I think it's way cheaper to draw a price point with robotaxi, which is an autonomous Tesla, which every car we've made in the past three or four years will be capable of that, than a bus or a subway, will cost less than the subsidized value of a bus ticket. So, if we want to get -- I'm not going to take the bus. If it costs you -- I don't know for arguments sake $2 to travel 10 miles point to point, taking the bus, especially in cold weather or dark or maybe a little bit dangerous or that. I just do not understand how profound change this is. It's not like some little feature, select the most profound software upgrade, maybe in history. Millions of cars suddenly have about 4 or 5 times utility [indiscernible] overnight. I don't actually know how to quantify that financially except that it's some big number.
Elon Musk: Yes. I mean, it's apparent from the questions that the gravity of Full Self-Driving is not fully appreciated. If an asset has 5 times more utilization than the -- it's like dividing the cost of that asset by 5. So, if you have a $50,000 car, it's like having a $10,000 car all of a sudden, but maybe better than that because still you don't want to drive. So the person can be engaged in productivity or amusement instead of having to onerously drive through traffic. So, it's probably better than 5 times, I don't know. Yes. I mean, basically, if the cost of our cars do not change at all, we would still sell as many as we could possibly make.
Elon Musk: Well, last year was chip hell of many chips, so silicon carbide inverters certainly one of them, but...
Elon Musk: Yes. It's a ton of very simple control chips that front-of-the-mill literally. Yes. Basic to control.
Elon Musk: Yes, exactly. Like the little chip that allows you to move your seat back and forth. That actually was a big problem. Yes. But a lot of these things are alleviating. I think there's some degree of the toilet paper problem as well, where there was a toilet paper shortage during COVID. Like obviously, it wasn't really certainly a tremendous enhanced need for [expletive] wiping. It's just people panicked in order -- and got every paper you could possibly wipe your [expletive] with basically. This is like a real thing, I actually took my kids to the H-E-B and Walmart in Texas to just confirm if this was real. Indeed, it was. And there's plenty of food and everything else, but just nothing, no paper products. An odd choice for people to panic about. [Indiscernible] as we told at the least of your problems. So, I think we saw just a lot of companies over-order chips and they buffer the chips. And so, we should see -- we are seeing alleviation in almost every area, but the output of the vehicle is -- goes with the least lucky. What is the most problematic item in the entire car? And there's like at least 10,000 unique parts in the car. So, waiting more than that if you go further off the supply chain and it's just -- which one is going to be the least lucky one this time? It's hard to say.
Elon Musk: Yes. It's not a long-term thing because there's going to be -- there's a great amount of chip fabs being built, which is great.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. Thanks, Martin. As Elon mentioned, 2021 was a financially transformative year for the Company. If we look across the full year '21 and compare that to 2020, our automotive gross margin, excluding credits, rose by over 600 basis points, enabled by work on cost reduction, utilization of our Shanghai factory for exports and accelerating demand. OpEx as a percentage of revenue reduced, despite the impact of onetime items and unique items, and operating income more than tripled, with operating margin reaching our guidance of mid-teens, and these margins are trending up. We also saw regulatory credits accounting for a relatively small portion of our 2021 profitability, which we expect to continue to reduce in materiality going forward. For Q4 specifically, automotive gross margin, excluding credits, increased to 29.2%, which is our highest yet. We do continue to see some impact of higher pricing on certain models and trims as was the case in prior quarters. But please keep in mind that due to backlogs, changes in pricing will generally impact our financials in future quarters. Supply chain challenges and port congestion resulted in a significant increase in our expedited costs in Q4. We also took reserves associated with warranty and recall costs. Operating expenses were meaningfully impacted by stock-based compensation from the final two tranches of the CEO stock grant becoming probable and payroll taxes associated with the exercise of the 2012 CEO options. The total impact of these payroll taxes, warranty and recall costs and excess expedites was just over $700 million in the quarter. Our free cash flows have remained strong, reaching record levels in Q4 of $2.8 billion, despite increased CapEx. In addition to using cash to grow the business as quickly as we can, we have been retiring legacy and high interest debt. Note that we plan to continue to utilize the ABS market for product-specific financing. As we look forward, and we expect 2022 to be another significant and exciting year for the Company. We continue to drive for vehicle volume growth at or above 50%, as Elon mentioned, and our plans show that this is actually achievable with just our Fremont and Shanghai factories. For quite some time now, these factories have been running below capacity due to macro challenges with supply and logistics. As Elon mentioned as well, from what we're seeing, the pace of growth in 2022 will again be determined by supply chain and logistics, which is quite difficult for us to forecast. Despite these constraints, it's important to begin the ramp of Austin and Berlin to ensure that we are prepared once limitations ease, enabling us to increase total output more quickly in the future. This will result in higher fixed and semi-variable costs in the near term, in addition to the usual inefficiencies as we ramp a new factory. We are also seeing inflation and rising commodity prices, which we expect to continue to put pressure on our costs. How this specifically impacts gross margins in the near term is uncertain, given a mix of both tailwinds and headwinds. However, we do expect to continue to see stronger operating margins as we grow our volumes and improve operating leverage. Over a longer-term horizon, we are quite optimistic about the expansion of margins, though. From the hardware side, we are aggressively driving manufacturing innovations and operational efficiency to reduce cost. And with the rapid development of FSD, software-based profits will ultimately become a strong addition to the profits generated by selling hardware. So congratulations to the Tesla team for a terrific 2021, and thank you to our suppliers who supported us. Looking forward to another great year.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. We currently offer Tesla Insurance in 5 states in the U.S. Four of them are telematics, which is Texas, Illinois, Ohio and Arizona. And then California, which has a more standard insurance offering based upon regulations there.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. And that's evidenced by what we're seeing in Texas. We've been in this market now for about three months. And what we see in the data is the frequency of collision by folks who are -- who are given a feedback loop on how they are driving is quite a bit lower than the frequency of collision otherwise.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Exactly. And so, we see that so far in Texas. Take rates have been quite strong. We measure this on the conversion rate from when folks quote to see what their monthly rate would be at the starting point to what percentage of them purchase. So, we're very encouraged by the interest that we're seeing in Texas. And then we have enough history in Texas to see what does the loss ratios look like and how do the economics of the program work. And we're on the right track there as well. So, we're comfortable with what we've seen in Texas to move as quickly as the intent to scale this across the U.S. Specifically on the question about when we will be in all states, this is a slow process because of insurance being regulated at the state level. And so we have to go through each of those processes with each of the departments of insurance in each state. But our internal goal here by the end of the year is to be in enough locations that 80% of our customers within the U.S. could choose to sign up for Tesla Insurance if they wanted to. There's a lot of uncertainty around that based upon the regulatory processes, but that's our goal. And then, as we make more progress rolling out in the states and each incremental state becomes a little bit less effort than the prior, that's when we'll turn our attention to the Europe market. We might be able to do that by the end of the year, starting to get work on Europe by the end of the year. We'll have to see how we progress in the U.S.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. Basically -- yes, there's basically four major factors if we look over the last year to the margin improvement in the Company. And they're in no particular order here but these are the big ones. So, our mix of Model Y is increasing as we've ramped that to higher capacity in Fremont and also in Shanghai. And the reason that matters is the Model Y is a vehicle that carries a higher profit than the Model 3. And so that is helpful on our margins. And then, as we increase the volume on that program with labor efficiencies, fixed cost amortization, they improve and the costs go down as well. The second one here is localization in Shanghai has been a huge help for margins for the Company. And the obvious things around logistics and duties is a big part of it, but we've also -- that factory had a different line design, more efficient from the start, and we've been pushing the boundaries on the volume there. So, that has been helpful. If you recall at the beginning of the year, we also were in a transition to the new version of the Model S and Model X. And so, as that has ramped over the course of the year, that has been helpful. And then, we've also done various price increases in certain markets on certain models, which has helped there. So, that's generally the story at a high level. As we look over the next a quarter or two, as I mentioned in my opening remarks in the last call as well, we have ramp inefficiencies from the launch of Austin and Berlin. We also have pressures coming from inflation, supply chain, raw materials, et cetera. And so, where that nets out is hard to say in the immediate term. And we obviously, as a company, are going to be driving to increase margins as much as we can. But I just want to be realistic that we're launching two factories simultaneously here and it unavoidably will add cost to the business as we do that. And as we look further out, and Elon mentioned this in his opening remarks as well, the software portion of the business, I think, is the one to really pay attention to. As Full Self-Driving features get rolled out to more and more folks, I mean, for me, personally, I prefer to drive my car with the FSD data on. And I think as more and more people experience that, take rates there, and then as we work towards the robotaxi space, there's actually quite a bit of upside on margins from a software perspective.
Zachary Kirkhorn: Yes. I mean, I think it's exactly that. I mean, it's a question of does it double, triple, quadruple? I mean, either way, I think our plans are pretty ambitious for Megapack this year and storage in general. The exact amount of growth is hard to know. But ultimately, I mean, to Elon's point about the growth of this business, I mean, we need to be growing it faster than the vehicle business.
Martin Viecha: The next question is, would you consider splitting FSD packages into perpetual and term licenses with a higher tier for both options for commercial use? A perpetual license that could be attached to individual or business and not the vehicle itself.
Martin Viecha: Thank you. Let's go to analyst questions now. And the first question comes from Jed from Canaccord. Jed, feel free to unmute yourself and ask a question.
Martin Viecha: Well, thank you very much. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have for this session. Thanks very much for all your good questions. And we'll speak to you again in three months' time. Have a good day. Bye, bye.
