Elon R. Musk: Yes, I think that's a good idea. I agree with that. I think that would be the smart move. We can talk more about that next week with -- and also discuss the Gigafactory plans. Unfortunately, I can't say anything [indiscernible] right now, except that I agree. I think your advice is good.
Elon R. Musk: I think it's necessary to have it occur in 3 years. It's not necessary if we allow that time frame to expand.
Elon R. Musk: Yes, but -- I mean, I should emphasize that we expect the reinvestment opportunities to be quite significant, I mean, for a long time. So our actual profitability will be quite a bit less than that. But if we would just sort of level out the business at any given point, I think something like a mid-teens type of number is very achievable.
Elon R. Musk: Right, right. I mean, the car business is truly staggeringly big. It's over $2 trillion a year in new car sales. That's just new car sales, it's not even taking into account servicing and used car sales and just accessories and all the other things. So there's just a pretty big ramp ahead in terms of reinvestment.
Elon R. Musk: Actually, sales and service is not a problem in China, it's more local manufacturing, where there's an expectation that you partner with a local entity. And since we're really just at the early stages of -- very early stages of selling cars in China, and we're very far away from -- we're very far away by Tesla's time frame standards, away from manufacturing in China, but we do expect to do that in the long term. At least for the short to medium term, there's not a need for a local partner.
Elon R. Musk: I think the biggest thing we can attribute that sort of growth to is that the Model X demand is very high. But there's a number -- obviously, we don't disclose it, but even though there's 0 marketing for the Model X -- essentially, it's like if you're going fishing, it's like the fish are jumping in the boat. We're not actually trying to sell the Model X at all, but demand seems to be remarkably high. And we're seeing a steady accumulation of Model X deposits.
Elon R. Musk: Well, we -- I think there's probably work to do in a number of locations in Europe, mostly because we still have to sort out a number of charging issues. Because the -- even though the EU is sort of 1 market economically. It's certainly not one market from an electricity standpoint. So we're sorting through a number of charging issues over there. And I think that's what's slowing down our [indiscernible] temporarily, but we feel confident about addressing those in the very near term and expect that the sales will do -- will pick up quite a bit over in Europe.
Elon R. Musk: Yes, absolutely. Yes, I mean -- I think, based on current trends it seems unlikely that we'll be able to satisfy demand in China this year. So there will be unmet -- likely to be, I think, unmet demand in China.
Elon R. Musk: Yes. I mean, it's not a huge difference going from 25% to 28%. And I think one can arguably achieve that just by scaling up. So, in fact, I mean, the 28% number is assuming that the take rate of options decreases slightly. So we're not planning on lowering the price of the car. But as we reach the broader markets, the option uptake, for example, people ordering, say, performance plus, we expect, will decrease, and there will be sort of more orders of the more affordable version of the car. So the 28% is assuming a lower average price because of a lower option take.
Elon R. Musk: I don't think we want to break out the exact market percentages, and I think it's difficult for us to estimate them with precision, except that it appears that based on demand, since we announced pricing in China, that it seems unlikely that we'll be able to get everyone a car this year. And -- yes.
Elon R. Musk: Well, we actually expect that there'd be more than 1 partner in the factory. I mean, obviously, Panasonic is currently our primary partner on cell production, and so the default assumption will be that Panasonic would continue to partner with us in the Gigafactory. But there are also likely to be other suppliers in the factory that provide the pre-cost [ph] materials to the cell, so the anode and cathode materials, separator, electrolyte, that kind of thing. And so -- but I don't want to talk too much about Gigafactory because we're going to talk about that next week, and there's a lot of stuff to talk about besides that in this earnings release. Yes, so I think we'll have to just punt that answer detail to next week.
Elon R. Musk: Yes. So at first, we saw a significant drop in demand, and we were quite worried about it. And then as consumers came to understand that this was really kind of a media-driven thing and not a real danger with the car, they -- our sales improved steadily since then and have continued to improve since that initial news. And, basically, consumers have come to understand that, actually, our car has a far lower propensity of fire than a gasoline car and by at least a half order of magnitude. And so as consumers became aware of that, their fears subsided. But I think it's great that we live in an area where there's the Internet and social media, so that when something is -- when the fans are flamed literally by the media, there's at least a path for consumers to understand what is really going on. I think in the absence of social media, I'm not sure we would have been able to correct the misperception.
Elon R. Musk: We anticipate a positive result, and I think it will certainly help some number of people out there. And it's worth noting that -- I mean, the -- we've been cleared by regulatory agencies in every other country, so Germany, Britain, Japan, China, everyone else. So it's actually just the U.S. regulatory authority is kind of the lone holdout at this point. But we provided the NHTSA with all the information that they've requested, and we're awaiting a decision from them, which hopefully would come soon and, yes, probably helpful to some number of consumers out there.
Elon R. Musk: So we are constructing a new line in the factory. So it's a little -- before I answer, it's a little complex because there are many pieces that go into making a Model S. Some of which are production-constrained, and some of which are not. So to get to this sort of the hype, the sort of 1,000-plus production rate, we do need sort of a new final assembly line, which we're in the process of constructing. And then we'll transition the final assembly to that, hopefully, around the end of the third quarter or thereabouts. Then there's sort of separately a body construction line, which is where you create the body in line and sort of the welded assembly, welded and bonded assembly. That's also taking place. That's not needed to achieve the production rate but will help with production efficiency, and will also be the -- where the Model X is -- it will be sort of a next-generation body assembly facility for the X and then the S. So I'm not sure -- it will be quite a long answer to give you sort of the full story, but that's -- maybe those are the sort of highlights.
Elon R. Musk: Yes. It's fair to assume that we will be able to go to higher numbers if the demand is there to -- yes, yes.
Elon R. Musk: Well, I mean, it's really difficult to predict where the demand clearly settles out for the S. But I can say, in relative terms, it appears that the X will see at least as much a demand as the S. And if I was to guess, and this is just a guess, I think the X demand may exceed the S demand. I mean, this is very speculative, so don't hold me to it, but that's my best guess. I think X demand will exceed S demand. And as far as S demand, of course, I mean, there are a lot of factors here because it's not just for the S. But like let's say the world were to go into a recession in 2016, it's difficult to say what the S demand -- how would we be affected and that kind of thing, so -- because you start to encounter macro factors. But it seems like -- it seems pretty likely that we could sustain demand of around 1,000 units a week. That's my best guess for the S.
Elon R. Musk: It's tempting to sort of get into the Gigafactory stuff, but I think we could like have the whole call talking about that. And we're going to have more of sort of a dedicated call next week to talk about it. But, I mean, I think the Gigafactory would absorb all of the cells produced and that we probably need to bring in cells from other factories around the world.
Elon R. Musk: I do want to emphasize something that -- it would be -- we could have tried to aim for a higher delivery number in Q1, if we were to kind of gain deliveries and not try to sort of be a bit of a contortionist in terms of vehicles in transit. But I made the decision that we shouldn't try to do that and we should just try to produce cars in the right way for the various markets. And so our actual revenue number for Q1 is going to be less than it would be if we did try to sort of play all sorts of games with delivery, delivery between domestic and international markets. So I think it's the right decision for the long term, but it means that our Q1 actual recognized revenue will be lower than it might otherwise be.
Elon R. Musk: I sort of answered this question earlier, which is like it's very difficult to predict with precision the exact division of sales. Actually, the best fidelity that we can forecast right now is really that we think non-North American sales will be about twice the size of American sales, roughly speaking. This is not to say it will be exactly twice the size, but it's roughly. And yes, yes. I mean, something we try to do is to try to balance customer wait times because, for example, like last quarter, we actually did quite a few European deliveries because customers in Europe have been waiting for a really long time to receive their car. And so we just have to balance that. We're slowing down U.S. deliveries and trying to make people as happy as possible, given the production constraints.
Elon R. Musk: We're working pretty hard on that, and we believe we've got some good solutions. We're going to talk more about that in the coming months. Yes, we're going to make sure that, that's not a limitation.
Elon R. Musk: Yes, [indiscernible]. Q3 to Q4, U.S. deliveries were very similar, but the increment went to Europe.
Elon R. Musk: Right. I think there could be, although, as I said, we do expect the option take rate to reduce. So that's why we're being -- we're saying sort of 28% gross margin. But if the option take rate doesn't reduce, obviously, it will be higher than that.
Elon R. Musk: I'm sure there will be efficiencies, yes. We don't want to predict something better than a 28% gross margin, but I think there probably will be efficiencies, seems likely.
Elon R. Musk: Yes, I think we'll be able to ramp our production rate quite a bit with a fairly small increase in hiring. So, yes, I mean, our labor efficiency essentially is likely to improve a lot over the course of this year.
Elon R. Musk: Well, I mean, hopefully, other manufacturers will adjust their pricing to not exploit Chinese consumers. I think that's the right thing for them to do and it's what they've, I think, ought to have been doing from the beginning. I don't know if they will do that, but that's what they probably should do. And we are seeing really strong demand, which hopefully will continue, but it's been very strong since we announced pricing. And I think our bigger challenge will be trying to satisfy that demand.
Elon R. Musk: Actually, I'd rather not comment too much on future Model S changes, except to say that, obviously, we add features to the vehicle all the time. Every month, there's something that's been added or improved. It's sort of a continuously improved vehicle.
Elon R. Musk: It's dedicated to the X and S. So the third-generation vehicle -- certainly, we'll learn from those lines, but third-generation vehicle will have a completely separate production process. It's geared to a higher volume, so yes.
Elon R. Musk: Absolutely. I should mention that we do anticipate being able to do the third-generation vehicle production in our Fremont facility. When it was owned by Toyota and General Motors, it was able to produce 0.5 million vehicles a year, and we feel like we can get there with our vehicles as well.
Elon R. Musk: Well, the Gigafactory is really there to support the volume of the third-generation car. And yes, that's really -- it's happening in parallel with development of the third-generation car. We want to have the vehicle engineering and tooling come to fruition at the same time as Gigafactory. And yes, so that's all really part of one strategy, one combined effort.
Elon R. Musk: Sure. Well, I mean, first of all, I don't think it's the case that current lithium-ion production is particularly bad, environmentally. But I think if you visit, say, the Panasonic cell factories in Japan, I mean, they are superclean, and, I mean, they don't have like terrible emissions or waste or anything like that. But I think we can also take it a step further with the Gigafactory and have a plant that is heavily powered by renewables, wind and solar, and that has built into it the recycling capability for old battery packs. So you can really look at the whole life cycle of a battery pack and just be in the best possible situation from an environmental standpoint. And I'd actually point out also though that lithium-ion battery packs are recycled today. There's a recycling facility in Vancouver and one in Belgium for U.S. and Europe, and they have quite a bit of value. So it's not as though they are sent to a landfill, even as it is. But for Gigafactory, we'd like to sort of combine the whole thing, yes.
Elon R. Musk: It's definitely flattening out in terms of our purchase price. I mean, flattening out to, I'd say, maybe slightly reducing, but, I mean, it's within like 1% or 2%. But we do -- I mean, I do think that there's -- it seems like the prudent thing is to assume that there's a reduction in the option take rate as we get to more of a mainstream market and a fewer people take the high-performance options on the car, which generate quite a bit of margin. So we're just trying to be conservative on this front. And maybe the average selling price doesn't decline, but we want to protect for a scenario where it does.
Deepak Ahuja: Yes. Well, I think in 2014, we certainly expect to generate significant cash flow from operations. And our CapEx then, which then feeds into free cash flow, will depend quite a bit on how we continue to expand and what opportunities we see globally throughout the rest of the year. So it's a bit early for me to call and give you clear guidance for certainly 2015 and potentially all of 2014, but we said we see this as really a great year for growth as we look forward.
Deepak Ahuja: I think we have, in the past, even since the time of our IPO, indicated that our long-term target is to get to an operating margin which is in the teens, low- to mid-teens. And I think that is still what our long-term goal is, to get there as we continue to grow the business.
Deepak Ahuja: At the same time, we see very good demand in China and a lot of the emerging right-hand drive markets.
Deepak Ahuja: Yes, it's all of that. We are also continuing to make design improvements to the product, which is also helping us. And clearly, as we expand production, our suppliers see economies of scale and so do we. In addition, there's efficiency and -- as we continue to stabilize and mature our production processes. So all of that, we feel, is a contributor to getting to that gross margin improvement.
Deepak Ahuja: And in terms of the incentives, we are talking to the authorities, and we're working to see how the Model S can be included. Clearly, the initial round was -- sort of the expectation was this only applies to local manufacturers, but that is something we're working to include Model S in that.
Deepak Ahuja: I mean, we're very mindful of OpEx. We continue with our culture of being frugal, but investing where it makes sense for the business. So I think it's a bit early or premature for me to give you sort of longer-term guidance beyond Q1. But our approach really is to be focused in the most cost-efficient manner to achieve our growth and also trying to, over time, bring our percentage -- our OpEx percentage of revenue down and contribute to the bottom line. So I think that's the longer-term trend that you will continue to see.
Deepak Ahuja: No, we didn't provide that. We haven't done that in the past, and we have [indiscernible]. For Europe, more than [indiscernible]. I think -- I just wanted to say most of the growth that came in Q4 is from Europe, though U.S. and North America continued at the same pace as Q3. I think that's the more relevant information.
Deepak Ahuja: Colin, so just to clarify, I mean, I know we are running a 2-shift operation in a lot of our factories. And, again, the factories are very complex, as Elon said, and different shops run under different operating patterns. And there's no single takt time per se that we can share with you. And our focus is just to continue to improve efficiencies. And then the significant ramp-up in the second half will come, as Elon indicated, with the move to the new final assembly line and the body construction line. So I think there are broader factors which help us get there. And tell me if I'm answering your question satisfactorily.
Deepak Ahuja: Yes. I think Q4 to Q1, as we indicated in the shareholder letter, and as Elon mentioned, we are ramping up even further into Europe and China. And we could have played games and tried to shift the mix and delivered more cars in the U.S. to hit a higher delivery number in Q1, but we decided to smooth in the flow of cars and our operational issues. And that's why you see the small reduction in Q1 deliveries and the mix shift a little bit more into Europe and Asia and from a production point of view.
