Elon R. Musk: All right, I think we can go right into questions. So, let’s go ahead and start addressing the questions.
Elon R. Musk: I mean the initial ramp of course would be sort of slow, and then will spool up rapidly. We’re keeping exact ramp, sort of confidential and in part because we want to as we increase the production, we want to stabilize it at various plateaus, evaluate the quality if it looks good, then ramp up. And our goal is to be at a run rate, an annualized run rate of greater than 20,000 you’d see at the end of the year. But it’s a little difficult to predict that ramp, exactly in advance. It’s going to dependent on how rapidly we can make costs add to exceptional quality.Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital Inc.: Are there any major pieces that need to be done, shipped in or installed on, I mean, is there any sort of color you can give us as to where you stand today versus perhaps your last earnings call.
Elon R. Musk: I’m highly confident with that, yeah.Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for the incremental color.
Elon R. Musk: I have George Blankenship here, and George probably would be the best person to provide some color and detail regarding these stores.
Elon R. Musk: Well, and I should say with a particular focus in the greater New York area, where we think there is a substantial untapped market.
Elon R. Musk: We’ve had and continue to have extensive discussions with Toyota about scaling up the quantity significantly. And I think Toyota wants to wait until the space of the RAV4 program gets on the road before potentially signing anything that’s at a larger scale. But I think, this is certainly good grounds to conclude that the scale up the odds of scaling up, I think, are good. I mean, I wish, I could characterize with any greater sense to you than that, but I think the reaction to the next RAV4 is going to quite positive. This car is amazing acceleration and handling and its one thing that wasn’t clear in the announcement earlier this week it got 60% more range than Leaf in highway, city, or any scenario really. So it should be quite a compelling vehicle from its capabilities, resemblance and capabilities compared to say a Leaf. The prices are bit on the high side and, but the volume numbers initially are low, so hopefully that’s not an issue.Christopher M. Kovacs – Robert W. Baird & Co. Equity Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Elon R. Musk: Sure, we’ve had limited test rides for journalists, going back as far as September. But that the more, sort of exhausted reviews, I think, we want to wait until the car is as close to perfect as possible before we do that, so certainly past to start of production. If we give a car that may be have some bugs in it, and a journalist is free to write whatever they write, then they would presumably write about a few issues. And there’s no point in doing that, if those expected to be cleared up within four, five weeks. So I think, we’ll wait until probably end of June before doing any journalist reviews.Patrick K. Archambault – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Certainly, and I don’t know may be one for Deepak, just on the modeling side. It sounds like with some of the tooling, coming in late and, I guess just, the characteristics of low volume production when you’re ramping up, you’re going to probably be using components manufactured with pre-production tooling, and if you do it right obviously doesn’t impact the quality, but impacts the cost. Can you tell us a little bit about how you expect your material costs to trend as you ramp up and when you think they can sort of come down, once you have the volume behind you to that, to help you hit that 25% gross margin target.
Elon R. Musk: Yeah, to be clear, we remain impacted arguably at this point, increasingly confident of achieving 25% gross margin for 2013.Patrick K. Archambault – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, terrific very helpful. Thank you.
Elon R. Musk: Well, I think we’re going to keep iterating for the next four or five weeks and even have to restart production, I think there is going to be room for improvements on the car, as there is with any product. And so, I don’t think we’ll have a stop iterating on improvements of the vehicle. But I mean we’re really down to very sort of small refinements at this point. I mean these are kind of nuance issues of fit and finish, and rattle, squeak, the final fine tuning of the stereo system and that kind of thing, it’s not major stuff. But I want to be really attentive to the details, and I don’t want to more or less to be right all way down to the smallest detail, but that’s kind of what we’re doing was right now are things can kept very timely reasonable level.Colin W. Rusch – ThinkEquity LLC: :
Elon R. Musk: It’s increasing the dollars per kilowatt hour or the range. And I think, if we wanted to, right now, we could build the pack directly build the pack with 500 miles range, it doesn’t seem to us that people would necessarily, most people wouldn’t really have need or want for that and so it’s better to use that space for cargo capacity or other things. The bigger focus overtime will be improving the cost per kilowatt hour battery pack. And improving both the non-sale cost and the sale cost, we’re pretty comfortable with where we are, in terms of achieving the 25% gross margin next year. So we’ve got a pretty good idea of how to get there. And at that time we’ll continue to see what’s the sale and non-sale pack cost decrease. Historically, it’s been at roughly the 8% to 10% per year rate, not necessarily, it’s not necessarily smooth, I think that it’s about average over time. And it looks like things will continue to improve at around that rate in the future.Colin W. Rusch – ThinkEquity LLC: All right. Thank you so much.
Elon R. Musk: Adam, yes, it will, so we have to report that on our balance sheet, so, yeah.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, all right.
Elon R. Musk: Yeah, I mean it’s on that order, yeah. It’s not like, it’s not one and it’s not 100s.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Elon R. Musk: So sort of in the 10.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, just want to confirm that, thanks, Elon. And then finally, given the pull forward of the good timeframe of the launch timing, a very positive reception of Model X. Your ability to kind of show and accelerate perhaps key developments for the Gen 3 a few years out, have you given any further thoughts potentially, using an opportunity to raise a bit more capital to help fund these projects that really deserve probably more resources or could it deserve more resources, given the great interest in your early execution on them? That’s my last question. Thank you.
Elon R. Musk: I guess it’s effectively early phase production, although, in terms of cars that we’re prepared to deliver to customers, but those will occur kind of next month.Carter W. Driscoll – Capstone Investments: Okay. Thank you for that. That’ all I had.
Elon R. Musk: Our primary focus really is on the Model S, but we still expect to make material progress on the new electric Mercedes-Benz later this year. But production deliveries in terms of our customers would see is essentially on the early 2014 timeframe.Carter W. Driscoll – Capstone Investments: Okay, appreciate the color. Thank you.
Elon R. Musk: Right, right, so I’m not sure if you had chance to see the range blog we published earlier today. As far as the EPA fuel economy rating, we’re expecting it to be at least or in fact initially it will be 89 MPGe. Although, where we think we might be able to improve that with some efficiency improvements at the charter level because it’s measuring the AC watt-hours and so we think that, we don’t promise anything but we think there is a little room for improvement there. But the current sort of official rating is 89 MPGe. And then on the two-cycle test, we got 320 miles and on the five-cycle test, 265.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sir, can you repeat those please.
Elon R. Musk: Correct. All initial deliveries are for largest battery size.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Elon R. Musk: I think we’re going to have an exciting thing announced later this year regarding long-distance travel with the Model S. Sometime, probably, in the July-ish timeframe and it’s going to be pretty cool.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks, Elon.
Elon R. Musk: And it’s also; I think we don’t have a national advertising spend, it’s zero so maybe at some point I think we’ll want to do that but probably not for the first few years at least. I mean right now demand outstrips supply, so we need to improve supply. That’s our focus.Dan V. Galves – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much for that and can you give us an update on when you expect to begin sales in Europe of the model S and if there is – I am not sure if you have announced pricing for the European vehicle but when would that be if you haven’t already.
Elon R. Musk: Sure. We expect to start delivering in Europe over next year and we’ve not yet announced final pricing for Europe, but it’s going to be sort of sensible pricing compared to what’s in the U.S. It will be a little higher to account for exchange rate variations and logistics costs of bringing things to Europe and so there is some import duties and what not., but it will be otherwise quite similar to our U.S. pricing.Dan V. Galves – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got you, there are certain countries in Europe that the tax regimes are very favorable to EV’s.
Elon R. Musk: I think it’s important to kind of do the right thing for customers. So I think we are sort of really taking advantage of them to lower tax rate and I think that will be very bad. But we are going to have really great sales in a lot of those countries. I mean we are huge in Norway. There had been a [buzz] in Norway at some point, but we actually have just phenomenal customer base in Norway and in places like Switzerland and
Elon R. Musk: And then things like I think London is going to be a very strong market as well because we got, there is no congestion. You don’t pay the congestion fee, if you have an electric car and the cities are taking a lot of steps to install access to electricity for electric vehicles for charging. From a pricing standpoint we probably see a slight premium in Europe but we don’t want to kind of push to get a larger premium in Europe. I think that would be to send the wrong message to customers. Yeah that will be unfair.Dan V. Galves – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Make sense thanks very much.
Elon R. Musk: Yeah. It is kind of intense right now. To admit I’m not getting a lot of sleep. My time is generally on average split roughly 50-50 between Tesla and Space X. And then Solar City is less than a day, a month. So that doesn’t take much time at all. I mean credit for Solar City really goes to Lyndon and Peter Rive who has taken an [excellent] job running that company. I don’t think it’s going to have a just an outstanding IPO later this year. In fact I don’t think most people realize how good it’s going to be, really good. And yes, so I basically I want to email a lot. I think I’m primarily an email processing device and that’s really helpful to be able to run both companies simultaneously. And then I guess, when I'm with my kids, when they don't need my direct attention, then I want to email as well. That’s kind of how it works.Ben Schuman – Pacific Crest Securities LLC: All right, great thanks. And then I guess with the Toyota announcement given the size of the production contract, we get to about 38,000 Tesla content per vehicle. You’ve mentioned in the shareholder letter that the Mercedes powertrain costs can be sort of low enough on higher volumes to fit a higher volume vehicle. Can you sort of walk through the steps there. Did it all just appear to economy to scale or is there are some additional cost reductions that you can point to.
Elon R. Musk: Yeah, I mean just to be clear, the economies of scale is the single biggest driver of cost reduction, I think first it's an approximation, if you scale up production by a factor of 10, your costs would generate drop by half. And that’s a good generalization I think. And so that’s where most of the cost savings is coming from. And then there will also be continued design improvements as we figure out how to achieve the same end goal in a smarter way. Those are the two drivers of mass market, a technology gains mass market which is continued iteration on the design and economies of scale and that’s generally true for any technology.Ben Schuman – Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Great, and thanks for the help on the math there. That’s very helpful.
Elon R. Musk: We certainly see China as very important market and we’re hoping to begin sales in China towards the end of next year, but there is a lot of variables in there with regard to approvals from the Chinese authorities went up today. Our aspiration would be to begin sales that are in the latter half of next year. It's an important market and we’re not currently in discussion for any [Tootie Pie] deals two companies within China, but that’s I suppose the possibility in the long-term. In the short-term, we’re very focused on our partnerships with Daimler and Toyota.Jesse W. Pichel – Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Thank you, gentlemen.
Elon R. Musk: I mean, it’s very aspirational at this point, because our intention is focused on the Model S and on our key powertrain partners, Toyota and Daimler. So, I mean, late 2015 would be the earliest.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Okay.
Elon R. Musk: 2016 is probably most likely, but something like that.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And also on the RAV4 electric, are you providing multiple versions of a battery pack as [true as it stayed] a 100-mile range and you’ve highlighted in the shareholders letter that you are providing a range of 170 miles.
Elon R. Musk: I think there was unfortunately the way that the information was communicated was a little confusing because there is actually only this one battery pack. And the range is actually, if you were comparing today to what the Leaf 100-mile range is, which is the city driving that compares to the 170-mile number for the RAV4 or sort of 165 miles to 170 miles. If you look at the Leaf, say five cycle test that range is in around the 70-mile to 75-mile number I believe, grant maybe 71-mile or something, 73-mile, very difficult. Okay, I think it remains positive at 73-mile. So when comparing to the five cycle range, the RAV4 range is around 105 miles. So in any given range scenario, the RAV4 is about 60% more range than a Leaf.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Okay.
Elon R. Musk: I think we still got confused with comparing the Leafs city range to RAV4’s five cycle range, but which is not apples-to-apples obviously.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Yeah. I was trying to reconcile the 100-mile from Toyota and your 170-mile. That’s a little bit confused. That’s a big 70-mile delta [unless] Toyota talked about 100 miles strictly highway driving, but still that’s a nice 70-mile increment on the city side.
Elon R. Musk: Sorry. Could you repeat the question?Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Toyota had stated 100 miles and you are at 170 miles for the RAV4 and there is 70-mile delta there, and I guess, or maybe Toyota was mentioning highway driving versus, I’d say, city driving.
Elon R. Musk: It’s extremely arduous range and it’s at least 100 miles. Actually, depending on configuration it’s actually at least 105 miles and it maybe as high as 120 miles.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: All right.
Elon R. Musk: And if you were to compare that to the Leaf, you would compare it to the Leafs five cycle range which is 73-mile.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Right. Okay. I get that.
Elon R. Musk: Well, the model X deliveries will be really, I mean, if you put out a deposit for model X you’re going to get the car in almost two years, maybe 22 months, that kind of thing. So it’s really, you’re do getting a car in Q2 of 2014, if you put down a deposit for the model X, whereas you get a car in Q2 of next year if you put down a deposit for the model X. So there’s about a year advantage there, and then we’ll see how deposits track, but I think it will remain true that you will be able to get a model S a lot sooner than a Model X for quite some time.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. I misunderstood. I thought they would be rolling out late in 2013, but thank you.
Elon R. Musk: I mean, very tiny numbers that’s possible, but, I mean if you put down a deposit now you’re really going to get your car in about 22 months-ish. I mean, that’s overly precise. Figure it at approximately two years.Michael Lew – Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate it.
Elon R. Musk: Honestly don’t know. But we do feel that we are confident that when they do test the car it will be a surprise to our safety rating level. In fact, I think the model S, in my opinion, will be the safest car on the road and we have certain architectural advantages that other cars don’t have like a much longer crumple zone in the front, because we don’t have a big engine block that we’re going to deal with. A sidewall intrusion is, we think will probably be the lowest of any events and our rear crash performance is definitely going to be better than any stance because we are protecting for the third row occupants. In fact, for the rear impact, the car is deigned to not just take a highway speed impacting the rear, but be able to take a highway speed impact on half the car, which I think is an important threshold for safety for the third row seats. And has very good roll over protection. I really think this is going to be the safest car on the road.Ben Z. Rose – Battle Road Research Ltd.: Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
George Blankenship: We had very, very good traffic in Q1 as the shareholder letter said, we had over 410,000 people go through the six new design stores that we have. We are now getting ready to start opening our new stores for this year. We plan to open about ten more new stores – of the new design stores in traffic locations similar to those that the six exists then. And the traffic has been very positive and has a positive effect on the reservation flow both from Model S and Model X. So it’s been very, very positive, and we’re looking to open at least 10 stores this year of the new design.Christopher M. Kovacs –Robert W. Baird & Co. Equity Capital Markets: Yeah.
George Blankenship: So if you combine the additional marketing cars that would be there in these stores and the customer rights and drives, definitely there would be a significantly higher level of marketing effort and presence that the customers who see starting in this quarter.
George Blankenship: The Scandinavian countries all really selling on the incentives and the customers have responded very positively both for Roadster and for Model X
Deepak Ahuja: Sure, I mean as we have said the 25% target is when we achieved our annualized 20,000 units production since there is labor and overhead component as well to it. So that would be some time late this year and on a full quarter it’s we’ll get closer to that in Q1 of next year. Initially at this point primarily in Q2 as you said it could be a variety of reasons why initial pricing from suppliers could be low. It’s just a mere fact that they have low volumes, prices would be high, sorry. Just a mere fact that they have low volumes in some cases and result in higher prices. So that’s being factored in our financial assumptions, and most of Q2 expenses will be in R&D for those issues and that’s why we have also provided the guidance of our increased R&D expense in Q2.
Deepak Ahuja: And I just want to mention everyone should go and check out our website blog. You will see a very thorough letter from Elon and J. B. Straubel, our CTO that explains a lot of the details and some of the numbers behind that. It’s quite interesting reading.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Deepak Ahuja: So, Dan, to answer your earlier question, we expect to have close to 30 stores by end of this year and as we look at next year and growth of Model X in 2014, we’ll be somewhere north of 50 stores at that time and when we think globally that gives us enough capacity and throughput in these stores to sell our projected volumes of Model S and X as we’ve shared externally so far. And we certainly have a sense of our percentage of revenue for these stores. It’s part of our SG&A expenses and we don’t necessarily split that out, but I can tell you that we’re very efficient in our selling as compared to the typical dealership model and that’s something we absolutely track.
Deepak Ahuja: Ben, I just want to clarify certain point, I think it’s very tempting to take the approximations that you just said did of $100 million deal as the volumes announced to come up with $38,000. It’s a simple math, but I have to say it’s very imprecise and not very useful. There are many elements to our transaction with Toyota, in addition to volume. We have partnership with them on ongoing training and support and service and warranty and there are few other things. So the analysis of cost that you mentioned is not that straightforward on a per unit basis. And furthermore for confidentiality reasons, as you can imagine we can’t share with you the price itself of the powertrain and the underlying cost to us. So, I want to just clarify that and also keep in mind that the volumes we are talking here on the Toyota program are far lower and there is an inherent design in efficiency when you are trying to develop a powertrain and make it fit in an internal combustion engine vehicle, it doesn't give us those cost savings that we get inherently from the Model S platform. When we look at the higher volumes for the Daimler program, the huge economies of scale and other design factors that help us out.
Deepak Ahuja: Yeah, the $140 million is probably what’s partially in our financial statements, Andrea there is a little bit more to it, as well as our existing Toyota agreement, which is not in our financial system and will happen over the next few years. So the number is north of that roughly in the $280 so million range. In terms of the Daimler contract, its north of that, how much, I think probably best to just wait until we mature or get to that level and talk beyond, but we just wanted to still give you some sense of scale by providing that guidance.Andrea James – Dougherty & Company LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Deepak Ahuja: I think it’s a measure of the slightly higher confidence that we have in achieving our numbers that enabled us to narrow the range.Andrea James – Dougherty & Company LLC: Okay. Thank you.
