Robyn Denholm: Thank you Rami and good afternoon everyone. Before I begin I would like to point out that we posted my detailed CFO commentary on our website prior to this call. For the first quarter of 2015, we delivered good year-over-year non-GAAP operating margin and earnings per share expansion, reflecting continued management of our cost structure and a significant reduction in our share count, while driving innovation and remaining focused on our growth strategy. We exceeded our revenue guidance range due to slightly better demand from our Cloud, Cable and European Service Providers, which points to the continued strength in the diversification of our customer base. Our underlying demand metrics were healthy this quarter with an increase in both total and product deferred revenue and a book-to-bill greater than 1. We continue to deliver on our capital return program. In the quarter, we repurchased $400 million of shares and we are reaffirming our commitment to repurchase a total of $1 billion of shares from January through June of 2015. Additionally, in the quarter we completed a $600 million bond offering enabling us to execute on our total capital return of $4.1 billion to shareholders through 2016. I’d like to provide our perspective on the proposed merger between Nokia and Alcatel-Lucent as it relates to the Juniper business. Our partners are a key component of our go-to-market strategies. The majority of that revenue is either resold or distributed through our partners. We have a good relationship with Nokia and in 2014, they resold approximately $190 million of Juniper products and services. Our strategy is to be the worldwide leader in network innovation and to deliver products and services that really matter to our customers. Irrespective of the router market, we have direct relationships with our large end-user customers. Moving on to the foreign currency fluctuations, the pricing environment remains competitive and we take into account currency fluctuations in our pricing strategy. As a reminder, we primarily price an invoice in U.S. dollars. And as a result, we have not seen a significant translation impact on our revenue from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. On the cost side and the balance sheet, we have a hedging program in place to reduce the variability associated with currency fluctuations. Now, let’s take a look at some of various assumptions behind our outlook for Q2 and the demand environment for the second half of 2015. We expect continued momentum from our cloud and cable customers. We also expect further growth throughout the year from our international customers as they continue to build out the network. In addition to these trends, we expect an improvement in demand from our large U.S. carrier customers in the second half of the year. Based on all of these factors, we expect to see an improvement in our revenue in the second half of 2015 relative to both the second half of 2014 and the first half of 2015. You can find the detailed outlook for Q2 in the CFO commentary available on our website. In summary, I am pleased with our performance in Q1 and I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper’s success. And now, I’d like to open the call for questions for the remainder of the hour.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, Amitabh, in terms of the commentary what I said was that, we expect the second half of 2015 in aggregate of it is going to be above the first half of 2015 as well as the second half of 2014. I am not expecting a different trajectory Q3 to Q4 versus what we’ve seen in the past.
Robyn Denholm: So clearly in the first quarter, we did have very good results in our EMEA business. It was actually up year-over-year. In terms of the pricing impact, it is a competitive market and we continue to take into account the currency impact on our customers budgets, if you like, as opposed to just our own product pricing. And so it is a factor that we’ve dealt within the past and we will continue to deal with it. Obviously, going forward, we factored in what we believe will be the impact from currency into the guidance that I have given you for the second quarter and then also more in terms of the color for the second half of the year as well.
Robyn Denholm: Thanks, Pierre. I think that is a good question. I mean from our perspective, obviously, what we control is actually our relationships with our customers, our end-user customers. In terms of the profile of that $190 million for 2014, it was both product and services; it was actually routing, switching, and security, in those numbers. Clearly, there is some overlap in terms of routing with the Alcatel-Lucent portfolio as and when this transaction closes and so that will take some time. So, we believe that there is an opportunity to continue to partner on those areas where we don’t overlap. And then, obviously, the services contracts continue over time with those end-user customers. And the profile of the revenue products versus services is roughly the same as the overall Juniper profile in terms of overall percentage.
Robyn Denholm: So, Ehud, I will address the second part of the question and then Rami can address the first part around customer consolidation. So in terms of the new product ramps to revenue, obviously, we are very focused on doing that. And Rami went through the number of steps that we need to do in terms of getting the products out and then also having them certified for the networks and that type of thing. We have not put out nor are we going to put out a number in terms of the quantity of revenue to expect. What we would do is give you progress as we incur design wins and that type of thing. But in terms of an overall number, it’s included in our outlook for the second half of the year and it will be modest this year in terms of any revenue impact.
Robyn Denholm: So that is actually to do with the settlement that we reached in first quarter in relation to our proxy.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah, thanks, Rami. I think, firstly, I’m very pleased with the cost performance in the quarter and also the year-over-year declines that we’ve actually achieved this quarter in terms of the cost. I think also just amplifying what Rami said, I mean, clearly, we put out in October that 25% is still our goal in terms of operating margin over this next three-year period. And we are focused on doing that in a balanced way. We want to make sure that we continue to invest in the future of the company, which is obviously the innovation that we are delivering to market. And we will, as Rami said, grow OpEx outside of this year slower than we grow our revenue. And so that’s how we will continue to expand operating margins just like we did in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis. So that is our strategy and we are continuing to do that. So the other side of that tale is that we are always looking for cost improvements, a lot of those will be invisible because you have to actually take cost out to even keep it flat in any sort of environment. So we are very focused on the cost side, but in a very balanced way.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah, and if I can just add as well, Mark, you know the work that [indiscernible] go-to-market side is also obviously yielding results and if you look at our strategy more deeply in terms of the vertical focus that we have, it’s obviously clearly focused on those customers that differentiate the network or run their business on the network across cloud, cable, carriers, as well as strategic verticals in enterprise and government. And so we are very pleased with that. And partnering is a key element of making sure that we continue to get the growth rates from a revenue perspective and continue to drive operating margin expansion as well.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, I think cash flow generation is a core strength of the business model that we have here at Juniper. I think that operating cash flow in particular does follow the operating margin and the expansion of that will obviously lead to more cash per revenue dollar being generated. And so we are very pleased with our cash flow for the first quarter and even for the whole of last year and that enabled us to continue to drive the investments that we need going forward and also deliver a healthy return for our shareholders in terms of the capital returns that we’ve been committed to.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, I agree with obviously everything Ramey said there. I would also point out and I mentioned it in my CFO commentary that we actually had a good routing quarter in Q1 in enterprise as well and that just speaks to not only the diversification of the revenue, but some of the key strategic pivots that we made last year around the data center. So, obviously, in enterprise as well as in cloud data centers in the service provider world there is an element of routing that’s in those solutions as well. And so we are pleased by that performance. We saw some good wins and some good revenue on the enterprise side of routing as well as the SP side. But to confirm, we do expect service provider routing to improve through the year as well.
Robyn Denholm: And just to underscore that I made the comment before about routing and datacenter and the enterprise. The same was true in the quarter for security. The high-end was up again, nothing to write home about yet because it was flat overall. SRX fled overall sequentially. However, the area that did grow nice was actually the datacenter space in the enterprise in this quarter. So, it’s early days, but our overall aim for this year is to create stability in that business this year and then go from there.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. I just want to add one more point Vijay. I think the diversification of the revenues, the core strengths of ours and this quarter one of the stats I will leave you with is of that top 10 customers in the quarter, 5 were carriers, 3 were outside of North America. We had four customers in the top 10 that were either cloud or cable and one enterprise customer. So, to me that is - it is really good in terms of the diversification and it is not something that happened over night. That’s been work in progress by the team for quite some time. It speaks to the strength on the go-to-market side as well as the relevance of the products across multiple customer types and so we are pleased that with that progress.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So, OpEx as we’ve talked about before for this year, for 2015 we have set a goal of $1.9 billion plus or minus $25 million. As we move forward, we said earlier that we’re committed to the 25% operating margin over the next three years. As we grow revenue, OpEx as a percentage of revenue, will start to come down. And so, we’ve talked about that for quite some time. The structural actions that we took last year and the cost areas that we continue to work on are a testament to that. So we are committed to doing that in a balanced way so that we can continue to grow the business over the long term.
Robyn Denholm: Okay. Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your participation and your great questions. Before I close, I just want to give a head up for the Juniper IR and SG&A team that worked out the new format for today’s call. We hope you found it helpful and we love to hear your feedback. Thanks everyone. Talk to you soon.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Let me start – sorry, Amitabh, I think we got the question first. Thanks for the question, and I’ll start and then I’ll pass it over to Robyn. The first question about conviction with respect to the second half, the really two elements to the guidance that we have provided or the outlook we provided. First and foremost, we remain very close to all of our service provider customers including those that are here in Northern America. So we obviously have good visibility into projects that we are working on together. We have as good visibility into the trends that are happening in the industry, similar visibility to what you see. And based on that, I would say that, yes, we are pretty confident in the improvement in spending and a demand in the second half of this year. The second element I think to your question that’s equally important is the fact that we expect to see continued diversification of our business across all of our key verticals. So Q1 was another really good quarter in terms of the traction that we saw with cloud providers and cable operators. And clearly, these are very strategic verticals where our engagement with customers are happening on an ongoing basis and we feel good about the strength and our position in the industry if you will, our competitive position relative to these verticals in the second half. And Robyn, I’ll it to you for the rest.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Thanks, Amitabh. First, I feel really good about the products and the announcements that we just unveiled to the industry. These are obviously technologies that we have been working on very diligently over the last several years and Q1 was honestly very exciting for us business we finally had an opportunity to announce to everybody what it is that we’ve up to. And as you know, they really touch all of our different business areas in switching, routing and security. I have to sort of just remind everybody that, yes, these products all go through their normal certification cycles. We have to first get them out of the market. So right now we are all working around the clock to make sure that we get them into our customers’ hands and ready for deployment, crossing all of the tees and diving the eyes if you will on the testing that needs to happen right now. I expect the first products that hit the market will be the switching products and there I think the ramp will be sooner just based on the availability of that product to that market followed by the enhancements that we’ve made to the PTX product line that happens in the Q3 timeframe.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Sure Simona. Thanks for the question. First, on the overhang effect that you are talking about, we’ve gone through product transitions at Juniper now a number of times. So we obviously are aware and always factor into our projections and our plan, the potential for any sort of an overhang effect. But that said, I am just going to drill one level deeper. We’ve been talking to our customers about these innovations for quite a long time now. In fact, with many of our customers, we’ve developed these products with direct input and guidance from them. So it’s not going to be new news for them. Secondarily in the – let’s say the routing demand with the PTX. Here, our customers have actually really liked the fact that we are continuing to invest in this product line and so they know they have the peace of mind if you will that they can continue to purchase it and have the ability to upgrade in the future when their capacity require them. On the switching side, I would say the overhang effective slim to none because of the fact that this essentially addresses the gap that exist in our portfolio as opposed to something that replace of the product line that already in the market. On the – your follow-up question, on 25 gig and some of these newer interface speed, we haven’t gone out externally and talked about specific products. All I’ll say for now is that actually this is an important topic for us in the company. We understand what our customers’ requirements are with respect to various different inter phase speeds and we are building that into our roadmap.
Rami Rahim: Okay, great. Thank you, Pierre. Okay. So, certainly, we see the industry dynamics that are panning out right now. Consolidation is one of those industry dynamics and difficult to predict, but, yes, it could continue going forward. There are other dynamics that are happening as well. There are transformational architectural shifts that are happening right now across the industry, of a movement towards cloud-based service delivery, value delivery to the end users whether that’d be residential or business end uses. And honestly I believe that there is a need for a company that’s going to be really laser focused on developing the types of IP innovation that are necessary to get our customers to make this transition. That’s the role that we play in this company. That’s the role we play at Juniper. So the net of it is there is no change to our strategy, our strategy remains one of delivering and competing based on the merit of our technology and on achieving scale through really effective partnerships. With respect to Nokia, Robyn addressed in her opening remarks, we have deep direct relationships with all of the customers that we work with whether they go through Nokia or not, and we have a variety of other partners to choose from as well in taking our innovation to market. As far as the second part of your question with respect to potential M&A for Juniper, I have said in the past and I still do believe that our strategy to innovate is going to be largely organic, but with the potential to augment it with some M&A activity. Right now the focus is primarily on getting the products that we’ve announced out the door, but at some point it will probably make sense for us to think about M&A to complement that and we continue to do that as part of our ongoing strategic process.
Rami Rahim: Thanks, Robyn. On the question regarding cable, first, I will remind everybody that cable is one of our key strategic vertical that we are focusing on and measuring ourselves against in terms of performance of the business. We enjoy a really strong relationship on both sides of the potential merger, you talked about Comcast and Time Warner, and we continue to do so. We’re working very closely with them on the variety of different projects. I personally engage with executives on both sides. So, honestly, whether it happens or not is a very neutral thing for us, it doesn’t change the importance of the vertical for us, it doesn’t change our investment level that we would put into the vertical to make sure that we remain aligned with the innovations that we are introducing into the market. And I will say that some of the new products that we have just talked about were developed with explicit and detailed feedback about the requirements for the cable industry. We know what they want, we know what kind of performance, the capabilities, the feature set that is required to build out their networks, and I feel confident that they are actually going to play out very well for the vertical.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks, Mark. You know last year was a busy year and a tough year quite frankly because we have to make some difficult decisions about which particular product areas we are going to remain in and which ones we would divest and which ones we would unwind. That work is effectively behind us at this point in time. So I feel very good right now that we are not stretching ourselves too thin, that we are investing in areas and investing sufficiently in the markets that we are playing in in order to differentiate, to compete and to win. It’s that simple. So at this point, the focus really is on the focus in our strategy that we have to grow top line and we’ll go from there. We are in execution mode.
Rami Rahim: Yes, Rod, you are absolutely right, there is a transformation that’s happening right now in the industry where the packet world if you will and the optical world that are moving closer together, you are also right about the velocity at which that’s happening. It’s not happening very fast there are all sorts of non-technology barriers that are in the way that will prevent it from moving fast. As far as our own strategy, we do have a small, but very effective optical team in-house to Juniper that I do expect will grow over time that has the capability of taking off-the-shelf optical components that are available to anybody really and integrated them into our routing products, but I also do believe that where most of the innovation is going to be on the packet optical convergence topic. It is going to be in software, it is going to be around the ability to look across layers and to make optimal decisions how to move information from place A to place B, leveraging optical and packet technology as efficiently and effectively as possible. And we have now a product called the NorthStar controller, which is essentially our WAN SDN controller that does exactly that. Honestly, I think we have some of the best minds in the industry right now that have developed algorithms that have the ability to optimize these pass across layers in a way that is very meaningful to our customers and we are engaging with a number of different customers on these products. It is still early days, early stages, but I’m encouraged by the progress that we are making.
Rami Rahim: Yeah thanks Jeff. So, our goal for this year as I stated last quarter is around stabilizing the security business, if you take a look at our SRX business in Q1, it was more or less flat with Q4. The part of the business that’s in decline and that will continue to be in decline is going to be the legacy ScreenOS business. We’re still in working progress mode if you will on security. I did mention that we pivoted our strategy, we’re not working on a security strategy that’s very highly aligned with the rest of our product portfolio and offering to main level solutions to have a strong security element to our customers and we are executing on a very high leverage engineering strategy. So, just last week in fact we announced the industry’s fastest firewall that’s 2 terabits per second. For cloud operators they are trying to protect massive cloud infrastructure and for mobile operators that are trying to protect the mobile users, their mobile infrastructure that’s very, very meaningful and it’s only possible because of the silicon innovations that we’ve already developed in-house for our other product lines and it just demonstrates the power of the synergies if you will from a cost standpoint that exist in the organization. So, in summary we are focusing on a narrow part of the market. It’s the network security space, tightly aligned with the rest of our products and we believe that we can in fact innovate to differentiate and win there. It’s just going to take a bit of time.
Rami Rahim: Well as CapEx improves for services providers I expect that to help all of our business, I don’t know whether specifically for this second half it will have an effect on security. We haven’t broken that out in that way. The enhancements that we are making right now to our Juno Space security products, I want to make clear are certainly very compelling for the service provider space, but it is also compelling for large scale enterprises, so those that are building large enterprise clouds will benefit from the performance and scale that we are adding. And of course it doesn’t stop there, we’re also continually enhancing our virtual security products and assets, which is very meaningful for the enterprise space because at the end of the day breaches will always happen, you are always going to be able to overcome any security barrier you put as a parameter, once that happens the key is to prevent the spread of Malware inside of the enterprise and our reversal security products are now being used by enterprises to do exactly that. So, yes our strategy is very much around SP and enterprise. The scale and performance helps both. Certainly more on the SP and the cloud infrastructure space, but also in the enterprise side and finally virtualization is something that will certainly help both SP and enterprise.
Rami Rahim: Hi Vijay. Look we haven’t broken that out. We can consider doing that at point. I will say that the fact that we are seeing strength in cloud and cable and government is not an accident, it’s a deliberate part of our strategy. So, we are in fact listening very closely in making sure that we weave in the requirements from all the customers in these verticals into our products. And I feel good that that’s going to continue. I mean I will tell you again that the products that we have just announced that will be shipped throughout this year were all developed with a deep understanding of specific requirements in these verticals that others that might not have the strategic relationship that they have with these customers would have implemented. So, I expect that that part of the business will continue to do well and certainly the telco side will do well as there is improvement in the CapEx environment there.
Rami Rahim: Yes, sure. Thanks, Sanjiv. On the switching side, let me sort of try to breakout the business and then probably shed some light on some of the observations that you’ve made. There is a service provider and an enterprise component to our switching business. The service provider side especially as it pertains to cloud has actually performed quite well and that includes performance in the Q1 timeframe, the quarter that we just wrapped up. The enterprise side is a bit of a mixed story which is what you are seeing right now, observing right now in the numbers. Cloud as it pertains to enterprise, so private cloud type deployment as well as enterprise IT datacenters has actually done quite well. So that area of the business just I think because of the focus and some of the newer product introduction has helped us grow in that area of the business. On the campus side, you have to understand that we’ve just sort of done a bit of a campus pivot in our switching business or in our strategy all up that includes taking some of the products that we had in-house, take our SSL VPN business, our Pulse business, the wireless LAN business and we pivoted there to a partnership approach. And I think that that strategy needs to play out over a number of quarters before we get to some sort of stability and return to growth if you will. Once that happens, I think that will create the environment if you will for all of growth in switching. Last but not least, clearly we have been competing even in the datacenter without a complete portfolio of products which we are just about to plug if you will with the innovations in the QFX 10K product line that we have just announced and we’ll start to introduce for our customers in the middle of the year. That gives me more confidence again that I think that switching can be a good growth engine for the company going forward.
Rami Rahim: We don’t break it down but I will say that they both represent pretty meaningful portions of the overall switching business, Ittai.
Rami Rahim: Well, I mean at the end of the day these are just words and it’s the numbers that are going to have to prove our thesis if you will of our competitiveness in this space. But all I’ll tell you is that, we have learned tremendously, tremendously from the lessons of introducing the products into the market that are in the market today whether they’d on the EX side or the QFabric side and so forth. And we have taken all of those lessons and applied them over the last couple of years as we were developing these new products into the development of those product lines. And we have now been talking to many of our customers about this product line for quite some time and so far what we’ve heard from them and in fact some of the them had early access to the products and in terms of an ability to actually kick the tyres on them. The feedback has been quite encouraging. Now we have a lot of work to do to finish up testing, ramp up production and get these products into the market. We are doing exactly that right now. But I feel really good about the prospects of this product line.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Fortunately, I don’t consider this as a hole at least not right now. Now, things could evolve in certain ways but at this point in time, I am very close to the Aruba executive team. I’ve talked to their CEO. That partnership continues. The foundation of that partnership is one that is based on open interfaces between our technology and their technology. So having the ability for our customers to choose battery technology is fundamental. And anybody that lose side of that will lose just because our customers will not accept anything else. And I think that’s the thing that makes this solution a) long lasting, but more importantly or just is importantly it gives our customers the ability to interchange either at Juniper or the Aruba side with different types of technologies.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks, Brian. Let me start, yes, we are pleased with our enterprise performance at least from a sequential standpoint. There are a couple of dynamics here. First and foremost is from a industry vertical standpoint, the government is actually helping here. We are seeing good strength in some projects that we have with the government agencies and this helps us and switching helps us and routing it also helps us to some extent and security as well. Beyond that, the focus that we have on this transformation that’s happening towards cloud based service delivery is very important. So we are working right now with a large Fortune 500 company and building out their cloud infrastructure around the globe. And that is a testament to the strength that we have in our MetaFabric architecture and the switching product that we’ve introduced into the market. It’s also a beautiful example of how security ties in really effectively to complete the cloud solutions that we offer to our customers. I expect that to continue.
