Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start by discussing our second quarter results, then provide some color on our outlook. We ended the second quarter of 2023 with $1.430 billion in revenue, above the midpoint of our guidance and up 13% year-over-year. We delivered non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.58, towards the high-end of our guidance range driven by higher-than-expected revenue and gross margin. From a customer solutions perspective, on a year-over-year basis, AI-driven Enterprise led the way with revenue growth of 63%. Automated WAN solutions grew 3% and cloud-ready data center revenue was flat. Looking at our revenue by vertical, on a year-over-year basis, Enterprise increased 38%; Service Provider increased 1% and Cloud decreased 6%. Total software and related services revenue was $318 million, which was an increase of 49% year-over-year. ARR was $319 million, and grew 37% year-over-year. We were pleased to see nearly 60% year-over-year growth in our SaaS and software license subscription portion of our deferred revenue. We remain confident in our outlook for total software and ARR growth. Total security revenue was $168 million, up 6% year-over-year, due to the timing of shipments related to improved supply. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, six were Cloud, three were Service Provider and one was in Enterprise. Our top 10 customers accounted for 27% of our total revenue as compared to 34% in the second quarter of 2022. Non-GAAP gross margin was 58.3%, which was above the midpoint of guidance, primarily driven by favorable software revenue mix and higher revenue volume, partially offset by higher inventory-related expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased 10% year-over-year, primarily due to headcount-related costs, but were flat sequentially. Non-GAAP operating margin was 16.9% for the quarter, which was above our expectations, driven by higher revenue and better-than-expected gross margin. Cash flows from operations were $343 million, which was benefited by approximately $200 million in deferred federal tax payments that will be paid later in the year. We paid $70 million in dividends, reflecting a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per share. We also repurchased $120 million worth of shares in the quarter. We exited the second quarter of 2023 with total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $1.3 billion. Despite the challenging macro-environment, our results for Q2 were very strong, and I'm pleased with our team's dedication and commitment. Now I would like to provide some color on our guidance, which you can find detailed in the CFO commentary available on our Investor Relations website. For the third quarter, we expect to see continued weakness in orders, particularly with our Cloud and, to a lesser extent, our Service Provider customers. We believe the softness in orders is largely attributable to customer digestion of previously placed orders and certain projects being pushed to future periods. We expect the macro-environment to remain challenged which may continue to impact customer spending. These factors are negatively impacting our revenue expectations. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to modestly increase sequentially in the third quarter 2023. This forecast assumes supply-chain related cost improve but remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. We will continue to manage non-GAAP operating expenses prudently and expect a sequential decline in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter of 2023. Turning to our expectations for the rest of 2023. As mentioned previously, we experienced weaker-than-expected order activity in the second-quarter, particularly with our Cloud and to a lesser extent our Service Provider customers. We expect this weakness to continue into the second-half of the year. As such, we are amending our full-year revenue guidance to approximately 5% to 6% growth. However, we are raising our non-GAAP gross margin guidance from approximately 58% to greater than 58% on a full-year basis, primarily driven by anticipated improvements in supply chain costs. Additionally, we still expect to deliver non-GAAP operating margin expansion of greater than 100 basis points as the benefit from higher non-GAAP gross margin and prudent non-GAAP operating expense management should offset the impact of lower revenue. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to grow double digits in 2023. Our long-term financial objectives have not changed. We plan to deliver sustainable revenue growth, improved operating margin and earnings expansion over time. Finally. I am pleased to announce we have declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 per share to be paid this quarter to stockholders of record. In closing, I would like to thank the Juniper team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper’s success, especially in this dynamic environment. Now I'd like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Yeah. From a linearity perspective, I'm actually going to answer a couple of things. First from our Q2 orders, the weakness in orders really showed up late in the quarter. So that was something that happened late in the quarter. And our current visibility is that the second half of the year are also going to be down as compared to our previous expectations in the Cloud and to a lesser degree, Service Providers. So it really did kind of show up late in the quarter. I do want to touch on linearity for next year as well. I do believe it's going to be more of a back-end loaded year, a little bit different than, say, this year. So the first half of next year is going to be, I would say, particularly challenged from a growth opportunity perspective. And full year growth is too early to call. It is possible, but there's a lot of moving parts there. But I would set up a back-end loaded year, given the current situation we see and the weakness we see now is likely to bleed into the first half of next year. The other question you asked a little bit on, Alex, was pricing. We really didn't notice a material change in pricing activity. It's always been a very competitive pricing environment. It's kind of deal to deal, hand-to-hand combat in many ways. So it's really nothing to call out from a more holistic point of view on the pricing side.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So just to clarify, I was mentioning that at the end of the quarter orders, the weakness showed up late in the quarter. So actually, our orders were weaker at the end of the quarter than we would have expected as we started the quarter. So linearity was not back-end loaded. In fact, it didn't come in as strong as we thought it would over the last few weeks of the quarter from a bookings perspective.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So our hardware and maintenance business really is an installed base business. So although current period in revenue and recent period revenue obviously matters, it really is about the installed base. And we have seen significant strength in that business over the last several years, where it's been growing pretty routinely, maybe not as much as product when product is growing well, but it grows -- it still grows even when products has a down period. So it's a pretty stable business that's growing in line with our expectations, to be honest with you. There is a shift happening as well to more software. So when you isolate just hardware maintenance and support, you are kind of underestimating that the true power of our services business, which is on the software side, which shows up in a different line item.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So we still expect to exit the year on an elevated level, about 2x normal. And we define normal historically as -- we were $400 million plus or minus a bit for quite a period of time. So I'm talking about maybe the middle to the high end of that $500 million to $1 billion range that you talked about, $800 million, plus or minus $100 million or $200 million would be where I'd expect our backlog to exit for the end of the year. So still elevated. To date, it's been coming down fairly proportionately across all verticals. We entered the year with a pretty balanced backlog as compared to what our revenue is. That said, I think we'll exit the year with a little bit more in the Enterprise side, and we'll probably burn through the Cloud backlog at a little faster rate than the other verticals, given some of the weakness that we've mentioned on the new orders.
Ken Miller: Yeah, we did see a modest improvement from last quarter on a year-over-year basis, and we expect modest -- we expect improvement going forward. And we could return to growth as soon as Q4. So yes, we are -- we did see some modest improvement. So that's in line, I think, with kind of where you are.
Ken Miller: Yeah. On the gross margin side, we are starting to see some recovery in those costs. I would point to logistics, in particular, that we're seeing some recovery there as well as some of the expedite fees. I still think there's 70 basis points, maybe a little more, maybe a little less, impact to supply constraint costs. So there's still opportunity for it to get better. The other thing I would add is we did call out -- I called out in my prepared remarks, we are seeing some higher inventory-related expenses that were in Q2, and I expect some of those to persist into the second half, but that's been factored into the guidance that we provided on gross margin.
Ken Miller: Yes. So with the commentary next year, just to be clear, we are not providing an outlook for 2024. We're trying to provide you with the puts and takes, right? And we do think Enterprise -- that is the one outlook we did provide. We do expect to grow Enterprise next year given the strength of our products and the differentiation we enjoy there. But Cloud and SP, way too early to call, therefore, too early to call the aggregate number. For this year, the rest of it really is just about Q3, what we're providing guidance for and really Q4. And we did provide a range, 5% to 6% for the full year. I do think that's -- based on current visibility, we feel comfortable with that guidance. We still have the elevated backlog that I mentioned earlier. That really does drive a good chunk of the revenue that we're going to recognize for the rest of the year. So it's just really the visibility we have now, we felt comfortable with that type of a range given where we are in the year.
Ken Miller: Yeah, let me add some specificity to the backlog. So we have talked about we ended the last quarter Q2 at approximately 3 times number of levels. We're between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion, right? That would be our current backlog position between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion. And I do still expect to exit the year at approximately 2 times. I'm using $400 million as my average. So that means approximately $800 million. So currently, $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, expect to exit the year at approximately $800 million. That does presume a bit of a slowdown in the second half as compared to the first half. But that's at -- that's obviously based on our expectations of shipments and bookings for the rest of the year.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So I do expect this year, we'll exit with elevated. I think the proportion will be more Enterprise versus how we entered the year, which was more proportional to our revenue. That said, our revenue is also starting to slag much more towards Enterprise as well. So that backlog is getting the bookings growth. So the decline in that backlog is less than the other verticals, which are actually declining on a year-over-year basis from a bookings perspective, revenue is holding up a little bit better, particularly Service Provider revenue, which is up on a first half basis. So yes, we are burning a little bit more in those two verticals as compared to our Enterprise vertical.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Simon. I think the biggest issue right now that we're facing in the Cloud provider segment is the period of digestion. It's not specific to any one customer. It's broad-based It's not even just hyperscalers. It includes the Cloud Major segment as well. To the question around AI and it being a priority, I definitely see it. There is no doubt that our Cloud customers are focusing pretty intensely on artificial intelligence, making sure that they're equipped to deal with the additional services they're going to be offering and the demand that's going to place on their network while in the short term that might have a bit of a negative impact, I think to your point in the long term, it's actually quite attractive for us for two reasons. To the extent that AI is a new killer app that's going to be offered by cloud providers to their customers, it's going to result in an increase of traffic across the board, in areas in the wide area where we have significant footprint and, of course, in the data center. And I do think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that it could offer a nice new opportunity for us to participate in, in the data center with AI clusters being built increasingly over time with Ethernet as an alternative to what is today the technology of choice which is InfiniBand. That said, the timing to your question is -- it's difficult to call right now, but it's really in the several quarters.
Rami Rahim: Sure. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so for the guidance, the reduction in revenue expectation for the year is largely Cloud. Right? I would say to a to a lesser degree, Service Provider, but the vast majority of that reduction would be attributable directly to our Cloud business. On a on a year-to-date basis, our cloud business is down 10%. I think it's likely that it ends the year down double digits. And really due to the weakness we saw in orders late in Q2 as well as what we expect to see for the rest of the year. So the vast majority of that is Cloud. I believe our Service Provider business will stay within kind of our guidance range of plus or minus 2%. So that's going to be largely intact with our long-term model. And Enterprise clearly way ahead of our long-term model and I expect it to remain way ahead as we exit the year. So the revenue decline is really mostly a Cloud phenomenon. From a backlog perspective, clearly backlog is coming down as we expected it to this year. I'll tell you it came down a little bit more than we expected given that the order weakness that we called out in Q2. So backlog is coming down. However, it still remains about 3x, what we would normally expect in kind of a pre-pandemic historical level. And I expect to exit the year -- I still expect to remain elevated as we exit the year at approximately 2x kind of normal historical level. So it's coming down quickly, but it still remains quite elevated. It is going to put some pressure on 2024 revenue growth. The backlog is a tailwind in 2023. It would be a headwind to 2024 at the backlog, but we will not have as elevated backlog entering next year as we did this year. It's going to require us to have a recovery in bookings and orders. The good news is I expect that we will have a recovery in orders. I expect next year to be a strong bookings year for all of our verticals as we kind of go through this backlog digestion period and react to the current lead time. So this year is obviously putting a lot of pressure on bookings. It's resulting in a declining backlog. I think next year would be a little more normal, but bookings will drive revenue growth.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks for the question, Tim. Yeah. So I'm obviously very pleased with the performance of our Enterprise business. And really, this is in the face of macro-related headwinds. Enterprise is now our largest, our fastest growing segment in Q2 with over 45% of total revenue. The level of differentiation that we have in our Enterprise portfolio has never been stronger. You see it in the numbers. Our AI driven Enterprise business grew at over 60%, Mistified revenue grew at over approximately 100% year-over-year and we also saw some really encouraging signs with Apstra in the data center, specifically again for the Enterprise. The question around -- really it's around durability. What happens if there were going to be sort of signs of weakness in the market? I'd just say that the Enterprise market if it was -- it's -- there are headwinds in the in the market today. Absent those headwinds, we'd actually be doing even better. We'd be posting even better results than we have right now. And as a -- just a point of consideration, take a look at how our Enterprise business performs even during the early days of the pandemic where peers in the industry were not seeing growth we were seeing growth. And that was through new logos, share taking, which is really happening right now. I'm very encouraged with the forward-looking metrics, things like 30% growth in new logos, deal registration up 40%. This is really an indication of how much opportunity our channel partners are bringing to Juniper, commercial business up at over 40%. This is -- these are signs I believe of success to come in the Enterprise. So for that reason, I'm encouraged by the business traction thus far, revenue growth and order growth this year, and it's I think fairly easy to call revenue growth for next year in the Enterprise.
Rami Rahim: Maybe I'll start with the 2024 view and then, Ken, I'll let you comment a little bit more about linearity and pricing. And Alex, I appreciate the question. So it's a little too early to provide guidance on 2024 all up, especially given some of the digestion that we're seeing in the cloud and to a lesser extent in the SP segment. However, I do think it is possible for us to grow revenue in 2024, and I'll just walk you through just some of the puts and takes to that. Backlog draws, Ken just mentioned in 2023 creates a pretty meaningful revenue headwind for us in 2024. So if you think about it, orders would need to accelerate from here to overcome the backlog related headwind that this year is presenting to next year. Now the good news is we do expect orders to grow and in fact to accelerate for the full year in ‘24. And in fact, we see the order growth to happen across all customer segments, in Cloud, in SP and in Enterprise. And the Enterprise, as I just mentioned, which is the bulk of our business continues to do well today both from an order and the revenue standpoint, it's very easy to call revenue growth for Enterprise next year. Cloud and SP, I’d just say it's a little bit too early for us to call right now. Orders will accelerate. We don't know if they're going to accelerate fast enough to overcome the backlog related headwinds for next year. So the summary, what I would say is, so while 2024 full year revenue growth is possible, it really is going to depend on the timing of order recovery for Cloud and SP. And I would say, I'm sure Ken would say this if I don't, we're committed to both margin and EPS growth next year in 2024 irrespective of what Cloud and SP does.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, I appreciate the question, David. I think the biggest factor right now that's impacting our Cloud business is digestion. It's just unprecedented order growth over the last couple of years now being followed by a period where they need to work through the products that they've ordered, they need to receive them, they need to deploy them, and then revenue will catch up. Orders -- or recovery in revenue will catch up afterwards. As I mentioned earlier, there definitely is a lot of attention and maybe even some diversion of capital investments to AI clusters, GPUs, that sort of thing. And yes, I think that can have a short-term negative impact, not the biggest impact. Again, it's not as big, I would say, nor as near as big as that -- just of digestion. But the long-term impact of that AI cluster investment, in my view, is a net positive. And this is true for areas of the Cloud provider network where we have significant market share in hyperscale WAN, for example, but it also presents opportunities for Juniper to participate in a AI cluster Ethernet networking, which I believe becomes more dominant in time.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. So to answer the second part of the question first, no, we do not believe this is a market share issue. Just keep in mind that in hyperscale, our dominant footprint is in the wide area. So it is very much around sort of capital intensity, specifically for wide area investment and so on. The first part of your question, the answer is yes. I mean, it did intensify. We obviously had some expectation of how long the period of digestion would take, how long it would take to deploy new projects and it has elongated. Having said that, it's important to say that projects that we have been working on and competing for remain intact. We have not seen Cloud providers cancel projects. 400-gig deployments in the wide area, for example, remain incredibly important, especially with cloud providers having to invest in new AI capabilities. Ultimately, that's going to generate more demand, traffic growth on their network across every use case. And the projects that were in place might have moved out in time, but they have not been eliminated. And it continues to be an intense area of focus for us at Juniper.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So I mean, it's looking great, honestly. I mean the level of innovation and just the sophistication of the silicon technology that we've developed, and the latest express silicon looks just absolutely remarkable. Customers that have had an early view of what we've developed, are incredibly excited about it. I believe from a market fit standpoint, it absolutely is addressing some of these big cloud provider use cases that I just discussed, and we're getting close. So stay tuned.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks, Meta. So the period of elongation has been mostly at Cloud, to a lesser extent in SP. You are right, we have won, we've secured new projects over the last year or two that we have mentioned on these earnings calls. And even there, where we have started deployments, some of the deployments have just moved out in time. So it applies to areas where we have existing footprint and net new wins where we've started to see some benefit, but maybe not as much benefit as we would have otherwise enjoyed had these -- had this elongation not taken place. And again, it's mostly a Cloud phenomenon to a lesser extent, in the SP. And then the second part of the question, I'll leave it to Ken on the gross margin.
Rami Rahim: Okay. So the optimism, I would say, is not just rooted in Ethernet being sort of the technology of choice for AI clusters, that's a component of it. But the optimism really is around the fact that traffic growth in Cloud providers continues to grow. Digestion can't happen forever. Eventually, they're going to deplete through their inventory and they're going to -- and Cloud providers are going to need to invest in their networks. To the extent that they invest in the wide area, we will benefit from that just based on our footprint. And then in the data center, as you know, we've got a very good footprint in the top 10 and on the broader cloud majors. And I would add to that, and it's in addition that AI clusters moving to Ethernet would present a net new opportunity for us. And to your question about why Ethernet and not InfiniBand, I mean, obviously, today, most AI clusters are built with InfiniBand. In the future, however, Ethernet present has some distinct advantages. From an economic standpoint, it's got a broader ecosystem. So it's not just Juniper. There will be a number of players. They're going to be innovating in the Ethernet space to capture the requirements of AI clusters. That means from an economic standpoint, customers that want to deploy large language model type clusters are going to benefit economically from moving to Ethernet. But I want to just highlight that this does not happen overnight. This is going to be something that will take several quarters, likely over a year or so, in order for Ethernet to start having a meaningful volume of business tied to AI cluster networking.
Rami Rahim: Well, it's mostly a Cloud provider thing. It's to a lesser extent in the Service Provider space Obviously, they're sitting on elevated inventory. When we talk about digestion, really, it means that they are drawing down that inventory and deploying it into their networks. I think your question is really getting to the timing. And we don't know with certainty at this point in time. I can tell you there's going to be several quarters before, as they draw down inventory, do that deployment and they start to see the acceleration -- and we start to see the acceleration of orders again.
