Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. Our June quarter results reflect strong sequential revenue and earnings growth. Sequentially, revenue grew across all technologies, geographies and markets. Enterprise growth of 23% quarter-over-quarter was driven by improved spending patterns following a cautious Q1. Service Provider revenue grew 6% sequentially, primarily driven by telecom deployments and an increase in revenue from cloud providers. Our services business continued to be strong, with solid growth both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, five were telecoms, four were cloud or cable providers, and one was in Enterprise. Of these customers, two were located outside of the United States. Our underlying demand metrics were healthy this quarter with product book-to-bill greater than 1.0, and a strong increase in product deferred revenue year-over-year and sequentially. In the quarter, we had cash flow from operations of $354 million, up $91 million year-over-year, and up $182 million sequentially. We repurchased $126 million of shares, and paid $38 million in dividends. Since the first quarter of 2014, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends, we have returned approximately $3.91 billion of capital to shareholders against our commitment to return $4.1 billion by the end of 2016. While I'm pleased with the overall results, the macro environment in Q2 was more challenging than we originally anticipated, and gross margins came in below our guidance. Non-GAAP gross margins were 63%, down 0.7% sequentially. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was driven by elevated pricing pressure, primarily in EMEA, as well as product mix. This was partially offset by improvements in our cost structure. While the pricing environment is challenging, we remain focused on delivering innovation and continued improvements to our cost structure. In the quarter, non-GAAP operating expenses were $494 million, which was slightly below the low end of our guidance range. This is a result of our continued focus on prudent cost discipline. Now moving on to Q3 guidance, which is detailed in our CFO commentary available on our website. We remain constructive on revenue for 2016 and expect modest growth despite the current macro environment. We will continue to prudently manage our operating expenses. However, we expect gross margins to remain approximately at their Q2 levels in the near term. As a result, we expect operating margins for the full year 2016 to decline slightly, relative to the full year of 2015. We are confident in our long-term model and remain focused on growth and operating margin expansion. The outlook assumes that the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to other currencies will remain relatively stable at current levels. I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's success. And now with that, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Great, yeah. Rami, I think you covered the elevated pricing pressure in EMEA pretty well. I'll touch on the product mix. So, an example of that that we saw in Q2 was the BTI acquisition. Although we expect the acquisition to result in neutral earnings for the year, it did have a slight negative impact to both gross margin and operating margin in the second quarter. The – an example – the product mix that hit us in Q2. In addition to that, there's a lot of different product mix contributors whether it be chassis versus line cards, our percentage of software. So, product mix could result in either headwinds or tailwinds. At this point I think it's – we're definitely not giving up on our long-term model of 64%. We're focused on delivering innovation and continuing our cost structure improvements and we'll go forward from here.
Ken Miller: Yeah, just to talk a little bit about the numbers. So to your point, the first half results was about 1% up year-on-year, half-on-half. Q3 at the midpoint of guidance is flat year-on-year at the midpoint. We're not giving Q4 guidance, but I do think we're constructive on our Q4 ability to grow sequentially, primarily because of the strength in new products and some of the other factors that Rami's mentioned. That gets us to our modest growth for the year.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so we're not going to break it out specifically, but we did guide to $10 million to $15 million for the quarter, and it came in in line with our expectations.
Ken Miller: I'll take that question. So, it's a good question. So, the way I describe it, clearly Q1 was the period of ramp; Q2 was largely the period of stability. We've made a lot of progress in Q2 on our processes and streamlining those processes. We still have a little – a few areas to still improvement upon – but for the most part the ERP stability is there. I would say, you didn't ask about DSO but some of those stability factors in invoicing did cause a few days of DSO to be higher than expected so DSO came in at 55. If you were to normalize for ERP activity, I think we'd be closer to the 50 range. But from a going forward, you're absolutely right, the focus for the second half and for next year is on value creation and optimization, leveraging the new system we have in place, and really streamlining our operation. So that is absolutely yet to come and something we're very focused on.
Ken Miller: Yeah, I'll touch on the first and the third one. From a U.S. dollar strengthening, you're absolutely right, this really isn't related to a Q2 specific change in foreign currencies. It's more of the buildup over the last few quarters over the strengthening dollar, and the fact it's starting to have an impact on our customer budgets and their ability to purchase our equipment. So it's really more of the long-term buildup of the FX concerns, or strengthening of the U.S. dollar, I should say. From a software – Rami's right – the 45% was our long-term model of services and software. Just to level set those, we're at about 3% of our business was software last year, and I would expect it to grow gradually between that, and call it 15% to 20% if you presume services remains relatively stable, software stand alone would be 3% today, to 15% to 20% by 2019 and it should progress pretty gradually between now and then. We are seeing some benefit today. We talk about product mix. There are headwinds; there are tailwinds. Albeit, it's a relatively small percentage of our revenue, it's a growing percentage and every incremental dollar in software does help us on the gross margin line.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so our current visibility from Q3 is reflected in the guidance we gave, which is 63%. So again, in line with Q2, primarily because some of the factors that developed in Q2, we see in Q3 as well. For the longer term, we're not giving Q4 guidance, but I think it's safe to expect some sequential improvement in both gross margin and operating margin in Q4. That's really our historic pattern and I would expect to drive to that in Q4 as well. We're clearly not giving up on the 64% operating model. We're working on cost innovation, cost improvements, cost structure, as well as product innovation, I should say, and making sure we sell the value of that. From a BTI perspective, I do expect BTI to ramp, and it does have a slight impact to gross margin percentage. However, I would state that the first quarter of ramp we did have some startup costs, et cetera, that as BTI scales, it will become more margin favorable than it is today as we go forward.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so we really did not experience much in the way of FX-related pricing pressure last year. We started to experience a little bit of it in Q4 of last year, but quite honestly the elevated pricing pressure that we experienced in Q2 was new to us, right? It hit us stronger than it has in the past. It's always been a very competitive environment, and we've been able to deal with that, and we expect to be able to deal with that going forward, but the Q2 pricing pressure, particularly in EMEA, was acute this quarter and that is new. The other impact, we talked about pricing pressure as well as margin. We're not breaking out exact math, but they had both roughly an equal impact to the call it traditional 64%, or our long-term model of 64% versus the 63% result. Product mix really has the ability to go either way. In this particular quarter, it cost us a couple tenths and hurt us, but we do have chassis sales out there, we can fill with line cards (51:25). We're transforming the company to more of a software stream (51:43), so we're very focused on recouping the margins that we lost in Q2, and are not coming off our long-term model.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so the cloud providers, I'll touch on that because I forgot last time. Sorry about that. In FY 2015 we talked about it being – 2016 – being 19% of the total revenue and obviously our fastest growing vertical, it gets us to nearer 25% by 2019. So that's a reminder of the cloud vertical. From a pricing and where it happened, it was really more geographic and customer-specific, I would say, than just a broad base. We did see pressure globally. I think the macro environment as it relates to this geopolitical issues, et cetera, are kind of being different in every geo, but we are seeing a bit of global pressure but really specific to EMEA and specific to certain geographies in EMEA.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so we saw pricing pressure really in all technologies. However, Security – definitely not immune from that – so we did see some pricing pressure in Security. But again, our strongest correlation was more geographic really than it was product related.
Rami Rahim: Okay, thanks, Jess, for the question. So, needless to say, we're really pleased with the performance of our Switching business all up in Q2. We saw double-digit growth both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. I think what we're seeing here is this strategy of focusing very deliberately on data centers and cloud buildouts pay off for us. In terms of verticals, strength in telcos, in cloud, and especially Q2 we saw a strong government sector as well, play out for us nicely. We have said consistently that the new products – the spine switches, the 10K switches – are mostly going to contribute to revenue in the second half, and that remains the case. There's certainly some orders and early revenue that came in in Q2 timeframe, but right now, I would characterize the situation we're in as we're competing aggressively for net new wins, new opportunities. And the nice thing that I'm observing now is that we are able to compete in opportunities that we were never able to compete in historically because of the lack of having this important part of the end-to-end Switching portfolio. Last thing I'll just say is there are some transitions that are happening in the data center space, as our customers go from 10gig and 40gig to 25gig and 100gig. I think that plays out nicely because at the end of the day, these data centers are essentially becoming high performance networking problems that are Layer 3 in nature. That's exactly the kind of really high performance problems that I think Juniper loves to solve.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, certainly it's a question that has come up. I think at the end of the day, the thing that matters the most to our customers, across all verticals, including the cloud vertical, are the capabilities of the products and the solutions themselves – from the standpoint of flexibility, Layer 3 stack capabilities, the density in performance, the price per port, et cetera. And I will just say that I am very comfortable with where we are today based on the technology decision that we have made historically that includes silicon decisions. And if you recall what I had mentioned in our last analyst event, I sort of categorized the market in three distinct buckets. There are those that care about very flexible Routing with a lot of features and a lot of flexibility and programmability; those that care more about WAN transport – wide area network transport efficiency; and those that care about cost efficiency as it pertains to Switching. And I don't think that we have ever been this strong across all three of those domains today with our product portfolio. Now, going forward, we will constantly be evaluating what we do internally in terms of developing our own silicon technology, and what we can get from merchant silicon vendors, and making the right decisions based on the capabilities that we can get externally versus that what we can do internally, and that's exactly what we're doing right now. So, net-net this is a competitive industry; we've never lost sight of that. But I'm comfortable with where we are from a technology standpoint and our ability to compete.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, let me start and I'll see if Ken wants to weigh in on this. With respect to the comments about pricing, there are no clear patterns in terms of specific customers with the exception of just saying that it's mostly focused in the EMEA region and it's mostly a result of things like foreign exchange. We're not calling this a new normal in terms of gross margins. I think there are a number of things that we can do to improve things going forward; but in the meantime, we're going to be very prudent in how we manage the business, control operating expenses, and so on. And then from a revenue standpoint, actually, what we said is that we remain constructive on the full year from a revenue standpoint, 2016 versus 2015. Where we're being a bit more cautious is on our operating margins and that's primarily as a result of the gross margin impact that we're seeing in Q2 – that we saw in Q2. But we'll continue to manage the business very prudently to protect operating margins to the extent that we can.
Rami Rahim: Sure, thanks Balaji for the questions. On the Routing, I think that we actually are encouraged by what we've seen in Routing in terms of the sequential improvement from the Q1 standpoint. And we really saw this across all geos, so that's actually something that we are happy about. I think that if you look at the Routing opportunity – oh, the last thing – the second thing I would say about Routing is just from a demand metrics standpoint, our bookings were strong. A lot of the deferred revenue that we saw in Q2 was also connected to Routing. So, that gives us confidence in the second half of the year as it pertains to Routing. Certainly, there is a cloud, there's a telco, there's a cable component to our Routing business. I feel good about the cloud component. I think that the new products are going to have a big role in the cloud provider networks. And I think that should start in the second half of the year. Telco is a bit more of a mixed message. I think if I look at the global opportunity, there are certainly good opportunities, especially in international for our Routing products. That includes the MX and the new PTX products. I think visibility for Tier 1 telcos in particular for the second half remain somewhat challenging. I think on the Enterprise side, we saw good, very good in fact, sequential recovery in Q2. That was across Switching and Routing, and I feel pretty good about that in the second half as well. So, I think there's actually quite a lot of good things happening from a Routing standpoint if you factor in the opportunities, as the refresh cycle that we're undertaking right now. Oh, and thank you for reminding me, Ken, there was a secondary question about Security. So, Security sequentially up over Q1, but certainly nowhere near what it would need to be for us to be happy or content with the performance of this business. We're disappointed in the results. I think this is the business that is right now in transition. And I expect it to be in transition for the remainder of this year. As I've always said that, it's – this transition is going to be somewhat lumpy in terms of how the business is going to perform. Last year, I'd say that the performance was better than my expectations, and it was largely driven by some large telco and cloud deployments that this year haven't really played out yet to offset some of the transitions that we are executing on in the Enterprise side. And that's where the focus is. I think we have a very compelling and competitive service provider solution for high bandwidth Security applications. That's true also for the cloud. The part of the business that requires more attention and focus, and the one that we're actually giving the attention focus to today is on the Enterprise side. The feedback that we're getting from our partners, our customers, on the roadmap, on the products that we have introduced thus far, is very encouraging, but there is still a ton of execution for us to work through, through the rest of this year, and I expect the growth to happen next year.
Rami Rahim: Well, thanks for the question, Dan. What it's going to take is more execution on our part, and a bit of time, to be honest. The Security space is a very competitive space. The thing that I think Juniper can leverage to our advantage is the fact that we're really thinking about it from a solutions standpoint. So as we go to our customers and help them build out a private cloud data center or a hybrid cloud data center, or things like on-premises cloud CPE solutions, there is a Security element to each and every one of those solutions. So, we are thinking about this from an overall architectural standpoint, how the technologies tie together, and, of course, then positioning Security along with the Routing and Switching. So, I think that's playing out already quite nicely in the cloud side. From an Enterprise standpoint, Enterprise campus, and so on, there is still some more features to develop, new hardware to release into the market, to get the cost per bit or the price per bit more competitive in the Security space. And I think next year is the year where we'll have enough critical mass to start seeing a recovery in the business.
Rami Rahim: Okay, thanks for the question, James. On the Security side, the vulnerability that you discussed is at this point largely behind us. We took the matter very seriously. We did a very thorough internal review to make sure that the vulnerability was very specific to our old legacy screen OS Security products, and made sure that there is no such effect on the – and we in fact, invited a third-party company to come in to help us with this assessment, that there is no vulnerability on the Juno side. We were open with our customers, and I think we got a lot of kudos from our customers in how we handled the situation. I'm not saying that it has had no effect, but I think that the team did a good job of minimizing any effect. Right now, I think the main issue with Security is, there is a critical mass of new products, new features, new technologies we need to get into the market to be able to go after the largest market opportunities that exist. Right now, we're competitive, but in specific areas and use cases, and we need to be competitive in a broader set of use cases in Security. That's what we're absolutely maniacally focused on. In Security, the thing you should notice, as I mentioned, there is a strong revenue synergy associated with Switching and Routing, but there's also an equally strong cost synergy because much of the innovation that we put into Switching and Routing also contributes to our Security product portfolio. On your question related to our partners, Nokia and Ericsson, there's no real new news there. I think, with both of these customers – or these partners – we have talked about how the volume of business it's still relatively a small percentage of our overall revenue as a company. It has been on the decline well before some of the acquisitions and partnerships that have been announced and that's primarily because Juniper has been taking its destiny into its own hands. So in Europe, for example, the theater that you mentioned, we have over the years been taking more and more of the Tier 1 telecom operators to a direct engagement model, and that has played out well for us in terms of the business and the strategic nature of the relationships with those customers. Net-net, I think between the deliberate strategy that we're taking to go direct with certain customers that we need to go direct, especially those that have volume of business that's large enough, as well as the partnerships that we have available today, whether it be with NEC or with Ericsson or with IBM or with Amdocs, I'm not concerned at all about our ability to reach our customers in EMEA or elsewhere in the world.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, it's actually a great question. I am extremely proud of how our team in Asia-Pacific is executing right now. Around a year, year and a half ago or so, we made some changes in that region from a leadership standpoint. From a structural standpoint, we've refocused on parts of the APAC market that we believe are first growing, second, we are best equipped to support. We have activated partnerships that are helping us in Japan. We are in the process of activating a partnership with Lenovo, as we have announced historically, that will help us in worldwide but especially in APAC and especially in China. And looking out, I think the opportunity there for further momentum and growth are there. It's still a fairly challenging market for a variety of reasons, but with solid execution, we've now have had several quarters of performance, and again, very proud of the team.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, let me take that. Just net-net, I'd say the business was probably more flattish if you look at campus Switching specifically. But let me just qualify this a bit. We have been executing at Juniper on a very deliberate strategy of focusing on where the growth is, and where we can differentiate the most in the Switching area. And that is in Enterprise IT data centers, in private cloud, in public cloud. And that's why we've seen our Switching business perform really well. We do go after campus opportunities, but we mostly limit ourselves and our focus on the largest campuses that are typically very mission-critical and on-ramps to the cloud. And we also, of course, focus on customers that are able and willing to pick best-of-breed decisions between wired and wireless, right, so we can work effectively with our wireless partners in going after that opportunity. So, I think that if you consider all that, a flattish Switching performance for campus is something that I'm actually okay with. Overall, I think the Switching business is growing, and that's a result of the deliberate strategy and the focus that we've had as a company and I think that's a very good thing.
Rami Rahim: Certainly, yeah. So this is – it's still right now in the early stages in terms of putting in place the mechanics of how we're going to go after our customers worldwide, the partners and the channels that we need to work through and agree on, and also the technology integration that we are going to execute on to make sure that we provide compelling solutions to our customers. So, I think we've said historically that we don't anticipate meaningful contribution this year, and that remains the case. I think where this is going to start to benefit both Juniper and Lenovo is next year. I remain optimistic and excited about the opportunity in working with Lenovo. As you know, there's a large part of the market that is interested in converged stack architectures and having really compelling servers, storage, and networking working tightly together is something that I think is going to be helpful to our business.
Rami Rahim: Okay, great set of questions. Let me start, and maybe I'll start with more of the 2017 competitive question that you have. First, I would say that this is not – that competitive issue around new entrants into the market introducing the sort of Routing capabilities and so forth – that's not the issue that we're seeing in the Q3 and the Q2 timeframe. Are we anticipating that this industry is going to be – continue to be competitive? Absolutely, which is why it is so important for us to continue to focus on cost of goods sold improvements in our products to innovate in the area of ensuring that we can compete very effectively in those three different use cases that I mentioned just previously, around rich Routing, lean Routing and Switching, and also to preserve our long-term targets for gross margins. And based on everything that I know, the innovations and the technology that we're developing in the company, the plans that we have going forward, I feel comfortable that that can be done. I think from a software standpoint, we had provided guidance that by the 2019 timeframe, we will see that around 45% of our overall revenue is going to come from software and services. A lot of that is going to be in the area of recurring revenue in software, and I think that certainly helps us from a gross margin standpoint. I'll let Ken talk some more to that.
Rami Rahim: Let me – an additional thing I'd like to add on the optical side as a reminder – is that we're not after building a stand-alone optical business. I think the world has enough optical technology providers. What we're out to do is to really capture an inflection point in the market around packet optical solutions that include the packet layers, the optical layers, and also very importantly, the software layers that tie all of these together. So, we're playing much more of a disruptive game in the optical space as it pertains to packet integration. You might have seen the news around Juniper joining the Telecom Infra Project with Facebook and Microsoft and others. The whole idea is to develop open, interoperable solutions in the networking domain around packet optical that I think will benefit us in the long term.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, thanks for the question, Jason. I think actually, the cloud-enabled branch solutions that we're developing are in fact a potential tailwind for us. So, as I have mentioned with respect to the telco space, and them moving, changing their architectures and moving to much more of an agile scale-out service delivery model, we want to make sure that we are in the middle of this architectural transformation that's happening. So that once they start to prove out the model and to make revenue – and to start growing their virtualized solution business, that we benefit from that. And I would say that although the revenue contribution to Juniper is still very small, the opportunity is very large in the future. And I think we are in many cases in pole position in working and developing these solutions for our customers. I know SD-WAN is sort of a very big topic these days. I think our best and most immediate opportunity is to support and help our service provider and telco customers, in developing very effective, agile, cost-competitive solutions that will help them in competing effectively with the stand-alone point player SD-WAN players that are out there. That's what we're doing, and I think that's our best strategy considering the relationships we have with our telcos and also the technology that we've developed for them.
Rami Rahim: SDN is such a broad term. If you look at SDN as it pertains to the cloud virtualization, cloud orchestration, there I'm pleased with the pace of adoption, the win rate, even if revenue is still relatively small compared to our overall revenue of the company for Contrail. What I like about it is it's a very strategic part of every sale, every engagement. It's almost entirely subscription-based recurring revenue and it's setting ourselves up for selling virtualized Security, virtualized Routing, et cetera, in the future. I think that part is moving according to plan. As far as these new cloud-enabled brand solutions, a lot of it was going to depend on the success of the telcos in making those services successful to their end customers, in particular the enterprise customers. So, we're helping them do that because we recognize that if we help them do that, and they grow that business, we will be able to grow a brand new revenue stream for the company, and that's something that I'm very excited about. I don't think it's going to happen meaningfully this year, but I'm hopeful that it'll start to contribute in a meaningful way next year.
