Rami Rahim: Sure. Thank you, Simon. So for Q1, the primary driver of the sequential growth in OpEx, the Q1 guide at $510 million really is the acquisitions that we recently closed, and that's about $20 million of OpEx in our Q1 number. We expect for the rest of the year to roughly maintain those Q1 levels around $510 million plus or minus a bit. We do anticipate there being some costs coming back into the equation when people start to travel again, et cetera, perhaps in the second half. However, I do think the new normal is still yet to be determined, and at this point I'm not expecting all the costs to come back. I think we'll be able to be conservative and basically efficient with our travel et cetera, as we move forward. So although I do expect some COVID costs to come back, we don't have a large amount baked into our current full year forecast at this time.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I'm happy to address that Simon. So this would be – 2020 would be our fourth consecutive year of growth in the enterprise vertical. So this is not a new thing for us. However, I do believe that there have been a number of strategic actions that we've taken over the last few years equipping sales and structuring sales in a way that goes after the enterprise effectively and efficiently. Our organic innovations, our inorganic acquisitions have set us up to accelerate this part of our business. So despite the challenges that we saw in 2020 as a result of COVID, we grew this vertical and we grew it nicely. I think we're taking share. I believe our technology and our differentiation has never been stronger. We've created not just market share growth and business growth, but Mindshare growth in the industry and I think we've done so with an eye on doing it as efficiently as possible by focusing on the large enterprises. So a big component of our success comes from large Fortune 500 Global 1,000 accounts where these sales investment is as efficient as it can be for that Enterprise. So, for all these reasons, I honestly, I've never felt better about our opportunity in the enterprise space.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So we clearly did experience some pretty significant supply constraints in the peak of kind of the COVID pandemic, if you will, kind of in the summer months. We think we've had material improvements since then. I would articulate that as we exited the year, we're pretty much back to normal. We might have some elevated lead times here and there, but that's more due to demand being beyond our expectation than true supply constraints. I'm very pleased with how the team has really adapted and improve the supply as we proceed. That said backlog is higher. We're exiting the year with about 20% more backlog than we entered. So we are maintaining healthy backlog as we move into this year in 2021 and really the supply constraints, extended lead times, et cetera, that we saw through most of the summer months are largely behind us at this point. I don't believe we're at a competitive disadvantage. Our team does a great job with components manufacturing and component suppliers to negotiate the supply that we need.
Rami Rahim: Certainly, Paul. So the short answer to your question is no. We have not lost share or footprint in cloud routing today, I mean, in cloud period, I should say. We saw our routing up double digit year-over-year in the Q4 timeframe. I think that is an indication of the health of the footprint that we have retained in this extremely important vertical for us. We continue to see healthy diversification within cloud both within the hyperscale cloud providers, where we enjoy footprints across practically all of them, but also among the – what we used to call Tier 2, Tier 3, which we're now calling cloud majors going forward more and more market share in that area as well. I'd also think that there is a greater diversity of technology that we're selling. So it's not just about routing, it's also about switching, it's also about security in this very important vertical. As I look out into 2021, I believe our footprint that we retain within the cloud space is going to work for us, right. We didn't anticipate any major additional share taking that's going to happen in 2021 to achieve the growth that we believe that we can achieve in 2021, but I do think that with the right focus in go-to-market, the technology that I know we have, that I know is very competitive, we can in fact take some additional share as well in this vertical.
Rami Rahim: Yes, it's a great question, Tim. Thank you. So as just a couple of data points for you to give you an indication of just how well we're doing with Mist. Our annualized order business for Mist standalone in Q4 exceeded $200 million. And if you include Mist wireless and wired, so this is EX that's sold really under the Mist automation framework on a standalone annualized order basis, it's really around 300 million already. So the momentum has been really amazing. We're going to take the playbook that we implemented in getting our sellers very proficient and being able to position the Mist differentiation, the technology, and apply that exact same playbook to the acquisitions that we've made last year. 128 and Apstra in particular, which are mostly suited for the enterprise, but have applicability in other verticals as well. With 128, it is a really unique differentiated SD-WAN solution that fits beautifully under the Mist client to cloud vision, right, where you're extracting data insights telemetry from everything in the path between client to cloud and you're doing something really interesting with that data, which is to provide insights and improve the automation and improve the end user experience for our customers. Apstra takes this experience first networking approach that we know has worked so effectively in the campus in client to cloud and apply this to the data center. So, honestly, early interest in Apstra, although we just closed the deal yesterday has been like exceeded our expectations at this point. The pipeline we're building, the interest in customers that want to understand the better together story has been extremely encouraging. And then the last acquisition is a little bit on – a smaller one, which is Netrounds. And Netrounds has applicability to all verticals, but especially the service provider vertical, where we have an ability now to sell beyond just the box and connectivity between boxes, but an assured experience, assured SLAs to service providers and we're also very pleased with the early interest from SPs in that technology as well.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I'd be happy to Samik. We're very pleased with our results in SPs. The Europe largely played out as expected from a revenue standpoint. Q4 probably exceeded our expectations by a bit. We enjoyed very strong, healthy franchises with service providers around the world. 49 of the top 50 service providers worldwide are our customers trust Juniper technology. We did see weakness in some of the largest Tier 1 service providers, especially here in North America. And I think for the reason that we all know there has been a lot of capital expenditure that has been placed in a spectrum auctions and so forth. So it's diverted investment away from the areas of the network, the business that we are traditionally strong in. I don't expect that to be the case forever. If you look out into 2021 and we provided an outlook of further stabilization, i.e., even better results than we saw in 2020, in 2021, we did not end that outlook anticipate a resumption that any significant resumption in spending by our large Tier 1 SPs. If they do resume spending in the kind of IP technology that we developed and sell, then I think that would obviously benefit our business even more. The strength that we saw has to do with the diversification strategy that we have been executing on, so increased penetration in the cable space in this country, Tier 2 and Tier 3 service providers that are working very effectively for us and international service providers. You'll notice that we had a very healthy quarter in Asia Pacific. I'm very proud of the team out in APAC for really showing results, not just in SP, but across all verticals. And that's just an indication of the kind of diversification we're driving through our business.
Rami Rahim: Yes, in cloud provider data center switching, many wins are going to be mostly around net new share for us because that's where our existing share is not all that high. I don't know the exact split of the business that you're asking for, but I'll give you this data point. If you look at the foundation of 400 gig business today and measured in the number of customers, in the Q3 of 2020 timeframe our cumulative number of customers that invested in 400 gig capable switching technology and compared that to the Q4 timeframe, same metric cumulative number of customers that invested in 400 gig switching technology, that's doubled. So, whereas the revenue from 400 gig switching today is still relatively small in comparison to the total switching business, the way we measure it is momentum and wins and momentum and customers and you can see that that momentum is quite solid. That's a very encouraging data point for us.
Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly. It's actually a great question, Rod. So in – the way that we've maintained our momentum throughout the pandemic is on focusing on sub-segments of the enterprise and of course cloud and SP, but primarily in the enterprise that are most resilient to economic perturbations or spending patterns in IT, so financial services, higher education so think here college campuses, U.S. federal government, large big box type retailers, warehouses. These are all areas where investments in IT and networking must be made today. But as we look out beyond the pandemic and you start to think about what happens when we recover from the pandemic, my strong belief is that there will be a pivot towards investments in IT technology that's going to be cloud delivered, AI driven. It's not going to be the complex legacy on-prem traditional technologies that quite frankly are not important to Juniper and not a part of our strategy, it's the cloud delivered technology that I think we'll actually see an acceleration as you get out of this COVID crisis. So my view is that we've done what's necessary to capture share during the pandemic and we're setting ourselves up with a strategy that's going to be geared to where investments are going to be greatest post-pandemic.
Rami Rahim: Absolutely, whether it is because they need that flexibility or because they want to crush the costs of running networks by replacing the human elements of running network with automation and that is the magic of Mist. And again, don't think of Mist as just wireless LAN. Mist is that cloud delivered AI powered automation framework for wireless, wired, and now with 128 Technology WAN that full client to cloud experience.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Yes. So, Jeff, it's a good question. So we've seen now two years of growth in cloud. When we provide our outlook for 2021, we're not assuming any major take share type opportunities that we score that would accelerate beyond just the statement of growth. I mean, that's really the thing that I would ask you to take note of. If there were 400 gig opportunities that would represent major like net new footprint and certainly that would be additive and I will say this, I mean, we do see those opportunities and we're – absolutely sleeves are rolled up and we're aggressively fighting for them and actually I feel kind of good about them, but we're not yet at a point where we want to call them in our outlook for 2021.
Rami Rahim: No, I don't think we're fully back yet. I still believe that there are COVID related headwinds that we were facing and we're anticipating that we will continue to face. In fact, I strongly believe that our enterprise business would have performed even better in 2020, had it not been for COVID. We're not in our outlook for enterprise accounting on in a major recovery, a significant recovery from COVID type spending in enterprise, but should that – should that reverse, let's say, in the second half of the year enterprises go back to spending more like they used to then I think will absolutely benefit from that. As far as your question around appetite for spending in those verticals that I just mentioned to Rod financial services, campuses, higher education, federal government, large retailers, actually the appetite for investments as measured by large projects are – is there we've seen it and we've won many opportunities based on the merits, the differentiation of our technology. The last thing I would say is even in this, let's say, the smaller type enterprises, let's say mid-sized enterprises, where COVID is going to be more of a headwind, more of a factor to be considered in IT teams justifying projects. I would argue that we're living in a time now where differentiation matters most, right. And I've never felt more strong about the merits of our technology, the differentiation of our solution for the enterprise.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I'm happy to answer that Sami. So first, I wouldn't say seasonality because it sort of indicates maybe some timing of orders that's based on which quarter of the year, and that's not necessarily what we're seeing. What we see within the cloud vertical are really two dynamics. One of them is a natural evolution of the deployment of used cases. So they're always going to be older, more mature use cases that start to sort of diminish. They kind of reduced over time, but we're offsetting those older use cases with new use cases that we continue to win even within the same customer. So any cloud provider, especially how hyperscale cloud provider is going to be deploying our technology in a number of different use cases and that natural evolution of use cases it's always been there. Some will decline and others will grow. The second factor within the cloud vertical is just diversity within or among customers. We're seeing really healthy diversity among our largest hyperscale cloud customers and that offset some of the puts and takes of use cases within each of the customers. And we're seeing strength in the cloud majors opportunity where there are many customers, so that naturally is going to be more diverse element of our business.
Rami Rahim: No. We're not anticipating any surprises. I mean, like I said, when we provide an outlook of growth in clouds where we're totally factoring in this transition of used cases in our business and we're also of course taking into account that we've got a diversity of customers and we're not counting on any major net new footprint wins.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. I really do think that we've rounded out our portfolio and our position, our solutions, each of our three really important used cases. I don't think there are any glaring gaps at this point in time. We're always going to be looking for opportunities for value enhancing M&A, but quite frankly where my mind is at right now, where my focus is at is on landing and integrating successfully and achieving the kind of business momentum and success that we saw with Mist to these acquisitions that we made last year.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. So there are a few things there to unpack. First I want to say actually what I mentioned was we anticipate enterprise spending to be healthy post COVID. So I actually think that there will be a resumption in spend, more tailwind and acceleration, if you will, of enterprise spending in many different use cases, especially the use cases that we at the Company are focused on. Next I want to say with respect to Juniper and impact of SolarWinds, we never put that SolarWinds product into any of our products that we sell our customers. And, of course, once we – once we heard of the news, we quickly scoured our own networks and looked for any exposures and we didn’t find that we were in any way exposed. So that I’d just get out of the way. In terms of has SolarWinds or other security type incidents increased the appetite for IT leaders our CISOs to focus on spending, especially in security, the answer is absolutely yes. I mean, there is a reason that I think it’s very important that as a networking company you also have security competence and you embed security as a forethought, not an afterthought in all of the solutions that you sell to address the use cases that are important to your business. That’s never been more important. So our security business in Q4 did not grow but there is a reason for this. The high end of our security where we typically sell into large service providers, cloud providers that tends to be lumpy. The broader part of our security portfolios, really the strategy there is to embed it into our solutions. So we talked a lot about Mist. One element of our client to cloud Mist solution is that it’s going to be secured by default with the technology that we have embedded in our - the Mist solution portfolio. And for that reason, I’m actually quite optimistic about how these security trends and the appetite to invest in security by IT departments for our business.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So my remarks were – Alex, were absolutely based on conversations that I have on an ongoing basis with C-suite professionals. So a big and very important part of my job is to talk on a regular basis to CEO, CIO, CTO of large enterprises, service providers, cloud providers and the net of it is absolutely security is a top of mind consideration. It's driving spending, and making sure that our customers understand that security is embedded in all of our strategic use case solutions is a big part of my job.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I'm very pleased with our routing progress. In Q4 we saw double-digit routing growth in cloud providers and enterprises, governments and cable momentum was strong MX and PTX grew both year-over-year and a sequential basis. So it does appear to be broad-based. The used cases today for us are mostly going to be in core routing and edge routing, some DCI data center interconnect. The thing that I'm really excited about when it comes to the opportunity isn't on our metro roadmap. The metro represents around a $2 billion routing opportunity today that's growing at a healthy clip, is probably the fastest growing routing sub-market of the overall routing market. And it's largely untapped by Juniper. And the good news is this is just another high performance network, but it requires certain capabilities, certain aspects of your products around footprint and efficiency – power efficiency, and certain types of features. These are all within our wheelhouse, and this is a roadmap that we're executing on. We've already introduced the first product to address it, but you can expect a number of new products that we introduced this year to complete our metro routing portfolio. Net rounds really fits beautifully into the solution because it provides that automation and SLA assurance, and that's important for the metro. So that I believe is going to help us in our routing business in 2021, but especially in 2022, when the, when the portfolio is complete.
Ken Miller: Yes. And on the enterprise kind of customer acquisition question, Tim, I mean, we did mentioned in Rami's prepared remarks that we did see 125% increase in new logos for Mist. I would tell you that a good percentage of those logos, our existing Juniper install-based customers are really leveraging our install-base with the growth asset of Mist is pretty much part of the strategy to accelerate the Mist growth, but also a good percentage of those customers are net new to Juniper. So really there is a land and expand opportunity where we might lead with the Mist and the Mist AI engine, and then expand to the rest of the portfolio. So it really excited about the enterprise and then we're seeing from a customer acquisition perspective.
Ken Miller: Our COVID costs are running between 50 and 100 basis points in any given quarter, so it's fairly material impact to our past few quarters and I expect it to be similar in Q1. I do think that should come down a bit in maybe the second half, but the first half I expect it to be remain in that 50 to 100 basis points of impact.
Ken Miller: Yes. We did. We did tweak the language a little bit there. David, we talked about being nearly a point of growth. We thought that the 128 Tech and Netrounds would give us nearly a point of growth. We're now updating [indiscernible]. We do expect a full point of growth from our recent acquisition. So it's a modest change in our outlook there.
Rod Hall: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I had a couple of quick number clarification than a question on the products. So on the numbers, can you set 2% to 3% growth and then 1% for acquisitions? Is that 1% on top of the 2% to 3%? Or is it included…
Rod Hall: Okay. And then on the products, I just wanted to check on Mist again, Rami, that I guess that the thing that we get back from investors quite a bit is this – it's hard for people to believe that that campus networking oriented products like that are going to continue to do well as we reopened, I think a lot of people think, gosh, why would people invest in their campus networking. And I know there's reasons for that, namely that you don't have a lot of market share there and there's a lot to go for. But could you just kind of help maybe for the broader audience, help us all understand kind of what's going through customers' minds when they think about investing in that and in the kind of a reopening environment and an environment where maybe more people are working from home long-term that sort of thing? Thanks.
Rod Hall: So you would be thinking that people are investing to give themselves more resiliency, more workforce flexibility that kind of thing as they think through the other side of the pandemic.
