Ken Miller: Yeah. That's a good question, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So yes, backlog declined approximately $100 million in this quarter, down to $2.3 billion, still an extremely high number relative to our past, and we're still enjoying a lot of visibility, great to the great demand in the backlog we built over the past several quarters. It did decline a bit, and that was really a factor predominantly of more supply, quite honestly. And you saw that in the revenue result as well. And we also raised Q4 revenue guidance a bit and raise next year. So we are seeing volume of supply start to improve. That should result in backlog declining over time. I mean, blacklog at $2.3 billion or at these levels is not sustainable, quite honestly. I do expect backlog to normalize over hopefully, a long period of time. At this point, I would expect backlog likely to decline a bit in Q4 as we continue to enjoy a little bit more supply and satisfy customer demand a little better than we were in the past. So I'm not surprised by the backlog performance. I still expect it to be up as compared to the beginning of the year and still extremely elevated, but do you think we'll start to see a decline here over the next couple of quarters. And next year, I think backlog, we're likely to decline as well at some point throughout the year. Our supply improved and lead times normalize, which I hope happens, we will see a normalization of backlog, I would expect next year at some level. Again, I still expect we'll enter – or exit next year elevated significantly elevated for that matter, but I think it will come down off of kind of record levels that we're at now.
Ken Miller: Yes. And from a gross margin perspective for 2023, I'm going to have to remind everybody, it's still a very challenging environment in supply chain world and very unpredictable. So I wanted to have a certain level of prudence. I do believe we have an opportunity to stabilize gross margin and modestly improved gross margin. A lot of that's going to depend on the timing of the transitory costs, the expedite fees and the freight cost, when and if those do come down, I think they will. The question is really when it comes down quicker than we're expecting in these forecasts, and we should see some margin upside next year. But I want to plan prudently from a gross margin expectation for next year.
Ken Miller: Yes. Thanks, Simon. Good question. So I think probably the best indicator would actually be our long-term model. Now the number of at least 7% is likely to outperform the long-term model. But from a relative basis, I still think the model pretty much applies. So I would expect enterprise to be our fastest-growing vertical followed by cloud and then the service rider be our slowest-growing vertical. If you look at the customer solutions perspective, I would expect to add driven enterprise to lead the way from a growth perspective, followed by cloud-ready data center in an automated WAN. So I do think the relative results will hold to the model, but overall, the company has outperformed the model in all verticals, all solutions this year. And I think next year, we have an opportunity to outperform the model as well. But I think from a relative perspective, those still hold.
Ken Miller: Yes. On the backlog conversion, I mean, customers place an order, they are, for the most part, aware of our lead times, so they're not surprised that we typically ship products several months, if not a few quarters after getting their order. I'd also say, in many cases, they actually want it earlier than we able to provide it. So the vast majority of our customers are trying to get the product quicker than we're currently able to deliver. The beta we have now, I would expect to completely ship in the next three to four quarters, and it will kind of be phased in over that period of time. So it takes a few quarters for us to turn the entire backlog given the lead times that we have. But we are doing the best we can to accelerate the orders in accordance with our customers' expectations when supply improves.
Ken Miller: Yes. So for actuals -- Q3 performance and Q4 expectations for this year, we are seeing an impact from the pricing actions we've taken over the past few quarters. It's – and it's actually increasing over time. So the impact we saw in Q3 was larger than we saw in Q2, and I would expect Q4's impact to be larger than Q3. And the impact is showing up in revenue as well as gross margin. But I would caution you on this year as well as next -- this year, in particular, the volume is driving significant growth. I mean, product revenue grew 25% year-over-year. The vast majority of that is unit based. It's taking market share. It's really not pricing that's holding up these results. Next year, if the number were to be closer to that 7%, you kind of the low end of our range, if you will, you'll see – I still believe volume would be the majority, but pricing would play a significant role in that overall result as we -- if we're able to outsize revenue with more volume, more inventory, more supply, you'll see that the volume is really the driving force.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So it was a little bit short of 300 basis points, but it is kind of in that 250 kind of range, 250 to 300 range if you were to normalize Q3 performance. And the majority of that delta is exit fees or purchase price variance, basically paying more to get the products that we want on time or earlier than we otherwise would get that, whether it's broker markets or paying extra for the part. So that is the majority. The other factor in that number is we still believe freight costs are elevated compared to where they're going to normalize at. So those are the two big numbers in that delta. I would like to think we'll see some improvement next year. I do think we're still in a very supply-constrained environment with the long lead times, and we still are going to prioritize satisfying customer demand to the best of our ability. So I don't believe those costs are going to go away entirely or go away anytime soon. But I do think we could see some benefit next year and particularly as we get into the second half of next year. But really, it's just too early to count on that. I want to make sure that we take it as time comes.
Ken Miller: Yes. So I mean, our inventory will turn when we're able to ship it, right? And the cost that we'll pay has been elevated, and I think will continue to be elevated if we have it on our balance sheet. So we'll be paying for the same cost. The good news is the costs go up in the future, we won't have to pay those costs. if we're carrying it in inventory. The primary reason for getting the components, though, just to be clear, is not some – is not really a cost-driven exercise. It's really about supply and resiliency of supply and making sure we can satisfy customer demand to the best of our ability.
Ken Miller: Yeah. I mean the reality is the supply chain were to increase meaningfully enough. I would say, nothing would prevent us from growing double digits next year. Really, it is supply constrained at our at least 7%, if we see easing in the supply chain, given the backlog we have, given the visibility we have with customers and the demand we expect, the great part differentiation and the sales execution, this year is going to be north of double digits. There's really nothing holding us back next year other than supply from my perspective, and that's the reason why I want to be prudent with the model at this time. And we see a floor at – at least 7% or at 7%. We have not established a viewing at this point.
Ken Miller: Yeah, it's a great question, Jim. And at this point, I do expect you to see some seasonality, but I think your point is valid. I do think that the degree of seasonality that we see could be lessened a bit. I mean historically, we've seen kind of a mid-teens decline sequentially from Q4 to Q1. At this point, it's a little bit too early to call, but I do see a possibility of that being a little lessened on a sequential decline basis, but I do expect there to be some decline and some seasonality to remain in the business from a revenue perspective.
Rami Rahim: So Samik, thanks for the question. I'll start with the question around customers, and then I'll pass it on to Ken to talk a little bit about gross margins. So as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, demand remained healthy for the quarter. I think it remains above pre-pandemic levels. It remains above expectations that we had entering into the year. If you want a little bit more color about sort of SP cloud versus enterprise, I do think the dynamics of demand are a little bit different between those two segments. So if I look at SD and Cloud first, there was a huge amount of early ordering that was happening just a year ago. And that's starting to normalizing -- to normalize. I don't think it's completely normal at all, but it's starting to normalize. And so for that reason, I think if you want a view of demand, you really have to look at both orders and revenue. And the combination of both, I think are very positive for SP and Cloud and give us great visibility into next year, and it's why we feel good about raising our outlook for the following year. In the enterprise, there was some early ordering that was happening a year ago, but nowhere near as much as what was happening in SP and Cloud. And we continue to see great order growth, mid-teens order growth in the enterprise. I do think there's a market component to why that is. I also think there is just a differentiation, execution, the competitiveness of our offering, especially our AI-driven enterprise, our mystified solution that is doing so well in the market right now.
Rami Rahim: I'll take it. Honestly, nothing really -- there are no patterns, I would say, that would say EMEA is weaker than other regions at this point in time. I think the performance in EMEA was related more to our ability to ship product that was necessary in that time frame and the timing of deployments of solution. So we obviously keep a very close eye to make sure things do not deteriorate. But for now, honestly, we're not seeing anything specific in EMEA.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Let me start with the second part of the question first, and I'll hand it over to Ken. The answer to, are there cancellations, no. We're not seeing any cancellations, nothing that is atypical at this period of time. And in push-outs, there have been a few project push-outs, but there are also push-out in normal times as well. So there's nothing that I'd say is outside normal patterns. And again, this is where we obviously have to keep a very close eye on things and just to see how the market evolves. But so far, so good in terms of what we're seeing on the ground, conversations, projects that are happening with our customers. In the event that there is more macro-related headwinds, I think we have a few things that are going for ourselves. First and foremost, the diversity of our business across SP, cloud and enterprise because it's unlikely in my view that there -- all of these verticals will be impacted equally, and we can rely on some verticals that do better than others. I think that the types of solutions that we're offering our customers take, for example, our AI-driven enterprise solution that is all around reducing the cost and the complexity of running network really resonate with digital transformation efforts that are happening. And for that reason, I think there's a higher likelihood that such projects would be protected in the future, the competitiveness of our solutions. The fact that we have relatively small share in these massive multibillion dollar markets, all give me confidence that even in the event that there are going to be any sort of headwinds, we can actually do quite well through that period of time.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Meta. I remain very bullish on our cloud segments. Obviously, we had a great Q3 growing at 24% year-over-year. The strength is broad. It's in Tier 1 hyperscalers. It's also in the cloud majors. And it also is broad in terms of the technologies that we're selling into the cloud provider segment, our automated WAN solutions, our wide area transport solutions that is and more and more data center type wins. We've alluded to a few wins that we've had in the last few quarters. In fact, our engagement level with cloud providers across the board remains exceptionally deep at the engineering level, where we're engaging in existing as well as new opportunities and new projects. 400-gig adoption is very healthy. We've now seen roughly around 500, 400-gig wins in data center and the wide area across SP and cloud, maybe even a few large enterprises as well. And I think that speaks to the engagement but then also the strong differentiation that we have. So, all-in-all, I think cloud is going to have its ups and downs as always had but the general direction should be up and to the right.
Rami Rahim: In terms of the projects that are most meaningful for us, I think they're feeling good. As long as the cloud provider business is doing well, which they're all doing quite well, then they are going to need to invest in their network infrastructure to keep up with the demand for those cloud services. So generally speaking, I would say it's good.
Rami Rahim: So, Paul, it's a good question, but I don't know that number off the top of my head. It grew meaningfully just on a quarter-over-quarter basis because I think we probably added 100 or so in the -- from quarter-to-quarter. And generally speaking, because these are 400-gig wins, typically, they're going to be fairly large projects. They're not necessarily going to be all large initially, but they are typically -- they start with an initial deployment and then the they continue in time. So -- and the last thing I'll say about 400-gig, whether it be in the WAN or in the data center as much progress as we've seen, we're still early innings. The vast majority of ports that are being sold and deployed these days, whether it be in the WAN or the data center is still 100 gig. So that transition from 100 gig to 400 gig is still in the process of happening right now. We should continue to benefit from it.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I mean, all we can say is there are certainly more customers that are thinking about their budgets and the time line of projects. Have there been projects canceled? No. There's nothing that we see that has been canceled. Have there been some projects that have been delayed? Yes, some -- but honestly, not much more than we would see in normal times as well. And is there anything that we're seeing that's sort of geo-specific like more in EMEA versus Asia Pacific or North America? The answer to that question is no. It's really kind of the same worldwide at this point in time.
Rami Rahim: So that's a great question. And obviously, we'll know for sure and to what extent there is share taking that's happening to enterprise once the share reports are actually out. And there's also an orders versus revenue component to this because obviously, analysts only see the revenue and they track revenue. But my strong feeling is that we're taking share in the enterprise. I think there is -- we're participating in markets that appear to be healthy. But I also believe we have some very competitive solutions that are in the market today across the AI-driven enterprise and our data center offerings as well. You heard me in my prepared remarks, I mean myst and our mystified revenue is crushing it. The last time we reported an annualized order run rate was in Q4 2021 of $600 million. We're now at $850 million in the Q3 time frame. It's no longer just about selling Wi-Fi. We're selling full stack solution. It's an enterprise architecture that's AI-driven and cloud delivered that runs across Wi-Fi, wired and SD-WAN. And if you look at our pipeline and our wins, a lot of that is full stack. I think the differentiation we have is just exceptional right now. And I think it will remain exceptional for a period of time. And we're going to benefit from that. We are benefiting from that.
Rami Rahim: Alex, thanks for the excellent question and the great insight. I think you're picking up on something that's really important. We've always at Juniper had a strategy around automation and being automation-led. But you're right, the AI-driven enterprise and the miscomponent of the AI-driven enterprise has taught us some very valuable lessons in how to take that automation and take it to a whole new level with AI capabilities, and with a cloud-delivered strategy. So, for example, in our metro solution that we're now selling to our customers, we've made the automation cloud first and AI-driven. I think we have the potential to do the exact same thing in the data center as well. So, what you've described is exactly what's happening at Juniper. We've learned valuable lessons from one segment and we're applying them to others. And we need to do a better job in sort of communicating that more broadly. I think that's great feedback and I appreciate it.
Rami Rahim: The more AI-driven capabilities we add to our solutions; I think the more of a competitive differentiation we give ourselves. And honestly, where there is an opportunity to sell anything AI-driven and cloud delivered to our customers is fun to compete today because we tend to win the vast majority of the time.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Fahad. So let me first answer the last part of it, which is no, I don't think there's anything geo-specific that we're seeing in our security business. Part of the decline is self-inflicted. It has to do with the transition that we're deliberately executing on at Juniper right now from an appliance-based model to more of a software-based model that's subscription-based and that will come with recurring revenue. And so for that reason, we expect that there's going to be sort of ongoing headwinds for a period of time, at least until we get into the second half of next year before we start to see a recovery. There's another element of our security, which is that, there's a high-end component that just tends to be lumpy. There are large customers that either buy or don't buy high-end security and Q3 was particularly weak from the high-end security standpoint. Having said all that, the way that we look at security and we measure the – our success in security is through the integration of security in our strategic solutions. We believe that more and more of our AI-driven enterprise solutions that we sell to our customers will have an embedded security component. We're starting to see that. We also believe that having strong security capabilities in our data center solution is going to be increasingly important to our customers, and we're also starting to see some of that as well. It's just that we're going to have – we're going to let – we need to let some of these sort of transitions, product transitions in particular, from hardware to software play out.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So it's a good question, Tal. I would say our visibility is very strong. I mean first year, the visibility that comes with the backlog. These are orders that have been made for existing projects, then there's a visibility that comes from having very strong strategic conversations with our customers, especially large customers, hyperscalers, large enterprise and service providers. And there, again, I'd say the visibility is great. The only risk would be if the -- things would change in plans that we understand today were to actually change. Again, I will say that for the most part, we don't see that happening at this point in time, but we have to, of course, stay very close to our customers to see if, in fact, things start to change. And I will reiterate here there are deliberate things that we're doing that are designed to make us more resilient in the event that there is a downturn, the diversification of our business, the competitiveness of our solutions. Even if you look in the enterprise, we've really re-honed our go-to-market muscle on enterprise sub-segments that we believe will be more recession resilient. So healthcare, college campuses, public sector would be examples of areas that I think would be less prone to a downturn, and we're making those changes and adjustments now just to prepare.
