Rami Rahim: Hi, Amit. This is Rami. I'll start. For some reason, you're really choppy. So I hope the issue is not on our end. I think I caught most of what you asked really around the demand environment that we're seeing for Cloud and SP, and I think you're looking for some commentary around sort of the duration of that -- the challenges that we're seeing in that segment. I'd say, first, not much has changed from the last quarter in terms of what we're seeing in SP and Cloud. Service Provider is probably incrementally more challenging. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, not so much because of Tier 1 service providers in the US, more about Tier 2, Tier 3 and international. Cloud is challenging as we expected. I don't think it's gotten worse or better, really. And we've always expected that the digestion period that is being faced in the Cloud and, to some extent, in the Service Provider vertical as well, is going to last for several quarters. Having said that, I don't think it's all negative. I mean in the Service Provider space, for example, there are plenty of opportunities out there that we're competing for, especially in the metro, where we're seeing really great early momentum. And I expect that that's going to more meaningfully contribute to our top line next year. In the cloud provider space, there are projects that are ongoing. We're competing for new projects for certain. The AI cluster opportunity is going to emerge, as I think, a wonderful opportunity for us to go and to pursue. I just think it's going to be a few more quarters of digestion before those opportunities start to play out and we begin to benefit from them.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the question, Simon. I'll start with your second question first, and I'll then hand it over to Ken. So first, you're right, I am confident in our campus and branch business. We have grown over the last few years even in the face of pretty significant headwinds. At a time when, for example, the middle of COVID where some of our peers were seeing some declines, we consistently saw growth in our campus and branch business. I think the solutions that we're offering that include AIOps that simplify and reduce the cost of operations actually truly resonate with customers that are looking for executing on digital transformation projects in a situation where their budgets are challenged, right? We're basically enabling them to transform their business with less total cost of ownership. That's part of the value proposition of our solutions that's really resonating. In addition to that, the campus and branch market all up if you include wired, wireless and WAN is a $25 billion market opportunity, give or take, of which we're a small player and plenty of room for us to grow, even in the face of a total addressable market that's not growing all that much or even not even growing at all. So for all of these reasons, I'm super optimistic about our Enterprise business and especially our campus and branch business moving forward.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Let me start with your first question. And Ken, I'll let you talk a little bit more about the commentary for next year. So I'll address the Mist question from both the standpoint and sort of market dynamics and then what's happening with our business more specifically. From a market dynamic standpoint, I think it's really important to understand that the -- if you look at the campus and branch market all up, that's sort of a slow, maybe flattish-type market opportunity. Within the campus and branch market, there's actually a segment really ran cloud-managed. These are basically enterprise solutions where the control and the management of that solution is really done through the cloud. And that part of the market is actually growing at a healthy clip, and I expect that it will continue to grow through next year as well. And that is the opportunity that we are entirely focused on, at least when it comes to campus and branch. Every single one of our access point is connected to the cloud, managed through the cloud with an AIOps engine, Marvis in the cloud. And all of the growth that we're seeing now in the wired switching as well as in the WAN is happening through the cloud. And even the security capabilities, such as network access control that we've introduced, is a cloud-based solution as well. So I think it's a little bit -- it's wrong to look at the growth of just the campus and branch market all up. It's actually more useful to look at it from the standpoint of that cloud-connected portion of the market that's actually growing at a much faster clip. Then in terms of the solution itself, really, when it comes to harnessing the power of AIOps, and I know it's a bit of a used and abused words out there. I mean the proof is in the pudding. Our customers today are seeing real benefits. Reduction in number of tickets by 90-plus percent, reduction in total -- the time frame it takes to deploy a new solution from what used to be a year to a matter of weeks, if not maybe a month or so. The root cause analysis that used to take days with all of the frustration of people that are trying to use the network to do whatever they want to do has been reduced to essentially no time at all because most of the time, we're proactively identifying issues and fixing them. You mentioned Zoom. We have already integrated Zoom visibility into our Mist solutions so that when there is, in fact, some sort of a video issue, we can, if not proactively, instantly provide the IT staff visibility into whether the issue is more in the application side, the wireless side, the wired side, the cloud, et cetera. And that's the capability that our IT customers are really, really happy to see. So I know I'm maybe beating a little bit of a dead horse here. I'm very optimistic about the competitiveness of our solutions in the market, whether it be a challenged market or not.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. So Cloud and SP, as I mentioned, they're definitely going through a period of digestion after they -- for the last couple of years, have bought a lot of equipment. I mean, if you recall, in the Cloud Provider segment for us or vertical for us, there were a few quarters where their order growth was in the 100% year-over-year sort of range. So the fact that they're going to take some time to go and to consume that inventory to deploy it is as expected. And this is also happening within the SP space as well. The other thing that I can say is, if you look at these businesses over the years, there have been ebbs and flows. They have always been lumpy. And I do not believe that there's anything structural that is happening right now in either the SP space or the cloud space that would suggest that this is the new normal. I expect that they will both bounce back. And as Ken mentioned, orders in both of these verticals will recover next year. In terms of the timing, the time frame, it's difficult to say. All I can tell you at this point is that it's going to take a few more quarters of digestion before we start to see a meaningful recovery, meaningful rebound, but I'm optimistic it's going to come. And maybe the last thing I would say is the following. It's the very fact that these verticals, Cloud and Service Providers, have traditionally been lumpy that we, several years ago, decided very strategically, very deliberately to pursue the Enterprise and to diversify our business into the Enterprise. And it is, in fact, now the Enterprise, which, for the first time in our history, represents over 50% of our revenue this past quarter is giving us the resilience that we need to weather challenges in SP and Cloud. Those challenges are going to go away. It's not going to be the new normal, as I mentioned. And eventually, we'll have the benefit of a rebounding SP and Cloud business in addition to an Enterprise business that I believe will continue to perform well without all of the typical gyrations of the business that we have endured in SP and Cloud historically.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. So I'm actually quite bullish about the AI cluster opportunity. As I mentioned in the last call, I think we all have to acknowledge that today, the technology of choice for connectivity between GPUs and either inference or learning clusters is InfiniBand. It's not Ethernet. However, the momentum behind Ethernet in the industry is very strong. And so I believe it is a matter of time before Ethernet reigns as the fabric technology of choice in AI clusters. And I do believe this will present opportunities for us. In terms of timing, I think next year, 2024, maybe closer to the second half of the year and in particular, what we're seeing, especially among the cloud majors customers for us, there are a lot of projects. There are a lot of opportunities out there where we are being asked. There have been some good technical dialogue about how we move Ethernet to become sort of that cluster technology of choice for either learning or inference for their solutions. And in fact, even large enterprises, we're seeing that more and more large enterprises, financial services, insurance companies, even healthcare, they're pursuing these private clusters. All up, I'm optimistic about the opportunity. I like how we stack up from a technology standpoint with the combination of our customer and merchant silicon, our Junos operating system feature that we developed specifically for the Ethernet cluster solution and Apstra, which provides the automation and the visibility into it, Ethernet AI cluster solution, that gives me good optimism for capturing our fair share, if not more, in this market opportunity.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the questions, Meta. So let me start with the first one on macro, and I think specifically the timing between sort of initial sale of a Mist solution to subsequent use cases. It honestly is all over the map. We have seen accounts that have traditionally been Wi-Fi customers have loved the technology, the ease of operations and years later, have come back to us saying, hey, we'd like to introduce wired, WAN, et cetera. But in many cases, we're actually selling the full technology stack day one. In fact, we are deliberately tracking sales of full-stack solutions, and we hit a record -- another record in Q3, where a full-stack solution would be some combination of use cases, wired and wireless, wired and WAN, wireless and WAN, et cetera. And we're continuously adding more and more of these capabilities, an example of which would be the NAC, network access control, where in the Q3 time frame alone, we added around 15 new customers and it's starting to grow quite rapidly. We're incenting our sellers to cross-sell. We're enabling them to cross-sell. It's definitely part of our sales motion. On the visibility, I guess, it really goes back to the question I just answered recently. It's difficult to know exactly how much inventory levels our customers have, but we do know that, at least for the next few quarters in both SP and Cloud, their focus is going to be on deploying what they have bought -- first receiving what they have bought, deploying it, getting it up and running before they start to feel the need to make meaningful orders again. It's just going to be measured in a few quarters.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks for the questions, Tal. Let's start with Cloud Providers. The biggest thing driving the decline today is the fact that lead times have gone from what was over a year to normal, just a few weeks. And so the need for them to purchase in sort of like way upfront from when their needs are is just not there anymore. And therefore, they've just reduced the orders that they're placing. So that is the number one thing that's affecting our business. It's not the only thing. There are definitely -- there have definitely been some project pushouts. I think macro has affected their own businesses and the need for equipment. So that would be the second thing. And I think the other thing is they have shifted some of their priorities to, for example, AI, GPUs, which, as you know, are extremely expensive. So those are the main reasons. I again feel the need to reiterate: I'm optimistic long term. I do believe that nothing has changed structurally, and I believe that I would not bet against the businesses of Cloud Providers. And therefore, it remains an incredibly important and strategic part of our business. It's just going to be a matter of time before we start to see the rebound in the recovery there. In Enterprise, yes, we have seen and I believe we'll continue to see strength. I've talked at length about Mist. So I'd be remiss not to mention also what's happening in our data center business. We had record Apstra revenue. Each Apstra sale, which is our automation solution for the data center, intent-based automation solution, is pulling meaningful hardware at this point in time. Apstra new logos have grown by 80% on a year-over-year basis, and the pipeline remains incredibly solid. Next year, the compares become more difficult in the Enterprise, no doubt. And this backlog draw in 2023 that Ken and I have both mentioned does affect Enterprise as well. It's just that in the Enterprise space, orders continue to be very robust, and we expect order growth next year. So the path to revenue growth next year is much clearer. But obviously, yeah, it becomes more difficult from a year-over-year standpoint. So you should just factor that into your model.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So I'll take those questions. So on the services side, very proud of the team. And we've seen some record services result both on the revenue side, up 12% year-on-year, as well as on the margin side. So really phenomenal results there. The services business does include predominantly our maintenance professional services business, but it does include a growing portion of our SaaS software, which has been growing faster than the overall services results. So the SaaS business is absolutely helping services overall. But as you look at just the maintenance business, which is what you talked about and the growth there, really, there's a lagging indicator of what we've seen in the past couple of years on the product side. So the product growth over the last couple of years has really given us the opportunity to expand our installed base and to attach more service contracts, and we're realizing the benefit of that now. So that's been great. On the product booking side and the order side, it did come in as we expected. Enterprise was maybe a little more favorable than we originally anticipated at the start of the quarter. Service Provider was a little bit weaker than we anticipated, but in aggregate, it was as expected. And as we predicted, we are starting to lessen that year-over-year decline that we've had the last couple of quarters, and I expect us to further lessen that decline here in the fourth quarter.
Ken Miller: Absolutely. So this is Ken. On the margin expansion for next year, which we are anticipating, we are going to -- we are expecting a gross margin improvement next year. We also -- we will be -- continue to be prudent on cost controls. So with the gross margin expansion as well as the prudence on cost controls, we do believe we will expand operating margin. That really would apply to revenue at, say, modest decline levels. If revenue declines were to get larger than that, it would be more challenging. But we would stay laser-focused on protecting profitability. And if necessary, we would consider taking further costs out of the business to protect our margins. On the Q4 order perspective, you're right, in prior quarters, we did mention we thought we will return to year-on-year growth potentially as soon as Q4. We still might return to year-on-year growth in Q4. Quite confident that the year-on-year decline, if there is one, will be significantly lessened from the last couple of quarters. But we may return to year-on-year growth in Q4, but it's not factored into my current base case. I do expect us to return to full year growth or year-over-year growth in 2024, early in 2024. And on a full year basis, in 2024, I would expect all verticals to have full year growth.
Ken Miller: Good questions. On the backlog front, backlog has come down faster or normalized faster than we expected this year largely because the supply chain has actually improved much quicker than we expected from a lead time perspective. So we have seen backlog come down. I expect it to continue to come down in the fourth quarter as well. I still believe we will remain -- we'll exit the year at an elevated backlog position. But at this point, I do not believe it will be two times the elevated position that we've been talking about in prior periods. So I think it will be elevated but not quite two times. I do expect backlog to fully normalize probably by the middle of next year. I would say probably the first half to the middle of next year, backlog should be kind of fully normalized. Inventory has been growing throughout the last couple of years. I would expect this to plateau and start to come down at some point in 2024. It is going to take longer. To your point, the inventory kind of normalization, if you will, it's going to take a few years, in my opinion. And I don't think we'll ever get down to previous normals, right? I think we've learned some lessons with the recent supply chain situation. I think we'll continue to carry inventory at higher levels than we historically did, but there is still a fairly sizable room for it to reduce over the next few years. And on the cost of that inventory, there are costs. I mean I mentioned in the gross margin guidance, we had a very strong gross margin quarter really highlighted by software, services. And we are seeing some of the earlier transitory costs, i.e. logistics and expedite fees come down. But some of the goodness in gross margin was offset by an increase in inventory-carrying charges. That would include excess and obsolescence reserves as well as just carrying charges. So we are paying for those now. That's factored in, obviously, to our results and to our near-term and longer-term guidance. I do think there's opportunity for those to reduce over time as inventory starts to normalize.
Ken Miller: Yeah. And on your clarification question, the short answer is yes, I would expect a sequential decline from Q4 to Q1 in that double-digit realm based on kind of previous traditional patterns.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So I'll address the seasonal pattern one. We do expect the double-digit decline Q4 to Q1 as we mentioned. And then from there, we expect sequential growth throughout the rest of the quarter. I would say we've talked a lot about revenue next year was uncertain predominantly because it's just unclear about the pace and timing -- the size and timing of the recovery within Cloud and SP. So that implies to me that we expect it to recover at some point next year but just not exactly sure when. And when that does, that should accelerate revenue. So I would expect revenue to be maybe a bit more back-end loaded, probably closest traditional patterns this last year 2023 or this year. 2023 was not kind of a sequential growth quarter. It was kind of a flattish quarter from a quarter-to-quarter perspective throughout the year. Next year, I think we'll start down and it will build back up as the year progresses.
Ken Miller: Yes. So backlog continues to be a bit of a tailwind in each of our quarters, but it's lessening quarter after quarter as it starts to normalize. So not giving any specific guidance other than I do expect it to remain elevated as we exit the year but not to the degree that we previously thought. We were thinking it was going to be two times previous kind of historical levels. We now think it will be less than that but still be above historical levels.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So I mean we are seeing -- we're definitely seeing some improvements in what we used to refer to as the transitory costs, right? These were predominantly logistics costs and expedite fees or purchase price variance fees, where we're paying more just to get a hold of the product that was scarce, hard to get. We clearly are not paying any more of those fees as we are able to get products pretty much on time with standard lead times at this point. The supply chain has completely normalized from a lead time perspective. But we do still have some inventory that we bought at prior higher prices, as you mentioned, and that's going to bleed through over the next few quarters. But each quarter, we're getting more and more of that benefit or less and less of those additional fees on the expedite side. Logistics has effectively recovered completely, right, where the logistics cost that we were paying -- the elevated logistics costs have completely normalized. And that's obviously benefiting our current gross margin results and our expectations going forward. The one area that has gone negative, if you will, or have gotten worse over the last 12 months are those inventory carrying fees that I mentioned. And that's really just a factor of the balance sheet and inventory that we're carrying. So I would expect those costs to remain for the next few quarters higher-than-normal levels as inventory remains higher-than-normal levels, but I do see a path to recovery on those as well. All this is factored into our guidance, obviously, for Q4 as well as our expectation that next year, we expect to grow gross margin.
Ken Miller: Yeah. The revenue -- SaaS was definitely a part of it and has been a continual part of it for the last few years as SaaS is becoming a bigger part of our overall business. we disclosed on the call, our ARR business at $357 million at an all-time high and growing quite nicely. So that is becoming a bigger factor of overall services. However, I don't want to discount the maintenance business, which also grew nicely in the quarter and the efficiencies we're getting within our services organization. So really, this is a situation of revenue growth and cost of revenue decline, and that's resulting in the margin expansion that you're seeing.
Ken Miller: I think it's fair to say that directionally, we should be moving up as we move forward. Any given quarter, you might see some small anomalies, but I do feel good about the ability to continue to grow gross margin in a more of an aggregate time period basis.
Ken Miller: And when it comes to 2024 revenue growth, it's a little too early to provide guidance for 2024, particularly with some of the weakness we're seeing with the Cloud and Service Provider customers. But let me walk you through some of the puts and takes. I mean, clearly, the backlog drawdown that we're going through in 2023 is going to provide a pretty significant headwind to revenue in 2024. Orders are going to need to accelerate just to offset some of that backlog-related headwind that we're experiencing from a revenue perspective in 2023. With that said, I do expect orders to accelerate in 2024. I expect full year growth across all of our verticals. I also expect Enterprise revenue to grow in 2024 on a full year basis. So really it comes down to Cloud and SP and the timing and pace of that recovery. And that's a little bit too early to call at this point. So we're not giving specific guidance on 2024 other than based on the backlog expectations and our order expectations in Q1, we do expect to see a return to more traditional patterns.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So I expect our Enterprise revenue -- I expect our Enterprise business to grow faster than market. So I do think we will take market share. The market, as many are predicting, is expected to slow down pretty significantly next year as compared to this year, but we expect to be able to grow -- even if the market is slightly down, we would expect to grow our Enterprise business. So we are absolutely expecting market share taking.
