Rami Rahim: Thanks for the question, Rod. So, the short answer is, it's absolutely supply-chain limited. It just so happens that as you might imagine, for automated when the predominant product is routing, routing is when a more complex products that we need to build.  They use the most amount of the sophisticated semiconductor components. And for that reason, the discrepancy between revenue and orders is going to be greater for automated WAN and by connection also for the service provider.  Having said that, I'm very pleased with both our service provider and our automated WAN momentum, especially from a booking stand point I should mention every solution area automated WAN Cloud ready datacenter and the AI driven enterprise had order growth of over 50%.  It's just that the automated WAN had a biggest impact from when it came to supply chain challenges. I really like the fact that our newer products that we've introduced into the market line cards for the MX, line cards for the PTX are performing very well.  That's something that we monitor closely. We've talked a lot about the Metro opportunity, which in large part hasn't really positively helped us in any significant way that really, I think next year and year after it's when if kicked in. But nonetheless, we're seeing very solid early momentum with record orders for our ACX product line, which is predominantly used in that metro opportunity.  And the last thing I'll say about automated WAN which is very encouraging, is our 400-gig win rate. So, while we don't necessarily see a tone of revenue yet, with 400 gig deployments, we are looking at very solid wins and also growing orders at this point, which is reflected in the automated WAN order growth.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So, we've been building backlog throughout the year and it did grow quite healthy in Q3 as well as you noted, Rod. It is really across the board. I mean, backlog is up across all customer solutions. I would say that the automotive WAN is up a little bit more than the others, but it really is an across-the-board backlog build with a little bit more slanted towards automated WAN.  So, we are entering the fourth quarter, and I believe next year with a very healthy backlog across all products, but automated when it is, I would say, the healthiest, if you will.
Rami Rahim: Let me take that and maybe Ken would add some more to it. First, I would say we're not really guiding to mid-single-digit or a 5% growth, as you mentioned. We're guided -- we're providing an outlook of at least mid-single-digit growth.  And just keep in mind that we are supply chain limited right now. So that outlook that we provided assumes no meaningful improvement to the supply chain situation. If the supply chain situation does start to materially improve next year, then I think there is upside to that number. So, I would just start with that. In terms of where that growth comes in.  Every vertical is performing extremely well, and every solution area is performing extremely well. In enterprise, I'd say it's going to be a significant growth driver for us. So, assuming against supply chain goes our way, I think the differentiation that we have in the market, the win rate, the net new wins we're getting sets us up to perform extremely well.  A service provider, I think could actually do exceptionally well and even compete with an enterprise standpoint -- with the enterprise vertical just from the standpoint of the significant backlog that we built thus far.  So, it's going to be very difficult to predict exact stack ordering of contributors to that growth, primarily because it's going to be very much determined by the supply chain situation.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the good question. So, I'm very confident that we're taking share in the enterprise space. You saw our enterprise routing performance, 7% year-over-year. But I think the big difference between our revenue, and I think I said enterprise routing performance, I mean enterprise revenue performance 7% Year-over-year.  Order performance is actually significantly more than that and the difference is driven primarily by the fact that we had some weakness in enterprise routing due entirely to the federal space where there's still uncertainty of our budget. So, if you remove that, our strength in the enterprise is phenomenal.  We're seeing significant wins of net new opportunities and there are two things that are driving that today. One is our AI driven enterprise solution, campus and branch that includes the Mist for wireless, wired, and WAN that's achieving new records every single quarter.  Triple-digit revenue growth for Mist, the first triple-digit bookings quarter for Mist wireless, significant EX wired switching pull-through of the Mist portfolio, all of these are contributing to that portion of the Enterprise business.  The second vector of growth within the Enterprise is a datacenter, there as well, over 50% year-over-year order growth. Significant differentiation with Apstra as the management solution for the datacenter, very solid win rate. So, I just think that we're taking share because of the strength of our portfolio which has never been this differentiated I mean, at least in my time at Juniper.
Rami Rahim: Hi George. I'll start. So, I mean, you said it. We're really not guiding or we're not providing an outlook of mid-single digits. We're providing an outlook of at least that number, and we're doing it with the major assumption that supply situation does not in fact get better.  If the supply situation, in fact does start to improve, and it could by the second half of next year. Then I think you will see an upside to this outlook that we provided.  That's really the net of it. At this point in time based on visibility, we felt that it would be prudent for us to provide you with an outlook based on the supply situation not improving. However, that could be a false assumption. Things could actually be better next year.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Let me start with your question about Astra. So first, I'll just say very quickly that we never anticipated that Astra would be a significant opportunity in the hyperscale space. Primarily because the top 5 hyperscale customers tend to develop their own automation software.  That being said, everything outside of hyperscale: Enterprise, service provider, even Cloud major, is an opportunity.  Where we have thus far seeing the quickest win rates, the biggest pipeline build is in the enterprise, large to mid-size enterprise companies. and as I mentioned earlier, it's extremely encouraging the rate at which we are taking down new opportunities. There is absolutely a demand for this kind of automation technology for the datacenter space. And there are some very unique aspects to our Astra software offering.  First and foremost, it's the only open solution in the market today. None of our peer automation solutions work on anything but their own switching infrastructure. Astra works on our own switching as well as sonic as well as our competitor switches. that turns out to be a highly desirable feature of the technology. Apstra is designed ground-up to scale to the largest datacenters.  That's very meaningful for large enterprises especially in financial services, and manufacturing, and other similar verticals. And Apstra invented -- pioneered the concept of intent-based networking so from an operational experience standpoint, there really is nothing as good as it in the market. So, I'm very, very pleased with the performance thus far, and I think this is going to be a great growth driver for us in the future.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, I sorry, you glitched there for a second. I think you're asking about Mist Wi - Fi, and then also the.
Rami Rahim: Got it. Thank you. So first, I think by any measure, Mist has been an incredible acquisition for Juniper Networks, and it really has put our enterprise business on a significant growth and take share of trajectory. Q3 was no difference in terms of the quarter-over-quarter record we continue to make. This was a record AI - driven enterprise orders quarter and record AI - driven revenue quarter for us.  Order growth is well into double-digits and Growth in all customers verticals, SP Enterprise and Cloud providers that are all bracing the technology. And I think I did mention that it's not just about WIFI, although Wi-Fi___33 in and of itself was a record and it hit triple-digit bookings for the first time in the Q3 timeframe.  We saw a record number of EX pull-through, both in units, but also in revenue as well. So that has always been the strategy for Mist, not just about Wi-Fi___33, it's that entire client to Cloud connection that includes Wi-Fi___33, wired, and WAN.  We're seeing the full benefit in wireless and wired, as we integrate 128 technology into the LAN, which is really going to happen by the end of this year. And the first part of next year, I think we'll see a similar pull-through effect happening on that side as well. So, the momentum has just been really strong. I expect that to continue for sure.
Rami Rahim: I do want to add just Paul, that our Cloud provider businesses is performing incredibly well. second quarter of triple-digit order growth. And I love the broad-based strength that we're seeing. So, we're seeing an expansion within Hyperscale of opportunities and diversity across the four or five big hyperscale customers.  So, it's not just our traditionally largest Cloud provider customer that's driving that growth, is also other hyperscale customers and add to that, that Cloud major Tier 2, Tier 3 Cloud providers that are also performing very well.  There's an additional element of strength and broad-based diversity and net is in the technology space. So, routing, switching, and security are all performing really well within the cloud provider segment.
Rami Rahim: Well, I am not going to answer a question that specific to a customer. However, I will say, I'm looking at the hot off the press earnings results from our -- the Hyperscale Cloud providers looking at their capex rates and feeling very good about that because as long as their business is performing well, they will need to invest in their infrastructure to maintain that strength, to keep up with the demand that they're seeing and we will benefit from that.  The simplest that our footprint in routing within Hyperscale is phenomenal. We've maintained that footprint despite many attempts by competitors to take slices of it away from us. And then as you get into the top 10 and Cloud major, it's not just about routing, it's about routing and switching for us.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, Alex, let me take a stab at it. It's very difficult to answer that quantitatively because we don't know in a lot of detail what everybody else is doing. But to the extent that our peers are attempting to do what we're doing, which is essentially to offset cost increases, then I think first order of magnitude is going to be all roughly in line with each other.  And that's sort of how I would answer that question. And then in the campus and branch in particular, yes. There are going to be cost pressures there just like anywhere else. But the thing about campus and [inaudible 00:57:23] that makes me feel very good is, the level of differentiation.  And this is software-led differentiation has never been stronger and it allows us to win -- to compete and win on value. So, there are opportunities that we are winning now fairly routinely, where we're not price leaders, and yet we are able to garner a greater price dip because of the differentiation that we have with that solution.
Rami Rahim: Briefly, I just wanted to thank everybody for participating in the call today and for the great questions. I will just leave you with a couple of thoughts.  First, I remain very encouraged by the momentum that we're seeing in the business especially the diversity of the strength that we're seeing across market segments and technologies and solution areas. I think the team is executing extremely well and I'm very proud of our Juniper team for doing that.  And last but not least, I think the demand strength we're seeing coupled with the backlog that we built right now sets us up for a great next year, both from the standpoint of achieving revenue growth, but then also our commitment to expanding profits as well. So, I'll leave you with that thought. Thanks again.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So, I'll take that. Thanks for the question to me. So, we are expecting the supply-chain costs to remain elevated throughout next year. I still believe there transitory and I could be positively surprised where we might see some of that reduction, maybe late next year. But at this point, we're presuming that it's going to remain elevated on the cost side.  On the pricing side, we are absolutely taking pricing actions to try to protect our Gross Margin. At this point, I feel that we are going to be able to protect much of our Gross Margins a little too early to call exactly how that's going to play out.  The other thing I would also add is the timing. I do expect that the cost to hit us a little earlier as you can see from the results. Costs have already started to hit us and the pricing actions will take some time to feather in, particularly because we have such a large backlog at the old prices.  So, we need to burn through the backlog at kind of legacy pricing if you will. And as we make pricing actually going forward, but we will realize that benefit in 2022, but it might not be evenly throughout the year.
Ken Miller: The only thing I'll add, we'll provide more color on our next call as we typically do in the beginning of 2022. So, our Q4 call, we'll provide more color on FY '22 at that time.
Ken Miller: And I just want to add on to that a little bit. So as Rami mentioned, Enterprise from a revenue perspective was up 7%. We already talked about automated WAN and service provider being a little bit stunted because of supply.  And I just want to make sure everyone is aware that all cuts, whether it's Enterprise Cloud or SP, or Automated [Indiscernible] Cloud Ready Datacenter [Indiscernible] than Price. All numbers are actually lower from a revenue perspective than we would otherwise expect if it were not for supply constraints.  We're not going to give you an absolute number, but it could have been, but in one way to look at it is the difference between our adjusted bookings on a product perspective, which is 15% or mid-teens in Q3 year-over-year as compared to our revenue growth on a product perspective of 5%.  So, it's easily to imply that there's an extra 10% of revenue growth that did not happen due to supply constraints. and that would have really lifted all boats, Enterprise, Cloud, NSP.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, as you can see from -- we provided the actual reported gross margin of 60.1 this quarter, which was above midpoint due to product mix being favorable. But we also talked about what it would have been if it weren't for the elevated costs which would have been close to 61.5%.  So, these elevated costs are hitting us now. And one thing I would say, Simon, yes, we have purchase orders throughout all of next year. In some cases, out 50 weeks, in other cases, out 80 weeks, in an attempt to secure supply.  And these are non - cancelable committed purchase orders with pricing. That said, this pricing environment is taking that and throwing it out the window. We are seeing costs going up despite the fact that we have orders in place.  So, we are expecting -- the orders we have in place are not necessarily the price we are going to pay. Whether it's disguised in the form of an expedite fee or purchase price variance, etc., we're seeing costs going up in advance of those orders being fulfilled if that makes sense.
Ken Miller: Not providing 2022 specific gross margin guidance at this point, there's just too much uncertainty. You could count on us giving you a better understanding 90 days from now on our next call.  I will say this, we're not dependent on gross margin improvement next year for us to hit our commitment of at least 100 basis points improvement in operating margin. So, we're very committed to expanding profitability next year and we're not dependent on gross margin to do that, but we are very committed to expanding profits.
Ken Miller: Absolutely. I mean, there's no doubt that the limiting factor or the primary input into our guidance or outlook for next year is supply. This really has to do with how much supply we think we're going to have access to next year.  And that's where we came up with at least mid-single digits. If it were purely a demand equation, the number would be much greater than that. And that that holds true to nominate next year. But also, this year.
Ken Miller: Yes, and your second question on organic versus inorganic. When we started the year, we called out that we believe the inorganic acquisitions in aggregate, all 3 of them would add about 1% of revenue growth to Juniper.  We know it's about $50 million and that's holding exactly as we expected. So, you can take that 50 million. I am not going to give you the exact number in Q3, but if you start with a $50 million for the year and quarterize that, that gives you some indication of the inorganic revenue in Q3.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, I think those numbers you're referring to are in the ballpark from an adjusted bookings perspective, our actual backlog is growing much faster than that. We've talked about greater than a billion. So much bigger numbers.  But if you just go to our adjusted bookings number, which is that mid-teen number, that delta the revenue or the numbers you just quoted and those are the revenue that we could have or arguably should have recognized already, right, in Q3. That plus 10%, that $70 million you were referring to.  That if there were not supply constraints, we would have recognized approximately that much more revenue is really the math I want you to understand. From a backlog build is much greater than that because customers are placing orders at a faster rate.
Ken Miller: I do think that the backlog build, whether it's the adjusted bookings backlog build or even the unadjusted, for that matter, is going to ship essentially. So, I think that gives us confidence in our revenue outlook of at least mid-single-digit revenue growth. The reason why we're not guiding more than at least single-digits is supply constrained. So, we are supply constrained today and we're expecting to be supply constrained next year as well.  So how much of that backlog and how quickly we are able to ship it is still uncertain at this point, but we feel very good about at least mid-single-digit growth due to the strength of our backlog, due to the strength of the momentum we're seeing on the bookings side, quite honestly, the execution we have in the field and depart differentiation we enjoy.  So, there's a lot of reasons to be more bullish, the one reason to be somewhat prudent is supply and that's something that's keeping us kind of at the at least mid-single digit level at this point.
Ken Miller: So, we already are seeing some of the elevated cost rates are component shortages, freight, etc. and we expect those costs to remain elevated throughout next year. In some cases, bringing up perhaps get a little worse application is actually a little better, but we expect elevated costs throughout all of next year and we're already experiencing those.  Now we've given you a Nano -meter Gross Margin reported by the Adjusted Gross Margin, just to account for that, those extra costs which we do believe are transitory. However, at this point, we're assuming it's not going to go away in 2022 it'll be beyond that. On the pricing side, we are taking actions.  I think many of our competitors are taking similar actions, but will take some time for us to -- for those actions to really hit our P&L. I do expect them to be beneficial to 2022, but the timing will be a little more back-end loaded because we are carrying such a large backlog.  We have nearly $1.5 billion of backlog. We talked about growing it over a billion, we started the year with $420 million, so we're nearly at $1.5 billion. That takes some time to burn through and that's not going to be impacted by the pricing actions as much as the future of orders will be, so you'll start to see some benefit.  How that all plays out is something we're -- it's just too early for us to quantify and provide outlook on. But what I am confident on is our profitability overall next year and op margin will expand by at least 100 basis points.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, we are taking the pricing actions with that goal in mind to protect our gross margin, and I think to a degree at will. How much degree as what we're still working through and not willing to provide an outlook at this point? But absolutely, it should help offset and protect our gross margin, and that's why we're taking the actions.  From a customer acceptance perspective, I think overall, I would summarize it is they're not surprised. They're seeing it across the board, across most of their suppliers. We're seeing it across our suppliers.  This is something that's upstream and not surprising. Obviously, I don't think that they are necessarily jumping up for joy when we talk about price increases, but I think their understanding of it. And we feel that we'll be able to capture much of that price increase and be able to protect margins to the best of our ability.
Ken Miller: Yeah. Next year's outlook does not assume any new acquisitions. The acquisitions we made approximately 12 months ago are now baked in to our run rate and baked in to next year's outlook. Those businesses are growing.  And so, you would see a year-on-year improvement if we were to break that out, which we're not. But we have back that into our at least mid-single-digit Growth. But this is an organic Juniper as today, outlook for next year does not require any additional M&A.
Ken Miller: Are all 4 of the hyperscale’s. What scale giant amongst those 6? We don't break out that love detail as you know, Paul, I mean, I think it's a fair assumption that where the Capex is where you're going to see our biggest customers. So, where the spend is likely going to be where our top 10 customers are. But I'm not going to get into any more detail and say, 6 of our top 10 are Cloud customers.
Ken Miller: Yeah, I think given the strength of our backlog and that's the most tangible way to look at it. I mean, we have a hard order in place for a much greater percentage of next year's revenue than we normally would entering the year. So, I think that absolutely gives us better visibility than we are accustomed to as we enter in future periods.
Ken Miller: Yes. I don't want to get super specific on what others are doing individually, but I can tell you pricing actions, whether they'd be list Price actions, discount controls, or other types of actions or absolutely something that many Companies, I assume not just Juniper group, but even in other industries where they're getting input costs are rising pretty dramatically.  Many companies are exploring and implementing it. And I can tell you that so far, we have taken some actions, we'll continue to look at opportunities going forward. All in an effort to protect our gross margin. The [inaudible 00:55:41] costs are absolutely rising. I think that's not a secret.  It starts upstream with the wafers, and the fast, and then moves into our component suppliers, and they're seeing higher cost, and are looking to pass those on to us, and we're looking to pass those onto our customers. And so far, we feel that -- feel confident we are going to benefit from the actions we're taking, but it's just too early to commit to gross margin input -- gross margin outputs for next year.
