Ken Miller: Yes. So the supply chain environment remains very challenged as it has been for the last several quarters. Lead times from suppliers and to us are extremely extended. Sourcing supply is proving to be very difficult. And at times is coming at an increased cost. We did mention on the prepared remarks that in Q2 in particular, we did see a higher volume of decommits from suppliers. And this really forced us to pay more expedite fees and heavily leverage the broker markets more than we historically have. And that comes at a higher cost. So the good news for us is, I feel very proud of our abilities to navigate these curve balls and these situations. And we actually – as you saw, we actually beat our revenue midpoint for the quarter. And based on these actions we're taking, albeit, they do come at a cost. We feel confident that we are getting access to more supply. And we actually raised our guidance for the full year. So we do see supply getting improving from an absolute volume perspective, but it is coming at an incremental cost and it's difficult. I mean, every quarter seems to be a different challenge, but we seem to be doing a pretty good job in my opinion, navigating those challenges.
Ken Miller: Yes. It's difficult to quantify. I'll tell you that we had some large strategic suppliers that we were expecting supply early in the quarter than we received. We received some of it later in the quarter. The other impact we had was linearity in the quarter from a shipping perspective and invoicing perspective was also negatively impacted. So it was definitely greater than normal, Paul, but we haven't really given these numbers in the past, so it's hard to compare to historical norms.
Ken Miller: Yes. On the FY2023 kind of framework, over the last several quarters, as you know, we’ve built up an exceptional backlog. This is definitely providing us much greater long-term visibility than we historically had. Our backlog is now more than $2.4 billion, which is approximately 6x normal levels, so an exceptional backlog build. Also the investments we’re making in the supply chain we believe are starting to pay off. We did raise the full year this year, the second half we raised to get to a 10% full year guide in 2022. And we believe we’ll have access to supply to get to at least mid single digits next year. We haven’t provided FY2023 guidance as of yet. The only guidance you kind of have would be our long-term model, which was at least low single digits, which we provided over a year and a half ago. And we felt at this point, given the demand signals we’re seeing, given the supply that we believe will be able to procure, we think mid single digits is the right framework at this time, at least mid single digits.
Ken Miller: Yes. So without getting specific on Q4, I’m sure your models are pretty accurate Rod. We do think the year would be about 57%. Really we expect there to be a volume benefit in Q4. We also expect to see more and more of the pricing actions that we’ve taken play out as time passes. So those would be the primary factors. Again, I’m not providing specific Q4 guidance. I don’t have exact mix prediction at this point. But I do believe 57% for the year is the right place to be right now.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, I mean, you’re right. The backlog is unprecedented levels and, as how I see this year playing out, I can’t give you a precise number here. I will say this, I think they’ll remain elevated, kind of similar levels to where they are now. That would be my expectation as we kind of finish the second half of this year. And you are also are correct in that, the backlog should support our revenue for the next period of time, even if gross demand orders are down. And in fact, this quarter’s a good example of that, where we mentioned on the call that our orders were actually down single digits. But we not only delivered 10% product revenue growth. We also grew backlog $250 million, right? So there was a fair amount of room there in orders. And that just gives us confidence in our ability to generate revenue for sustainable future. And that’s one reason why we raised our guidance to at least mid-single-digits next year.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, you’re absolutely right. If you were to perform such a stretch, test our model, our revenue model, given the backlog, we have would still sustain at those types of declines in orders, those 20%, 30% declines. So your math is correct. And again, that gives us a lot of comfort in our revenue growth sustainability for the next couple of years here. On the geo mix, I would say it is absolutely a factor of what we’re able to ship? What supply we’re able to procure? It’s not quite as simple as first-in, first-out, because quite honestly, the supply chain is very dynamic, and we have shortages in some parts, and we have more parts available in others. So it’s really about supply availability. And that really results in the revenue profiles that you see really across the board, geographically, as well as in some level – in some cases, the vertical cuts and the customer solution views is really about supply at this point.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So as Rami mentioned, it really was a bit of a shortfall sequentially in our on-box Junos Space to perpetual licenses. These really are various features and functions of services that provide within our Junos operating system. And there is some timing of refract that's difficult to predict here. Some of it is on customer buying behaviors, whether or not some customers might buy the lowest base level operating system software at time of purchase with an upgrade to maybe an advance or premium license later. There's also some true-ups between hardware and software that happens periodically.  So the timing of this recognition, it's all perpetual software, it's all recognized immediately, but the timing could vary based on what they buy and when they choose to buy it. So that's really what we're seeing here. Overall our software business continues to perform quite well. I think we're ahead of the targets we set for ourself a year and a half ago with the Investor Day both from an overall software perspective, as well as our ARR target. So I feel very good about our software transformation and moving forward, I expect us to continue to have a very strong software story.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so I do believe those expedite fees and component costs the $155 million that I referenced is transitory and exactly the timeframe is difficult to predict, but I do believe if you go out, I don't know, a couple of two, three years you'll see the majority, if not all of those costs go away. However, the timing, how many – the expedite fees we're paying, the elevator freight we're paying it's hard to predict exactly what we're going to start to see that normalize. I do think we should see some benefit in 2023, but I'm not ready to quantify how much.
Ken Miller: And I would just comment, its demand is not the primary driver of our revenue outlook for 2023. That given the backlog, given the strength, we seeing the momentum we have, all the things Rami has mentioned demand would definitely imply, a higher level than a, mid at least mid single digits. It's really a supply, a constrained view at this point. And the good news is we see the supply, constraints being lessened. We expect volume to improve, which is why we thought giving you a number greater than what you had historically, which was at least low single digits with the prudent thing to do at this point.
Rami Rahim: I'd be happy to Paul. So I'm actually really pleased with our results with our cloud providers all up. I think the name of the game for us in the cloud provider space is diversification. I think we're seeing increased diversification among the hyperscalers to Tier 1 hyperscaler. So if one of our top hyperscale accounts goes through period of digesting orders that they've placed in the past or finding is another one will step in and compensate for that with more orders. And that happened – some of that happened in Q2 and then brought more broadly, our cloud majors customers saw great momentum and not just in routing, but also in data center switching and in 400 gig opportunities. So all up, I'm very pleased with the momentum we're seeing and I'm optimistic about the cloud provider vertical going forward.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I'd be happy to. So needless to say, I'm incredibly proud of the team for the results that they're continuing to deliver in the enterprise segment all up, very strong growth, both in terms of revenue, but also in terms of orders that grew 20% year-over-year, diversity in terms of the technology offering. So obviously we're seeing continued momentum with our AI driven enterprise solutions, but even our automated WAN saw a really great momentum this quarter. And a lot of that was driven by a resumption in spend by the federal government, which was kind of weak for the last several quarters. And I do expect that some of that is going to continue. So I'm actually quite optimistic about that. We are absolutely keeping a close eye on any sort of early warning indicators from a macro standpoint, any sort of headwinds, but so far, and you can see it from the order momentum we're seeing, we're not seeing any of that at this point in time. And I think the team has done a really nice job of just focusing on more macro resistant segments of the enterprise market. I think that's working in our favor. I also believe that the kinds of technologies that we're offering to our customers be it cloud delivered AI driven solutions, highly automated data center solutions are the kinds of solutions that I think our customers or prospects view as very strategic to their digital transformation initiatives. And so – and of that, I think you're going to see just more resilience to any sort of issues that might come our way in the future. So for all those reasons, technology differentiation, our go-to-market team, just crushing it focusing on the right sub-segments of the market, I continue to be very bullish about our enterprise business going forward.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Amit, let me start and I’m sure Ken would like to weigh in as well. So order strength remains robust and it remains robust across all of our segments. So I know when it comes to macro indicators, I think people are mostly concerned about what might happen to the enterprise, but you saw there, enterprise revenue double digit growth, enterprise orders growing at 20% year-over-year. We’re not going to be immune to any sort of major macro changes that happen. But we’ve got our early warning indicators sort of – we’re sort of scoping and making sure that there isn’t anything to be concerned about. And thus far I’d say there is not. I think we are playing in markets that are large, that where we have relatively small share where there’s tons of opportunity for us to compete. And we’re competing with solutions that I think are very strategic, especially in a situation where there are going to be cost pressures and the need for IT teams to start cutting costs. So for these reasons, I actually think even in the event that there were challenges – macro related challenges we can do quite well. And with that said, I’ll just pass it on to Ken for additional commentary.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So linearity in the quarter from an order’s perspective was very normal, right? We saw a very strong demand and bookings throughout the quarter. And we really didn’t see any sort of abnormally from a linearity perspective. That said, from a shipping and therefore invoicing, we did see a pretty backend loaded quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had some supplier de-commitments and we had to kind of recover and react to that. So we did ship later in the quarter than we normally do that had an impact on DSO. It had an impact on the cash flow, but also had an impact on freight cost as we had to take faster routes to get products to customers in the commitments we made to them. So it had a negative impact on a few of our metrics.
Rami Rahim: Yes, George, let me take a crack at it. And then Ken, you can jump in. So total software grew at 24% year-over-year, that’s a good result, but it was down sequentially. And that affected our margins because of mix in the Q2 timeframe. The software softness was really all in our perpetual offerings. And those can be lumpy, they can be – they can swing around positively or negatively based on orders of state certain capabilities from some of the largest customers that we have for routing and switching products. Subscription software importantly remains really strong, and you can see that in deferred revenue, you can see that in our ARR, which grew at 34% year-over-year. So, I’m actually really confident in our ability to achieve our long-term software projections [ph], as well as our ARR. And then Ken, you can talk a little bit more about the mix issues in Q2.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, so MX actually went up, so our hardware mix on the routing side and automated WAN side was up, that said some of these perpetual software licenses that I was mentioning before actually were attributed up to our automated WAN solutions. So the software mix with automated WAN was down a bit, some of these perpetual licenses that we've talked about, but overall the hardware mix was up. But it wasn't at the expense of access points. We continued to sell a lot of access points as well. You saw the results in IDE up 17%, so really strength in both the MX/automated-WAN business, as well as our IDE business.
Rami Rahim: Sorry. We’re going to interrupt you. Could you repeat the question? We had a little glitch here. So we missed a part of your question and sorry to bother you, but we’re going to need you to repeat it.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I’d be happy to. So I do think the one area where we are most obviously taking share is going to be in the enterprise and more specifically in the client to cloud. So that includes wired, wireless, and increasingly it’s going to include a full stack solution of wired, wireless and SD-WAN because we’re now pretty much integrated our 128 Technology SD-WAN solution into that end-to-end AI driven enterprise capability. So the numbers speak for themselves, double-digit revenue growth, double-digit order growth and all that. Very, very pleased there. I don’t think that’s the only place where we’re taking share. I do think in terms of 400-gig opportunities now that 400-gig has moved from discussions and PowerPoints into competitive bakeoffs. I do think that we are winning share wherever there is a net new opportunity, be it for our service about our core, where I just talked in my prepared remark about our new win, new data center, cloud WAN opportunities. I do think and time will tell as this translates to actual revenue results and actual share results. I do think this is an area where we’re performing very well and we are taking share. The last area that I will mention that I think is going to be an obvious place where we’re going to take share, because we’re really starting from very little is in the Metro. 5G is a real thing. It’s driving fiber build outs by service providers. We are essentially very small players in the Metro because we’ve never really had a complete portfolio and we just announced that complete portfolio and it should essentially come together and be fully in production by the early part of next year. So even in the absence of that solution, we’re seeing a 100 plus percent year-over-year growth in orders for ACX. I think that will only accelerate once we’ve got that complete solution. I’m sure there are other areas where we’re doing very well data center for example, but those the areas that I’d say are top of mind right now in terms of the biggest opportunity for share take.
Rami Rahim: Thanks Angela for the question. I’ll start, first, I think it’s a hypothetical question, because I said, I think order strength remains very high. We don’t see any obvious indicators that there is going to be macro headwinds, but of course it’s our job to stay very vigilant and to just make sure that we’re looking for any early warning indicators. In terms of what one would expect would be with the other challenging areas, service providers and cloud providers tend to have very strategic long-term projects. And for that reason, I would expect that they would be more macro resilient. But even in the enterprise where I would say that most people would expect that there might be the biggest risks if there were macro headwinds, there what we have going for us, as I mentioned earlier is we have massive TAMs, total addressable markets, 30 plus billions – billion dollars across our client to cloud and data center. We’re relatively small player with small share, a very differentiated solution and plenty of room to grow even if there are in fact macro headwinds that affect that TAM. And I think part of the results we’re posting are a little bit of a proof point for that.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So it is going to feather in over time. We are seeing more and more benefit each quarter. So Q2 this last quarter we saw more benefit than we saw in Q1. And I expect us to see more benefit here in the second half from the pricing actions. The actions we're about ready to take, we really aren't going to start to play until probably FY 2023, given the backlog. And again, I expect that to feather in overtime and be incremental over time as we move into the 2023 quarters. The unfortunate reality is the benefit we're seeing is getting more than offset by the cost, right? When we put the actions in place, we had some assumptions on the incremental costs, the expedite fees, great costs, et cetera, and we undershot – we overshot I should say or the cost overshot those expectations. So we are seeing some benefit. There is more of the pricing benefit in the backlog yet to come, that's going to continue to help us in the future quarters. But at this point we just don't see that help enough to really keep the margin range where we started the year at 58 to 60.
Rami Rahim: Yes. It's a good question. First, I want to just clarify. The 80 or so wins are data center 400-gig wins, we've actually we're now seeing close to accumulative 400 wins across data center and wide area in service provider and in the cloud provider segments. In terms of where we are, I mean, if you looked at port mix between 100-gig and 400-gig, both in terms of orders and shipments, it's still at early innings for 400-gig. There are a lot more networks that are going to be built out with 400-gig. So we viewed these sorts of network interface happen once every several years, maybe four or five years or so. We're now at the beginning stages of one of those inflections and that's good for our industry, certainly good for Juniper.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So on the software volatility, we did, I mentioned buying patterns vary and the reality is in Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year, we saw some of those above normal buying patterns where customers were either doing true-ops or maybe upgrading their software system from a base level to a more advanced or premium level. So we did see some of the, kind of the high water marks of that volatility in the past few quarters. In Q2, I think we saw a little bit more of a normal kind of hardware to software attach, and at this point I'm expecting the rest of the year to be largely similar to Q2. That said customers could surprise me and might upgrade their software stack here in the futures and will obviously be available for that when – if they decide to do that. So it's difficult to predict. I wouldn't call it out as any sort of customer pattern. It's really just more about timing of when they purchase perpetual software. And we had a couple quarters of highs and now I think we're back to kind of a normal from a perpetual perspective, as Rami mentioned, our subscription software, our SaaS software is growing well beyond normal, right. We continue to grow at extremely high levels on that part of our software portfolio. From an inventory perspective, I don't think we've seen the end of the inventory built. You know, we are still, if you look at our, open purchase orders we are absolutely putting a demand signal out there that supports what we think is our demand opportunity. And that's a, that's going to result in more inventory, what's happening out there is you're, we are definitely seeing constrained in certain parts, but there's other parts of the bill of material that are not constrained. And that's really the part of the inventory that's building up, as we start to get some of the more critical parts, we'll be able to ship, our backlog and we'll see the inventory level start to go down. So I don't think inventory's going to start to, decline until we start to see supply chains really improve and backlog levels start to come down.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I'm sorry, Sami but that's not a level of detail I'm prepared to comment on, on this call. I'll say that, I would expect it to normalize by, call of four quarters out. So by the late this year, we should see some normalization from the action we took last year. But as far as the percentage of total revenue, I'm not prepared to comment on at this call.
Rami Rahim: Let me start, I think the key here is that we didn't say it's 5%. We said, it's, at least 5%, or at least mid single digits. If in fact the markets play out, as we expect, and there aren't any major sort of challenges macro wise. Yes, the opportunity is absolutely there for us, not just to meet, but to exceed that's bar that we are setting for ourselves. It's just a little early right now. I don't think we typically provide color on the next year in this timeframe, but we thought we'd start at this point in time. And yes, I mean, I've talked quite a bit, even on this call alone about some of the catalysts around 5G clarification efforts, 400 gig enterprise. Yes. I mean, I think these are all catalysts that can give us the opportunity to exceed that outlook.
