Ken Miller: Yes. So from an order decline perspective, I would want to remind you that it really is about the comparison. So a year ago, we were still receiving a lot of early orders, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a year ago, the orders were over $1.1 billion. Now what’s happening is customers are actually receiving those orders and are no longer placing early orders as lead times are now coming in. So, you’re really seeing last year the orders were actually greater than real demand, if you will. This year, as we normalize, they’re less than what I would say is real demand as they’re leveraging what they already booked and no longer booking early orders. So that’s why you’re seeing those year-on-year declines. From a vertical perspective, we did see a slight decline in Enterprise, a very slight decline there. The majority of the client was in Service Provider and Cloud as those were the ones that were having the more normalization required compared to prior bookings. And I would say, in particular, in Q1, we did see Cloud was our weakest vertical from an orders perspective for some of the reasons that Rami mentioned in his prepared remarks. On the backlog perspective, we definitely expect to exit the year at elevated levels. I would say more than twice what we normally were from a backlog perspective pre-pandemic. So we used to be around $400 million, give or take, a little bit. I expect to exit north of $800 million, more than double normal levels as we close the year out.
Ken Miller: Yes. And from a revenue perspective, I’ll just reiterate what Rami said that the quarterly results is largely due to just timing of supply and timing of deployments. We do expect cloud revenue to recover from Q1 levels. I don’t think the Q1 levels for cloud is going to be the new norm. You saw a little bit of a shift from a supply and timing of projects towards Service Provider in Q1 with a large growth in Service Provider. Cloud was down more than expected in Q1. That will normalize as we proceed to burn through the backlog and demand.
Ken Miller: Yes. So normalized orders, we talked on the last call that really what we did to create normalized orders or adjusted orders was removed early ordering. Since there are no longer really early ordering happening, in fact, the opposite is happening is they’re consuming previously placed early orders, we are no longer providing orders just because we no longer have customers ordering ahead, right? Lead times are coming in, -- so that phenomenon is no longer necessary. That’s why we stopped disclosing adjusted orders. It’s just not a phenomenon…
Ken Miller: No problem. On the margin perspective, we expect to expand operating margin greater than 100 basis points this year. That is not a one-year phenomenon. I expect to expand operating margin for years to come. There’s absolutely no reason why we won’t get back into the 20-plus operating margin situation in due course. It’s something we’re very focused on as we add leverage to this business as we continue to grow sustainably on the top line perspective, and actually growing expenses lower than revenue and expanding our operating margin leverage for years to come. Gross margin is a little more difficult to predict. I’ll just give you some of the levers. Clearly, volume will help, software will help but we obviously have the headwind of the mix, right, where we are going to be expanding at a faster rate, some of our lower-margin systems which will have a bit of a headwind to overall margin capability. Last but not least, would be some of the normalization and transitory costs that should also give us a lift into the future. So without giving a number, I think there’s opportunity to expand gross margin, but the one I’m really focused on and feel very confident about is expanding operating margin.
Ken Miller: Yes. So for the order growth it’s kind of difficult to provide more color. I mean I tried to provide -- I did provide last year’s number of greater than 1.1, and we did decline this year by greater than 30%. So that’s really how the math works. I mean, one thing I will point out that I know some folks models don’t account for is our SaaS business. So our SaaS business shows up in bookings, but does not show up in backlog. It’s only a product backlog number. And since SaaS is a service revenue stream, it is missing from a lot of the model. So that might help you translate kind of your model versus our actual results. On the operating margin question, we haven’t really provided a guide or a target for the year. We’re providing a floor, right, greater than 100 basis points. Yes, I did up the gross margin guide, but there’s still a plus or minus factor there. If we deliver 58% or gross margin, our current estimate is approximately 58%, give or take, that should translate to more than the minimum on the operating margin line of 100. So, we haven’t really provided an operating margin target, just more of a floor of greater than 100.
Ken Miller: Yes. And on the kind of seasonality of the order rates, I just want to make sure -- we’ve talked about it, but I want to make sure people really understand the Q1 2023 orders were below normal. I mean, I think that’s the best way to think about it. If normal orders were $100 and prior year orders were greater than normal, say, 120, this quarter, they’re below normal, say, 80, just to get back to the normalized true growth of 100. So that’s what’s happening in Q1 results, which is why you’re seeing the year-on-year decline that we mentioned. I expect orders to get back to closer to normal, closer to that 100 normalization by the end of the year, by Q4. And by the way, Q4 is typically our seasonally our largest quarter. So I do expect sequential growth from here possibly returning to growth by Q4. And those growth rates you’ve mentioned between Q4 and Q1 are absolutely directionally correct. I mean, we expect to see fairly significant growth from this Q1 order level.
Ken Miller: Yes. So headcount is up year-over-year, and there’s really a couple of things happening. One, we’ve been talking about quite a bit, which is we are investing in sales, particularly enterprise sales, as we believe we have a lot of opportunity to take advantage of the product differentiation we have and scale that business and grow much faster than market, which we’ve been doing, obviously, and expect to continue to do for quite some time. So there is an intentional investment in enterprise sales globally. The other thing I would mention is really it’s about -- some of it is about low cost, high cost as we continue to grow predominantly in lower-cost regions. So you’re not seeing the dollars necessarily tied to the headcount growth that you might expect. And the big focus is operating margin leverage. And we’re seeing that. We have been delivering that from a revenue to expense ratio perspective over the last couple of years, and we expect to continue to do that this year. So we are very committed to managing the bottom line and expanding operating margin.
Ken Miller: Yes. I think the primary driver there is our perpetual software, which does tend to be lumpy. And we did see a little bit less of that in this particular period than, say, a year ago period. The more ratable software is clearly growing sustainably, but it’s still -- it’s the minority of our overall software business as our on-box Flex model -- Flex licenses is still the lion’s share of our software overall, the fastest-growing piece is the SaaS piece, which is why you’re seeing ARR grow like it did.
Ken Miller: Yes. So we’ve kind of talked generically that average lead times were kind of in the kind of 9 months range. Some products were actually 12 months or even slightly greater kind of back in the height of the lead time extension, which was about a year ago. Now, we’re seeing on average something less than 6 months, right? We’re seeing, I would say, kind of 4 to 6 months would be kind of a better average. So that’s basically 3-plus months or a full quarter where a customer that was buying consistently quarter in and quarter out, could literally skip a quarter and provide no bookings and still be fine with our new lead times coming in to the degree that they have.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, the inventory constraints are getting lessened. As I mentioned, on average, the amount of constraint is less. That’s why lead times are coming down, our lead times to our customers are coming down fairly materially. So we’re starting to be able to turn inventory quicker. But what you are seeing is the backlog of purchase orders, right? I’m sure you’ve been tracking our purchase order commitments. A year ago, they were north -- almost $3 billion, $2.8 billion. They’ve come down quite a bit. They’re about $2.3 billion expected this quarter, but we’re still receiving those orders, right? So, we are going to see, I think, inventory plateau in the summer, probably Q2 or Q3. And then, you’ll start to see the outflows of inventory faster than the inflows of the previously committed purchase orders that we, in many cases, put on the books upwards of a year ago because the lead times to our component providers are over a year long. So, you’re seeing that flow through the inventory.
Ken Miller: Yes. I think that’s really a bookings commentary, right, where you’re going to see some lumpiness at large cloud on a year ago. They might have had to book 12 months’ worth of demand a year ago because our lead times were what they were. Now they no longer need to book that level of demand. So that could result in some of this normalization we’ve been talking about on the bookings side. On the revenue side, it’s really about timing of supply. I mean you’re going to see ups and downs. You’ve seen in the past quarters, you’ll see it going forward. The revenue decline of 14% for cloud is not what I believe the new norm is going to be. It just is a factor of what we shipped in Q1, and I’m sure it will recover from there going forward.
Ken Miller: I mean I agree, we did raise the revenue guidance for this year to at least 9%, reflecting really the Q1 overachievement as well as the expectations embedded in Q2. We are comfortable with the second half estimates as they currently are for this year, and we encourage you to keep those estimates unchanged. But that does result in a raise for this year. But that doesn’t come at normalizing backlog completely. We still expect to exit the year at least twice what we would consider to be normal backlog levels, probably greater than double backlog levels. So, that’s something that will also lead into next year as well.
Ken Miller: Yes. So the pricing actions we took over the past couple of years are playing a benefit. If you were to look at our revenue growth this year that we just posted, 2% to 3% of that growth was likely you could attribute to pricing increases. And I think that’s going to roughly be the impact to revenue this full year, roughly 3%, give or take, of our growth of at least 9% would likely be tied to pricing. You’re also seeing that show up in the gross margin line. But just to remind you, our price increase wasn’t intended to recover gross margin. It was really about gross profit. So although gross margin is under pressure, we are offsetting the costs that we’re getting on a one-for-one basis. We’re just -- we’re not creating 60% margin on the cost increases that we’re having to absorb, but we’re actually trying to offset those costs and make them one for one, which does result in margin, not necessarily bouncing back, but it does help the bottom line and obviously EPS. So, as costs were to normalize and we could still hold price, that’s when you would start to see margin expansion because of the actions we took. So far, we’re not seeing supply costs come down materially at all. And maybe there might be a couple of components where you’re seeing some reductions, but for the most part, component pricing are staying fairly stable. We are seeing some good signs on the freight side. I will point out that we did see a reduction in freight costs on a per kilogram basis in Q1, and that was encouraging. So, some of those transitory costs on the freight side, we’re starting to see normalized, but on the other parts of the transitory costs, we have yet to see a meaningful reduction.
Ken Miller: Yes. So backlog came down largely in line with our expectations, right? We knew the normalizations of ordering was coming as lead times were coming in and the need to place early orders was effectively gone, and customers are now comfortable consuming previously placed orders and no longer need to place new orders. So we knew that the bookings pattern was largely going to play out the way it did. Supply was also a little bit better than we expected, which is why we beat the Q1 revenue guidance. But we’re talking about an extra $30 million there. So maybe backlog is down about $30 million more than I expected. But overall, it’s pretty much in line with my expectations. I do think it will continue to come down. I do not believe it’s going to be $350 million, give or take, every single quarter. I think as booking starts to normalize, and we’ve been talking about how we think that could start happening throughout this year, starting now, and we actually could return to growth in Q4 and be effectively normal by the end of the year, you will then see backlog moderate. The decline in backlog start to moderate. We expect to exit the year with elevated backlog, not normal, elevated backlog, greater than $800 million, which is more than 2 times kind of our normal backlog levels.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Let me take that, Tim. So first, I want to highlight that in Q1, what we saw mostly was a function of our ability to ship products that our customers in the Cloud segment wanted. Your question, I think, is more around sort of the demand dynamics in the Cloud. And on that, I’d say that there definitely is a bit more scrutiny of certain projects. There were some projects that did move out in time. It’s not specific to any one customer. It’s not even specific to the Tier 1 hyperscale cloud provider. I would say it’s a little bit broader than that. Having said all that, I want to emphasize that the projects that we have been engaged in around 400-gig upgrades, for example, data center interconnect, data center fabric, pluggable optics, DR, DR-plus type of use cases remain intact. I mean, I have not seen project cancellations in cloud. I’ve only seen an adjustment in the timing of those projects, which is sort of impacting the demand environment in the Cloud segment. So I expect that that -- sort of that impact to last for the next few quarters, but I do fully expect that it will recover.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Paul, thanks. So I’m not sure if I can give you that much more color than I just provided. I’ll say that we started to see some of the delays early in the quarter. Like I said, I don’t think it’s specific to any one customer. The most important thing I want to highlight to you all is that I do not believe that this is permanent. So, if it was permanent then the projects that we are engaging in -- when I say engaging in, I mean, in labs, testing specific features, capabilities, 400-gig density, power efficiency, all of these things that matter a lot to our cloud customers are still very much active. They are in motion. And so what we thought in terms of certain ramp for some projects has simply moved out in time. And by how much, it’s sort of difficult to know exactly, but I’d say sort of a few quarters. And I fully expect that the cloud demand environment is going to come back and if not by the end of this year, then next year.
Rami Rahim: Okay. So I appreciate that clarification. So let me say a few things about the broader environment. We did mention that customers, IT professionals, CIOs are scrutinizing orders all up. I think that’s a generic statement that really applies across all verticals. Having said that, I feel very good about our enterprise business, about the enterprise demand environment itself in that there are still large strategic projects around digital transformation for which our solutions are very well suited for both in the AI enterprise client to cloud as well as in the data center. And I also feel very good about the fact that we are a very differentiated player in a massive opportunity with relatively modest share. So, the opportunity even in a challenged macro environment for us to see growth in this segment or in this vertical, I should say, is very good, which is why Ken just mentioned that we anticipate that we can grow revenue and orders in our enterprise business for the year. And certainly, I believe beyond that as well. I will then just add to that, in the service provider space, 400-gig projects for core and edge upgrades are also still there. I’m actually feeling quite good about our service provider business for this year. You’re going to -- I don’t think you should expect the same sort of revenue we saw in the Q1 time frame to repeat because that’s very much a timing of -- a function of the timing of supply. But all in all, we’ve beaten our long-term model for the service provider’s vertical for the last two years in a row. And actually, based on current trends, expect to beat it again this year.
Rami Rahim: So let me start, Samik. So, in terms of the return to seasonally, it was more of a broad statement around our revenue for the year. I’d say that it definitely applies to our Enterprise and our Service Provider. Cloud provider will depend a little bit on some of the project push-outs that I just highlighted that, I think, again, will be temporary. So that might change things for the next couple of quarters in Cloud. I think you also touched on some of the banking fears, et cetera, and impact of that to the demand environment, and where you would expect it to impact us would be in our enterprise business. And I’ll say that, no, we have not seen anything material or significant to the demand environment for our Enterprise solutions. And in fact, in some ways, I kind of view that the challenges that do exist in macro today is forcing enterprises to take a hard look at digital transformation as a means of creating greater levels of efficiency in their operations by leveraging automation, artificial intelligence, and AI is in fact the biggest element of differentiation in our enterprise solutions. So, it’s creating a bit of a -- somewhat of a positive effect in certain parts of our enterprise business that we’re taking advantage of.
Rami Rahim: Yes. We haven’t really broken out that part of the business. But I will say that Apstra for us, the measure of success that matters the most is data center sales -- data center competitive displacements. And what Apstra does is to give us like a sort of a weapon that enables us to do just that because it is truly a unique solution in the market and that it is the only open solution, it’s a truly scalable solution, it’s the first really pioneered the concept of intent-based networking that makes fabric management ongoing operations data center super simple. So from that standpoint, it’s becoming increasingly meaningful. New customer wins are growing meaningfully on a year-over-year basis. And even if the software component of the sale is relatively small, what we’re finding is that the hardware pull-through can actually be quite large. And in those deals, Apstra is the tip of the spear in terms of how we compete effectively.
Rami Rahim: This really comes down to the customer conversations that we have each and every day in the normal due course of business. The competitiveness and differentiation of our solutions right now, really across the board. Enterprise 400-gig offerings for SP and Cloud, of course, we also have a pipeline of funnel that we scrutinize carefully. All of these factors give us confidence that order patterns should improve from here and could, in fact, result in year-over-year growth by the end of the year.
Rami Rahim: Well, I think Ken touched on this, but I think the biggest factor in terms of just the order dynamics, the demand environment is that a year ago, they were placing orders for extended lead times for a year-plus out. Today, if the same cloud provider were to make an order -- and Juniper product, they would not have to wait as long. So the combination of these two things results in them going through a period of digestion. Basically, there is no need for them to place as many orders this quarter Q1 compared to Q1 of last year. I think honestly, that is the simplest way I can say what is happening in the Cloud segment right now.
Rami Rahim: I don’t have full visibility, to be honest. I mean, I suspect some of it did go into a network, some of it did go into some level of inventory. But the net effect of it is they are going to -- for the next couple of quarters or so going to place less orders, consume the orders that they placed a year ago for which they do not need to place additional orders because they’re going to be getting actual gear working through deployments. In the meantime, they are engaging with us on future projects, future build-outs. And that gives me a lot of optimism that we will get back to a normal state of affairs in Cloud by the end of this year or, let’s say, early next year.
Rami Rahim: Well, all of the wins that we’ve cited in past quarters are meaningful, and they remain important, and they will help us even in the event of some slowdown or push-outs some projects. I mean having the win is still something that we’re very proud of and will help our cloud business. If not, as soon as we expected, maybe a little later, but it will still help. I think beyond that, I wouldn’t read too much into it.
Rami Rahim: Let me start, and Ken, you probably want to jump in here as well. So I do think that we can grow revenue in 2024. We are not going to provide a number on this call, but certainly, as we get closer, we will provide. And I also do think that we can achieve good profitability in 2024. And the reason for my optimism would be, first, the Enterprise business is now our largest segment and our fastest growing. And I’ve already provided commentary on how bullish I am about Enterprise even in a weaker economic environment. The Cloud provider weakness, I believe, is temporary, and I am a big believer in the growth potential of Cloud in the mid- to long term. Order patterns are going to improve from where we were in Q1. I think we’ve hit a trough in Q1, and we should start to see better order patterns going forward, and still elevated backlog relative to historicals by the end of the year. All of these factors lead me to believe that profitable revenue growth for ‘24 is absolutely possible, and we can do it.
Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly. So let me first talk a little bit about the market opportunity because if you look at the Service Provider vertical all up, there are different layers of that network, the layer of the network that, in fact, is growing the fastest from a total addressable market standpoint is the Metro, which is why we think it’s such an interesting area for us. Second, it’s relatively straightforward for Juniper to enter into this market segment because we have great customers that leverage our solutions in the core, in the edge, love our network operating system, Junos, and would love to see us extend that into the Metro layers of their network. In fact, we’ve already seen a number of wins with our ACX portfolio, which is the name of the product family that serves the Metro market as a result of customers just being familiar with and very much liking the operational aspects of our network operating system. In terms of the opportunity, it’s still way more ahead of us than behind us because really the solution is just now coming together. The differentiation has to do with the fact that we’ve really built a sustainable portfolio that’s very power efficient, leverages the latest silicon technology, has certain embedded security capabilities. And very importantly, many of the lessons that we have learned in terms of the operations and automation of a network in our Enterprise segment with our Marvis AI ops engine, we are taking and applying to the Metro. And the customer feedback on that strategy has been phenomenal. So again, I feel really good about this part of the -- this part of our strategy, and I think it can be very successful for us in the future. And that weighs into why I’m somewhat bullish about SP for the year.
Rami Rahim: Well, so software is pretty much an element of every strategic solution we’re selling across our three solution areas, right? In the enterprise, the Mist SaaS software is a necessary component of every solution that we sell across wireless, increasingly wired and WAN. In the data center space, the Apstra is an optional attach. However, it is the way in which we are competing and taking share most effectively in the data center segment today, and I’ve provided some color as to the growth that’s happening with Apstra-led data center wins. In the Service Provider space, this is a software solution we call Paragon that we’re really now sort of putting together, and we are seeing early sales in the Metro. But like I just mentioned, it’s still relatively early days right now in terms of the Metro opportunity. I’m not sure if I addressed your question, but I hope I did.
Rami Rahim: So I’ll just end by saying despite the macro challenges that are out there, I remain very confident in the business. This is why we’ve, in fact, increased our 2023 revenue outlook to at least 9%. And also, we are -- we believe that we will deliver over 100 basis points of operating margin expansion. But most importantly, I think that we can achieve sustainable revenue growth and profitability in this business, not just this year, but 2024 and beyond. And thanks, everyone, for participating in the call today.
