Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. The results for the second quarter of 2017 reflect good sequential and year-over-year revenue growth, continued expansion of earnings and healthy cash flows. The industry shift towards cloud networking continued to play to our strengths. The Cloud vertical grew 32% year-over-year, and from a product perspective, we had a record revenue quarter in Switching led by the QFX product family. In addition, our Services business remained solid, posting 9% year-over-year growth, driven by continued strong renewal and attach rates. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, four were Cloud, five were Telecom or Cable, and one was a Strategic Enterprise. Of these customers, two were located outside of the United States. These revenue results reflect the focus and dedication we have made toward diversification of our revenue across technologies, markets and geographies. Moving on to non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP product gross margin was down year-over-year primarily due to three factors. First, customer mix as we continued to expand our footprint with certain strategic customers, particularly with cloud and telecom customers in Asia Pac. Second, product mix, primarily related to the strong performance of Switching. And finally, as expected, the higher cost for certain memory components. We continue to see year-over-year strength in non-GAAP service gross margin due to higher service revenue and continued improvements in our customer support model. For the quarter, non-GAAP operating expenses were $496 million, reflecting our continued discipline around operating expenses. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased $0.07 year-over-year, driven by higher revenue, partially offset by lower gross margin. I am pleased with the healthy cash flow from operations in the quarter of $299 million, which brings our first half cash flow from operations to $844 million. DSO was 52 days, reflecting a return to normalized invoicing linearity. We continue to return capital to shareholders, and during the second quarter, we repurchased $125 million of shares and paid $38 million in dividends. Before we move on to Q&A, I would like to provide some color on our guidance, which you can find detailed in the CFO commentary available on our website. We remain committed to the financial principles we outlined at the beginning of the year, which are: we expect revenue growth for the year, we are focused on earnings expansion with long-term consistency, and intend to maintain an optimized capital structure. In addition, we remain committed to delivering strong operating cash flow. We continue to expect revenue growth for 2017 to be near the midpoint of our long-term model range of 3% to 6%. As I shared with you last quarter, some elements of our addressable markets are challenged, and timing of customer deployments may vary. We are pleased with our product portfolio and expect to see continued strength from the Cloud vertical. For the remainder of 2017, we expect similar gross margin dynamics as seen in the first half of the year. We are focused on driving non-GAAP earnings expansion for the full year through revenue growth, operating expense discipline and strong execution. As we stated last quarter, we are driving to our long-term model of 39% of non-GAAP operating expense as a percentage of revenue for the full year. We intend to return approximately 50% of annual free cash flow to our shareholders inclusive of share repurchases and dividends. In closing, I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's success. Now, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Sure. So, yeah, as we mentioned the product mix to Switching has had a drag on the overall gross margin. Clearly Switching continues to outpace our long-term model expectations. And while the over-performance is having a positive effect on gross profit and overall earnings, it does have a minor impact in our margin. As far as getting the margins up, it's like all of our products, continuing to innovate, continuing to sell that innovation, continuing to focus on cost, is what – designing for cost, designing for value initiatives, as well as just making sure that we focus on what matters to our customers from a product differentiation perspective. I do think there will be more and more service – sorry, software attach within all of our product lines including Switching. So that should also provide some tailwinds for the Switching business going forward. Last but not least, I would say even with these kind of margin (15:05) dynamic that we're seeing, we're very focused on overall growth, profit expansion and earnings expansion. I'm very pleased that we're able to deliver that in the first half and Q2.
Ken Miller: I'll touch on gross margin, but before I do, I just want to talk about federal government for a second. It was up sequentially. We did see year-on-year decline in federal government. So Rami's comments about the broad enterprise really carrying the day from a year-on-year perspective is spot on. But we did see some sequential growth in the federal government space in Q2. On a gross margin perspective, the three factors that we outlined last quarter are the same three factors this quarter. It really is customer mix, as we expand our footprint with certain strategic customers, particularly in telco, cloud in Asia Pac region. The second one being product mix, as I already talked about the Switching being a very profitable business for us. Obviously, we're very pleased with the performance of that technology. It does come with a slight drag to the margin percentage. And last but not least was the DRAM memory pricing, you mentioned, Rod. We don't break out the exact specifics, but I can say that all three were relatively proportionate and they're kind of factors as headwinds to margin. The one that was probably a bigger headwind than we anticipated when we set the midpoint of the guidance, the one that's the reason why we're on the low end of the guidance, if you will, would be the customer mix. We definitely saw some opportunity to take down some deals, expand our footprint in certain parts of the world that we think are going to be in the long term best interests of the company. And given that we're able to deliver the revenue and earnings expansion that we were focused on, we went ahead and did that in Q2.
Ken Miller: Yes, from a second half revenue perspective, as you know, our revenue is largely deployment based, and therefore, it tends to be pretty lumpy. We did provide specific guidance for Q3 at $1.320 billion, which is up approximately 3% year-on-year. We did not provide Q4 guidance as you mentioned, but we did reiterate that we expect to be within our range, and in fact, near the midpoint of that range. I will say Q4, we expect clearly to be sequentially up. We did have a strong first half this year and we had a pretty strong second half last year. So the year-on-year growth rates, I would expect to decelerate in the second half as compared to second half of 2016. But I do still expect sequential growth and to be comfortably within our target of 3% to 6% kind of near that midpoint area.
Ken Miller: Yes, I wouldn't characterize it as conservatism, I would characterize it as appropriate. There's a lot of factors to go into our guidance, clearly deal visibility, backlog, deferred revenue, et cetera. And I would also reiterate that we said near the midpoint, so between 3% to 6% is our long-term target. We expect to be near the midpoint. And I still think that will hold true going into Q3 and Q4 when we get to the full year of near midpoint.
Ken Miller: Yeah. And as it relates to the cost structure, as the shift to the cloud momentum continues, I would say, I mean, the first thing I'll note is we have a highly leveraged R&D organization. So Routing, Switching and Security is highly leveraged across most of our engineers and what they bring to market in those areas. We'll continue that leverage and the cloud is really – as we deliver products to the cloud, it should be right in our sweet spot of Routing, Switching and Security. So there's a tremendous amount of leverage there. From a go-to-market perspective, we already have, as you can see from the results, a very successful strategy in winning with the cloud providers and the go-to-market coverage model there is actually quite efficient as compared to, let's say, a broad channel coverage model as an example. So that's something that we'll continue to see going forward. From a, would will we invest more, I mean, there's a lot of areas, a lot of emerging technology areas that we're continuing to invest in now. And I could see that investment step up over the years as we continue to evolve into new architectures, new kind of software areas of focus that we've been talking about for quite some time.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So we did, obviously, guidance for Q3 at 62.0%, plus or minus 0.5 point. For the full year, I still expect the gross margin to be in that 62% to 63% range that we talked about on the last call. That's really the line what we expect, and we still continue to focus on earnings expansion. And I expect earnings to expand actually at a faster rate than revenue for FY 2017. So that's something we're very focused on for this year, kind of, despite some of the gross margin headwinds that we're seeing. From a longer term, I'm not going to provide guidance beyond this year, but I will say that there's a tremendous amount of focus internally on gross margin. Clearly, it all starts with the right product and innovation and product differentiation. And that's something that Juniper really has historically been our strong suit and that will continue to be our strong suit going forward. So making sure we provide the right products at the right price point is something we'll continue to drive. There's opportunity within our cost structure, we've been working on it for the last couple of years, but I still think there's some opportunity to get our cost structure down particularly in the area of designing for value, making sure that we're spending some of our technical resource on not just features and performance, but also some of the cost drivers that matter to our customers today. And last but not least is the software business, which we mentioned on multiple times. In addition to all this focus on gross margin, we're going to continue to be very focused on OpEx management and overall profitability and that's really what's driving a lot of our business decisions today.
Ken Miller: Yeah. Sure. So as you mentioned, Jim, there's a balance that we're trying to achieve here. So clearly, revenue growth is one of our highlights for the first half. We were up 9% for the first half, 7% for Q2, 11% for Q1. That did come at a gross margin decrement, but overall, we're growing gross profits. And gross profits really lead to earnings expansion, and that's really where we're focusing as a company. We had very strong earnings expansion in the first half, and I continue to see earnings expansion for the full year. From a where is margin headed, we did talk about 62% for Q3 guidance, because we expect similar dynamics that we saw in Q2 to persist in Q3. And since the revenue levels are similar, we'd expect the margin levels to also be kind of similar in that range. Beyond that, we've already mentioned all the initiatives to work on gross profit going forward and gross margin going forward, but we aren't providing any guidance beyond the FY 2017 kind of color that we've already provided. It's hard to say – given the dynamic nature, it's really difficult to have visibility into gross margins beyond kind of the next couple of quarters at this point.
Ken Miller: Yeah, and I think you also asked about within the Cloud vertical, the product mix dynamics. And while we don't break out specific products within customer vertical, we have mentioned in the past that the Cloud vertical does have a higher proportion of Switching than say the Telco vertical. That said, it still is predominantly majority of the Cloud vertical is Routing, as most of our revenue is coming from Routing and that applies to the Cloud vertical as well, but we are seeing Switching become a bigger and bigger piece of that overall vertical historically and I think that will continue going forward.
Rami Rahim: Actually, Rod, let me start. And then Ken, why don't you weigh in? So on the first question around growth, goes without saying we're pleased with what we've seen in the first half of the year. We're off to a strong start for 2017. It certainly gives us confidence that we can meet our objective of achieving revenue growth and earnings growth in 2017 all up. Having said that, with respect to the specific verticals, remain optimistic about Cloud vertical. A lot of focus inside the company at maintaining the momentum in the Cloud. However, we've always said that the Cloud vertical is going to have some lumpiness. There's going to be a timing of deployment factor that we need to weigh into our overall outlook on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Telco, it's going to be more of the same. I think nothing really changes all that much either in the positive or the negative direction. The engagement level with our telco customers is very high. And it's all very much around new architectures, new ways of driving service revenues, et cetera. But the new mode of operation, the new build-out that drive these new modes of service delivery are just going to take some time. So we're not expecting anything materially different in the short term. Enterprise, there actually in Q2, we saw some good momentum with the exception of the federal government. And there, we have to see how the federal government spending plays out for the rest of the year. But generally speaking, we've done a good job in compensating for weakness in federal government with the broader enterprise. So all up, we remain optimistic about the year, and we're off to a solid start in achieving both revenue and margin growth for the full year. Go ahead, Ken.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Simon. I'll start with the question about Routing. And then we'll address the first question or the point of clarification you're asking about. The routing market is largely driven by the Telco vertical and the Cloud vertical. And those are a little bit of a tale of two cities right now where the Cloud is really spending quite a bit on their wide area networks, making sure that their customers for their Cloud services continue to get the optimal experience. And that involves investments in their wide area network. That's somewhat offset by weakness in the Telco vertical, all up, which is obviously significant factor in Routing. So yes, traffic is growing. But there are sort of other factors at play that results in Routing from a revenue standpoint or total addressable market standpoint not growing all that well. Having said that, I think that there are some things that are going to be happening at some point in the future around metro buildouts, around new modes of delivering services to enterprises that leverage things like new Cloud-managed solutions to connectivity and security that we are very much engaging with our customers on today, difficult to tell exactly when that will result in actual revenue growth for us. But that said, we're doing everything we can right now to participate in those new modes of spend when they become a reality in the market. The last thing I would say about Routing is there is a big geographic component to this. China is a country that's still investing quite heavily in routing today. They're driving a lot of the world's sort of wide area traffic growth. And in order for us to participate effectively in that market beyond the level that we are today, we need partnerships. And there is a, as you know, quite a bit of focus right now by the company on creating partnerships such as the one that we have with Lenovo today, that will enable us to tap into that market as effectively as possible.
Rami Rahim: And just to add some color on the first question, Simona, I appreciate the question. Juniper has always been a company that has derived much of its success by focusing on those that operate the world's largest, most scalable networks. And that's certainly true for our service provider on our Cloud vertical. So, in some sense, due to reasons of strategy where we're focusing as a company, where our strengths lie, and the concentration of where spend is happening in our industry, concentration in our business is not new. I think the timing of deployments just so happened that resulted in a little bit more concentration than usual in the Q3 timeframe. I'm not prepared at this point to provide any additional details just for reasons of confidentiality about the specific customer though however.
Rami Rahim: So, Tal, I appreciate the question. We're just off to a really solid start this year. I think, as you saw in the Q2 timeframe, we sort of hit the high end of our revenue range. Part of that had to do with sort of just timing of deployments of big projects that we have been working on. There is no change to our confidence in terms of our strategy, our ability to execute, our products that we have in the market today and the products that we're working on that we know that will be out in the market in the future. And also our vertical focus, so the Cloud vertical continues to be a really important vertical for us. I don't think that there's going to be any material slowdown in terms of their need to invest in their networks to keep ahead of the traffic that they are seeing on a yearly basis. But we just have to factor into all of this the timing of those deployments and the timing of the projects. And I think you also mentioned Switching. Obviously very happy with the Switching performance that we have demonstrated well ahead of our long-term model. I think we've said in the past, and I'll say it again just now, that expecting that level of ongoing outperformance at Switching is probably unrealistic only because the numbers start to get big. But that said, the new products are doing really well. Our customer adoption is excellent. The feedback that we're getting from our customers and our partners is also very, very encouraging and there is a lot more room for us to grow and take market share in the Switching business.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Jeff. Let me start. On the question around Switching, we have expected and we have seen that Switching is in fact the main growth driver for the business. I expect that to continue with the comment I just mentioned around the fact that expecting these levels of outperformance relative to our long-term model in Switching to – at some point they're going to moderate. But that said, that's not a comment at all that I think you should take that would demonstrate a lack of confidence in the product, the technology and the market focus. All of that I would say is working really, really well for us right now. And on the point around spine switches, the main intent of our spine switching products has been to enable us to participate in and compete for net new Switching business, especially in the data center. And that's exactly what they're doing. So even in opportunities where we're coming in with the spine switches and, of course, our top of racks, the bulk of the revenue that we'd see could be in other areas of our portfolio like in the top-of-rack switching but we would not have an ability to compete or to win without the breadth of that portfolio. So it's as expected and we're very pleased with the momentum thus far. And I think it will continue in terms of being a growth driver for us for the rest of the year and for the foreseeable future.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, Aaron. Let me address that. So Cloud-Grade Networking includes a number of different sub-products. One of them is really around this concept of a Universal Chassis. Ken just talked about how we as a company are operating and executing with far more efficiency. It's true in our engineering group, it's true in other parts of our organization as well. Well, one of the ways in which we're achieving that is by developing fewer products that address a broader market opportunity. This concept of a Universal Chassis has the ability to address a number of routing or switching use cases. And it adds tremendous value for our customers because it gives them an ability to evolve their deployments, their investment protection to address a variety of different use cases as their business requires it. The Universal Chassis, the first iteration of it is in the market today. It's a product that supports both routing and switching, and eventually will also support edge routing capabilities as opposed to just core routing capabilities. And while it's still early, typically these things take a couple of quarters, maybe nine months to get to revenue, I do expect revenue for this first iteration of Universal Chassis in the second half of this year. And of course, the innovation engine continues to crank. So across Routing, Switching and Security, you can expect that there's going to be a number of new products that will continue this ongoing cycle of refreshes, and of course that will help us in maintaining the momentum that we've seen thus far over the last couple of years.
Rami Rahim: Thanks, James, both good questions. First on the appointment of Bikash Koley as CTO, very, very happy with this hire. Just as a reminder, Bikash hasn't actually joined us yet, but we anticipate that he will in the next month. What he brings to the table are a number of different things, but I'll just sort of summarize it in a couple of different ways. First and foremost, you know that we have over the last couple of years, really honed in our strategy on what we believe is the biggest trend that is impacting our industry. And that is the Cloud. It's by no means saying that this means that it's just around the hyperscalers or the cloud operators. Cloud is in fact an architectural evolution that's becoming a way of life across every vertical that we participate in today. And all of our customers in these verticals, whether they be Telco, Cable, Enterprises, government and of course the hyperscalers are looking for real leadership from a product direction, from a services direction that helps them to make this transition to a cloud architecture that helps them become far more agile and to save money, just as the hyperscale providers have demonstrated can be possible. And of course, Bikash has been a part of that at his current employer, Google. Secondarily, I believe and I've always believed that having real technical knowledge, not just in the products themselves, but in the operation of products and the operations of networks, allow you to develop better solutions for your customers. And Bikash has that as well. I mean, he has now spent a number of years running what is a large network. And that knowhow helps us in developing better solutions, I think, for all of our customer base. Moving on to the question around Security, so yes, we would look to both organic or inorganic. But quite frankly, the focus right now on Security has been on achieving stability and returning to growth. And that means a lot of organic work execution that's necessary to turn around this part of our business. We continue to enhance our product offering with recent emphasis on the enterprise and the mid-range where we actually start – have started to see some momentum. We are getting positive data points from customers, from partners. We're seeing some geo specific momentum so, whereas, EMEA was a bit of a challenge for us in the Q2 timeframe. Actually there was momentum in Security in EMEA, which gives us some confidence that we're innovating in the right way. And very importantly, Security has become a critical element of some of these future modes of engagements with our customers. So as we talk to our customers around SD-WAN, for example, one of the really differentiating attributes of our SD-WAN solution is that it has Security embedded. So while we're starting to win opportunities in the SD-WAN space, we haven't yet seen the revenue that will help the Security number, which I anticipate we will start to see in the future. Once we get the stability, I think, yeah, there is certainly a possibility for us to start to look at inorganic approaches to accelerate the momentum in our business. But we're taking a deliberate, methodical approach right now to this part of our business.
Rami Rahim: Well, so if you look at – what we've done just historically, we've made a couple of acquisitions in the optical space. We believe there is an architectural inflection point where customers can achieve vast levels of cost efficiency by managing and operating their networks across packet and optical. And then the last one was a company called AppFormix, which is around automation, in particular, in the cloud data center, but has much broader applicability than that. And that would be sort of indicative of what you might expect in the future as well. I just mentioned Security. Even in the domain of Security, I think any sort of inorganic activity that we would contemplate or explore would be more around the new modes of security, not so much of around sort of the physical perimeter firewall which is current mode. New mode is around enabling customers to migrate to public clouds or to hybrid cloud offerings without compromising their data, their users, their workloads. I think, there's quite a bit of innovation right now in the industry in that domain and that would be an area that we would consider as well.
Rami Rahim: Mark, first, I want to understand a little bit more about your first question. When you say dual sourcing, are you talking about the intent of cloud providers to dual source their...
Rami Rahim: Yes. I mean, the Cloud vertical for us is not a new vertical. I mean, we have been in this vertical now for as long as I can remember. And we have been, sort of, intimately tied down at the engineering level with our cloud customers now for a number of years. And it's always been a very competitive environment. So, by no means do I ever feel like there – that we don't need to be on our toes. We're always having to demonstrate to them how we're innovating in ways that are very, very specific to the kinds of network that they're building out, the operational models that they want to deploy, the telemetry capabilities that they want, et cetera, et cetera. And yeah, some of them do have sort of an internal strategy to go to dual vendor – dual vendors to procure that technology. But even in those circumstances, our goal is to always get the lion's share by demonstrating that we can perform better or innovate in a more appropriate way for their business. On Security, and I think, the question was around whether we're driving Security products in the Cloud vertical. And that certainly is the case, but I will say that different cloud providers have very different security requirements and security models that they deploy inside of their networks. In some cases, they believe in the big iron that sits at the edge of their data centers, for example, and secures traffic going in and out of those data centers. For that, we have a fantastic product, our high-end SRX. But that business will be very lumpy from quarter-to-quarter depending on where the deployments are. In other cases, it's really more around securing through micro segmentation inside of the cloud network. And that's really more around a software approach to security, and that's more of an emerging opportunity for us at Juniper.
Rami Rahim: Maybe, Kulbinder, it's worthwhile just summarizing the areas of focus that we currently have with respect to gross margins. First, there is opportunity when it comes to value engineering. And there is a concerted effort right now in the company to optimize our products for cost of goods sold in a way that will help gross margins. Secondarily, I mean, Ken has mentioned how we've gone after strategic customer insertions in particular in APAC, and we need those to pay off over time. Third, there's innovation. And one of the questions I was just asked around where are you contemplating inorganic moves, one area I did not mention is the area of silicon photonics. The primary reason is because we believe that there is an opportunity there through innovation to achieve better cost of goods sold from an optical standpoint. And last but not least, it's around business models and it's around software. It's around selling the value through Contrail, virtual security, SD-WAN. All of these emerging opportunities I think have the ability to not just help top line, but to also help gross margins. But they're largely going to be gated by how fast the industry moves. Now, we're out there sort of really selling the value to our customers. We're encouraged by the wins that we're getting, but it's sort of the timing of the benefit is not 100% clear at this point.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Paul, let me start with the second one, the Tier 1 versus broader Cloud. We don't break it out, first of all, but I will say the following. Our penetration in the Tier 1s from a Routing standpoint is one that has been in place now for a number of years. So we've certainly had way more runway and way more of an ability to achieve the kinds of penetration across our Tier 1 Cloud customers in the Routing space more so than we've had on the Switching side of things. In Switching, we view it as more of an opportunity. We certainly have a strong Tier 1 presence in Switching, but we have less market share and penetration than we do in Routing. And, therefore, that's certainly a potential growth area for us. In the meantime, I think what I have said on this call in the past is that there is a broader opportunity in the cloud space, not necessarily with the hyperscalers, but the broader cloud market when you look at SaaS providers, regional cloud providers, telco cloud that's here now that we are benefiting from. I mean, a lot of our business momentum in fact is from that tier of cloud provider. And I think that's a very healthy thing. Price erosion, again, is not something that is easy to describe without a whiteboard and some slides. We can certainly do something like that maybe at our next Analyst Day. But it's the nature of this business that we're in. Every time a new port speed is introduced into the market, as it achieves mass adoption, you will expect, as we would do, that pricing will start to go down and it offsets the benefit that you would get from the traffic growth alone in the market. So all up, the Routing space is roughly a sort of a flattish type of total addressable market from a growth standpoint, but traffic is growing at 40% plus year-over-year. So that would give you an idea of the price erosion that we're seeing in that market space. In the data center switching side, there of course, there is price erosion just as there is everywhere. However, I think that market is growing at a faster clip than in the data center and that's why we are so focused on data center switching as part of our strategy.
Rami Rahim: Thank you, Steve. First from the standpoint of hyperscalers, I think we acknowledge that this is a competitive market and especially as we demonstrate the momentum and the success, we can expect that the competitive levels to only intensify. Having said that, I think it really is just a matter of execution for us, execution from the standpoint of how we engage with them, execution from the standpoint of our innovations and on all fronts, I feel good about where we are and where we're going relative to the hyperscaler opportunity, in addition to the broad Cloud opportunity that is before us. And as far as Cisco's announcement, I have been now for two or three years talking about automation as being the next big thing in networking. There's a very important reason for that. If you think about what our customers across every vertical want more than anything else, it is the ability to move fast, to innovate quickly and to do so with a certain level of cost efficiency. You achieve that by first, providing them with innovative Routing, Switching, and Security products that outpace Moore's Law from an economics of traffic movement standpoint. But importantly, considering that most of our customers invest far more in the cost of operations than they do in CapEx, the only way to address that problem is through automation. And for that reason, we've always had a lot of automation capabilities across our platforms, whether it be the automation capabilities of our systems themselves, the API driven nature of those systems, Contrail has a way of automating Cloud operation, AppFormix has an ability to provide machine learning capabilities to create visibility inside of a Cloud data center, our NorthStar Controller is essentially an automation platform for our wide area. So I think it's good to see our peers in the industry recognize the importance of this trend, and it has been and will continue to be a huge area of focus for us.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, thanks. I appreciate the question. In Switching, this is pretty consistent with what we've done historically. We don't necessarily break out the performance of all of our specific product lines. And we didn't do that for QFX in Q2. However, I think it's safe to say that we would not be able to post this type of overall Switching momentum without strong QFX performance. So we're very happy with the performance of our QFX product line in the Q2 timeframe. It's a result of a deliberate strategy and some really solid execution by the team, which I am very proud of. EX is more of a campus-focus product, although it does see some data center and combined campus data center type of converged build-outs. And we saw good momentum there in the Q2 timeframe as well. Our primary strategy is on the data center, the Cloud, and these larger enterprises that are building out their campuses as on ramps to the Cloud. And for that, you need a high degree of performance, operational simplicity and automation and I think the EX from all three of those dimensions is an extremely competitive product.
