Rami Rahim: Yes, I'd be happy to. On the question of the particular segments or subsegments of switching, I can tell you, for example, with the EX9200, the early traction that we saw was a very nicely balanced between campus and data center. And it actually fits really nicely with the strategy that we've been executing towards. In fact, what we found is that many of our customers deploy our switches in scenarios where it's a common core that's used for both the data center and the campus. The software that we're introducing for our switches in the form of network director as part of our broader SDN strategy is very much about converging the management of the switching environment across these multiple areas as well. So we were pleased with the performance we've seen certainly this quarter.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I'd be happy to. So just to provide a little bit of color, certainly, we've been saying for the last quarter or 2 that the majority of the drivers on routing have been in the Edge. That continues to remain true throughout Q2. And you have to understand that the drivers for investment in the Edge are just more diversified than that in the core. So people invest in the Edge provide new services, to keep up with capacity, to provide connectivity to various different types of customers. So we had a very good Q2 in terms of the Edge routing. From a geo standpoint, North America is definitely sort of a strong area for us, but we are continuing to see good signs in parts of Europe, both from a standpoint of just the market in general, but also in terms of the design wins that we have gotten over the last several quarter that we are now executing towards delivering for our customers. And then just from a segment standpoint, we saw a good balance of investment in routing, both in our cable operators, our content providers, our Web 2.0 and actually also our telco -- traditional telco. So cable operators are dealing with an influx of video traffic that they need to support, telcos, with the sort of trends of convergence and delivering on new services and content providers for data center interconnect, for peering and that sort of activity. So really nice balance of business across a large segment of our customers.
Rami Rahim: Sure, the drivers for core are really all around capacity. So customers will tend to defer that for us long as they can for they absolutely need to investment, and we've certainly seen some of that. I'll just add that, in addition to what Kevin said, I'll just add that I think that the strategy that we have been outlining, which is around the diversity of our products in addressing different types of core challenges, whether it be the T Series as a very seamless upgrade path to an existing Q Series network or the MX, especially now with the MX2020 and a denser line card or the PTX, where we've just introduced the PTX3000 -- or we've announced the PTX3000 to be shipped in the second half of the year is resonating with our customers. And as Kevin said, we are seeing early traction that this strategy is right in terms of what our customers require.
Rami Rahim: Yes, not much more to add. I'll just say that on the Edge, certainly the MX had been very strong and the -- a component of the universal Edge strategy that we are executing towards actually involve that other Edge product -- or some of the older products that we were working on in the past will decline. So that's completely anticipated. As far as Edge versus core, I think we've outlined what we're seeing in terms of the drivers in the industry, and these are things that play out over multiple quarters. I don't anticipate any major changes any time soon. That said, we did say that we're starting to see early signs that the core investment cycle might be starting and bookings is one metric that we're using as a reflection of that.
Rami Rahim: Yes, to your first question, I mean, the way I look at this is we have a tool bag full of tools that are disposable, that we can leverage when we have the conversation and we go after an opportunity with our customers. So any core opportunity starts with a conversation between ourselves and our customers, trying to understand their business challenges, what they're trying to achieve. And then we can go, based on that understanding, reach into our bag to determine whether we're going to be satisfying their requirements with the T Series or an MX or a PTX. And that is a very positive thing because, quite frankly, our competitors don't necessarily have all of those options available for them. So that diversity of offering that we have, the strategy that we're executing towards I think is really a powerful one. The second question that you asked is around...
Rami Rahim: Yes, competitive situation. I'll say sort of what I said in the last earnings call, which is that I'm not going to underestimate any of my competitors, Cisco or Alcatel. Certainly, Alcatel is trying to get into the core space. But that said, I have great confidence in the strategy that we're executing towards. I think the success that we've seen with the early products, for example, with the PTX as a very dense next-generation transport device that really our competitors do not have. The new multi-chassis offering that we just introduced for the T Series -- T4000, I should say, the early traction there, again, give me very good confidence. So we won't underestimate our competitors, but I think that the strategy that we're executing towards is a winning one.
Rami Rahim: Not much more. It's very difficult to predict the timing and the duration of the timing. I think the thing that's in our control is to just make sure that we are best equipped to capture the opportunity when it comes about. That's exactly what I'm focused on, that's what my team is focused on. And I think things that we are going to be prepared, whether it's a solution to converge packet off, because I think we have a fantastic one, or a migration to it in a T Series capacity, I think we've got a great story there as well. So I think that's the thing that we're focused on right now.
Rami Rahim: One can always have an architectural discussion around capacity in the metro versus capacity in the core. And things could evolve over time. But I'd say, at this point, no. There's nothing that points to a radical change in the architecture that is going to change the balance of metro versus core. It might be the case that you'll see some of that happening in some customers and others, but there's no sort of obvious trend that I'd say at this point.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so we're pleased with our switching performance in Q2 overall. Certainly, as we introduce a new product like the EX9200, the transition is a very important thing for us to think about as we get our customer sort of thinking about what's the right product for them. We're pleased with the way that, that transition had been rolling out, especially in the Q2 timeframe. And then the 9200 in and of itself is a very programmable device that's really ready for at the end. That message is really resonating with our customers. So I'm optimistic about the growth potential of that platform. And then on the QFabric, the QFabric remains -- I mean there are many that are talking about fabrics today, but the QFabric remains the single true converged fabric architecture for the data center, that provides us with thought leadership, it opens up doors for us all the time with our customers and again, the introduction of some of the smaller versions of the QFabric and the new features have provided us with some nice momentum. And last I'll say about -- when we think about the upgrade and we're always, at Juniper, thinking about next-generation upgrades and roadmaps in technology and so it's all the time.
Robert L. Muglia: Okay, and thanks for your question. I mean, with regards to the relationship within the SP environment between routing and security, as Kevin has described in a number of times, we see different trends within service providers of areas of capital spending and those change over a period of time. And in the case of security, the area that is most strongly influenced is it follows the RAN, the build-out of the RAN of wireless carriers, as they increase the availability of spec -- and they use their spectrum and increase the ability to move on to newer networks such as LTE, that is where we see security being most closely correlated to. And what we've seen now is in North America, some of the major carriers have largely gone through their LTE build-outs. And so we see opportunities in other geographies around the world. Now the interesting thing here is just that as the capacity increases of the radio network and that is being secured, obviously, there's a need for Edge services and that's a routing thing. And as we've discussed over time, that makes the cores run hotter, and so there's opportunities there. So the correlation is really based on how the carriers are doing their capital allocation.
Robert L. Muglia: Yes, Rod. In terms of security and the expectations for the rest of the year, as we said we expect the security business to stabilize in the second half of this year with a return to growth next year. In terms of whether it will be flat or up or what over the next quarter, the variability here is perhaps associated with the split between the decline that we've had in the enterprise and the service provider. Q2 was just like Q1 in the sense that the decline was structured as 2/3 of service provider and 1/3 enterprise. And we have seen some good traction on the enterprise side. In the service provider, which, just the very nature of that business is fairly lumpy. So it's difficult for me to predict on a quarter-to-quarter basis exactly what we'll see, but overall, we do expect stability going forward for the rest of this year.
Robert L. Muglia: Sure, I'll make a couple of comments, Mark. Thanks for your question. On the security side, we talked about accelerating change and when I think about that, first, we've been very open for some number of quarters that would have some challenges in our security business, in particular, the challenges as we executed the transition from the NetScreen product line to screen -- over to the SRX and some of the issues we've had with enterprise. When I think about accelerating changes, I sort of divide that into 3 sections. There's the side of organic things we can do inside our R&D organization, there's some inorganic things that one might do and then there's the go-to-market side. And we're really focused, at some level, on all 3. Most of our change over the last 18 months has been on our organic R&D where we've made major changes in our management team, in our engineering team and have really, really reinvigorated the work we're doing there. We are attracting talent and are continuing to attract talent in the security business, including in the last quarter where we've added some great new talent that we think will pay dividend in the long run. On the inorganic side, we haven't done anything at the $2.8 billion level and we don't really anticipate anything like that. But we have done some very strategic tuck-in acquisitions that have helped us to move into some new business areas and you saw that with Mykonos, you saw that with the work that we've done on DDoS Secure. We think those will pay dividends in the long run. And as I mentioned in my prepared scripts, we're doing some things in terms of our go-to-market efforts on the enterprise and in security to really help accelerate our ability to move forward in that business, so there's changes we're making there. In terms of your comments about is it worth it, we pretty strongly believe the answer to that is, yes, and I'll give you a couple of reasons for that. One is that when we look at the growth of sorts of businesses that are growing security, overall, we believe will continue to be a growing business in the years to come. When we see the challenges that our customers are facing with hackers attacking their data center environment and stealing their intellectual property, those threats are going to continue to increase, so the sophistication of the ability to defend against that is also going to increase, and we believe we're very well positioned to actually capitalize on that and actually have a leadership position there within WebApp Secure and Spotlight. The other thing I'll point out is just that we see great complements with our security business and our networking business. That's true in the systems side. It is also true as we move in the software side with SDN. And as I mentioned, quite a few of our trials of the SDN work we're doing brings together both our networking side as well as our security side, and we think that better positions us competitively in the market.
Kevin R. Johnson: I'll just comment on the last part of your question which was if we just focus on enterprise security and didn't do carrier, would that be a way to run the business for cash, I think was the term, used in your question, Ehud. And the fact is the high-end SRX is the same high-end SRX that we used to secure these LTE networks as we used to secure large data centers. So there may be some slight differences in the features, software features that go -- are used in the high-end SRX, but fundamentally, the incremental R&D required to be in security for the LTE mobile networks is not significant -- significantly different or more from what you would do in data center. So we think it's the best return on investment to invest in that R&D and then be able to monetize that same product in both service provider and enterprise.
Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks, Tal. So the first question you had was on enterprise. And we posted an 8% growth in enterprise. Certainly, as Robyn mentioned, I think our product deferred revenue was down a net of $9 million sequentially. So certainly, there was some benefit to the U.S. enterprise business from the recognition of that deferred revenue in federal. But even net of that deferred revenue that was recognized in federal, we still saw improving -- improvements in the performance of federal. And so things seem to be stabilizing a bit more and actually getting on more of an approved footing in federal. And we expect that to continue into the second half. EMEA posted a good growth rate in enterprise as well, and the place that I think we're underperforming a bit is in Asia. And I think we've certainly seen some challenges in certain countries like China and certainly some others, but I think we have opportunity to improve our execution in Asia a bit. But I think we saw a good, strong enterprise performance in the Americas and EMEA. And certainly, I think the fact that switching was up 15% was a part of contributing to that enterprise performance. On the second question related to core routing, I commented that part of the analysis we do is we look at the total addressable market spend against core and Edge relative to the traffic growth that we're seeing on the networks. And from that, we can start to deduce how much of that was replacement equipment versus new capacity. And what we're seeing now on the Edge is it's now building out new capacity to handle what was networks that were running hotter and hotter. And we think that, that trend is going to continue for several quarters. We have seen the core of the network in our analysis has been running hotter and hotter, and we're just now starting to see the signs that investment will, in addition to being on the Edge, will start to kick in for the core. And we expect to see that start to unfold later this year. Rami, I'll let you comment further on the core routing side.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I guess I'll start, and then I'll let Rami complement with additional comments. In our analysis, it's been several quarters that core and Edge routing had been running hotter, and that's partly why the addressable market for routing declined 3 percentage points in 2012. It wasn't just a 1 quarter networks were running hotter, it was several quarters. And that really started mid-2011. So there was probably a 6-quarter period where, in our observation, core and Edge networks were running hotter. We started to see the pickup on Edge network investment in Q3 of last year. We saw the signs of it, and we talked about that and that led to the results that we delivered in Q4 and what we're seeing today. And we think that as Rami pointed out, the Edge investments go beyond just incremental capacity. It goes to enable new services and other things that our customers are trying to do. And so we believe that Edge cycle is going to continue for quite some time. And what we're now seeing is early signs that the core investment cycle is going to pick up, and that's got to pick up just to address capacity issues. As you build out more Edge, it's following more traffic in the core. And certainly things where a customer will build a metro packet core, basically a core within a metropolitan area to keep traffic within that area, we see projects in those areas that will, in some ways, they'd put in a core router in that metro -- in that metropolitan area. So the net is, I think the core -- the signs we're seeing will lead to increased CapEx on the core. You cannot exactly predict when it's going to occur, but the early signs based on what we're seeing in bookings in our discussions with customers on projects tell us that it's coming soon. And I would suspect it too will be multi-quarter, multi-year process as they build out for what would be 1.5 years to 2 years of running those networks hotter. It's going to take some capacity to catch up with it. Rami, I don't know if you have anything else to add or...
Kevin R. Johnson: Well, I think the routing cycle is happening, and it's more focused on Edge and the core will kick in. And I think in 2013, we expect sort of typical seasonal patterns on routing CapEx. So we expect to see an uptick in the second half.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, in terms of -- Mark, in terms of your question of managing the mix, one of the strategies that we think helps us do that is customer diversification. So even within service providers, the fact that we focus on not only just carriers, which is our traditional customer base of wireline and wireless, but also cable and content providers, that helps us manage the mix. And then the fact that we've got strong enterprise business as well that has a wider base of customers and industry verticals. So if one industry vertical is maybe in a down cycle, there's another one that's in an up cycle. So that diversification of customers across service provider and enterprise is really a core part of our strategy to diversify that mix. Likewise then, focusing on 3 products or 3 business areas, routing, switching and security, is also a key part of what we do to try and manage that mix. And certainly, when you see cycles where we have good performance in 2 of those business areas and maybe weaker performance in a third, that helps balance things out. Certainly the challenge is when you run R&D and the type of projects that Bob and Rami oversee, many of those are certainly multi-quarter, but in many cases, multi-year projects. When we take decisions in terms of silicon roadmaps and major systems roadmaps and things we're doing, those become a longer cycle. And so the investment that you have to make has to endure both times when revenue is up and revenue is down. But at the core of it, we try and diversify the customer base, both in service provider and enterprise, to ensure that we don't have as much, I guess, variability in the overall op margins or profitability of the company.
Robyn M. Denholm: Okay. Thank you, Rod. In terms of the deferred revenue, the way I characterize that, the upside in the quarter for Q2 was half related to earlier-than-anticipated deferred revenue recognition and half from stronger demand from enterprise and service providers. So that's how I characterize it. As you can see from the balance sheet, the deferred revenue is only modestly down quarter-over-quarter, and so you can see that we're adding to the deferred revenue pool, as well as recognizing deferred revenue in the quarter. And the deferred revenue balances are healthy, the backlog is healthy and the bookings were healthy in the quarter. So our view is that in terms of the underlying strength of the business, even if you take out the deferred revenue recognition item, it was healthy. And so on the security side, I'll let Bob answer that question.
Robyn M. Denholm: Thanks, Bill. I think that last bit didn't make the buzzer, but anyway, in terms of the first part of the question, let me just clarify. What Kevin was talking about was in the second quarter, absent the federal revenue recognition items that we talked about, if you took that out of the numbers, we would have still been up in federal in the second quarter. And we are expecting a continuation of that trend. In other words, sequential increase in terms of what we saw between Q1 and Q2 on the base demand as continuing for the second half. So, and I might add that we also saw good financial services improvements in the second quarter as well. And Kevin also mentioned EMEA enterprise was stronger in the second quarter. So I think that in terms of that underlying business trend, we see enterprise demand strengthening. In terms of the investments, what I talked about in terms of OpEx, so for the full year, we will be down year-over-year $50 million in terms of operating expenses, 2013 over 2012. We have been very focused on continuing to drive cost reductions across the board, and we are still driving those. Having said that, I have reduced the total year-over-year decline from roughly $100 million to $50 million, and there are 2 major factors in that. The first is the continuation of the legal and variable expense increases that we've seen versus our expectations at the beginning of the year. And then the second is some modest investments that we are making in the second half to capture both the near-term and the longer-term revenue opportunities that we see. And so we think that's a very prudent thing to do from a company perspective to continue that revenue momentum as we go forward. Having said that, our OpEx as a percentage of revenue has come down dramatically from last year, and we're continuing to focus on that in line with our long-term model that we put out there this time last year. And I'll remind you that our long-term model for OpEx as a percentage of revenue is somewhere between 39% and 42% of revenue. We still have some ways to go to get to 42% being the upper end of that range, but we do expect to exit this year close to that upper end of the OpEx as a percentage of revenue range.
Robyn M. Denholm: So I'll start the answer to that question, Simona, and then I'll hand it over to Rami to talk about some of the trends. So in terms of our SP business, it was up 2% sequentially, nicely up year-over-year. In terms of the trends there, yes, MX was up. As you know, we have some older Edge router products that have been declining and they continued to decline in the second quarter. The core revenue was down sequentially, but the bookings was strong in terms of core. And as Bob mentioned in the security area, that was -- the SRX was also down sequentially in terms of the security product into SP. And so in terms of the overall trends, Rami can focus on that as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: Okay, so I think Kevin will start on the third question, and then I can add on that, and then we'll hand it over to Bob.
