Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami and good afternoon everyone. I will start by discussing our third quarter results and end with some color on our outlook. Our third quarter results were mixed with total revenue of $1.133 billion, an increase of 3% sequentially but slightly below the midpoint of our guidance range. Strong non-GAAP gross margin of 61.1% was 1.1 points higher than the midpoint of our guidance. This strength was driven by favorable deal mix and improved inventory management. Gross margin strength as well as prudent operating expense management drove the non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.48, $0.02 above the midpoint of our guidance range. Looking at our revenue by vertical on a year-over-year basis, Cloud increased 6% and we are pleased with the return to growth in this vertical. While Enterprise revenue increased 8% year-over-year, we did see some weakness in bookings towards the end of the quarter. Finally, Service Provider declined 17% year-over-year, which was weaker than expected. On a sequential basis, Enterprise increased 10%; Service Provider increased 1% and Cloud was down 5%. From a technology perspective, Switching increased 9%, Security increased 22% while Routing decreased 18% year-over-year. Software revenue continued to grow, increasing 13% year-over-year and was approximately 10% of total revenue. Our services business increased 1% year-over-year and was flat sequentially. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, three were Cloud, six were Service Provider and one was an Enterprise. Product deferred revenue was $129 million, down 3% year-over-year due to the timing of the delivery of contractual commitments. Non-GAAP operating expenses were flat year-over-year and up 1% sequentially. Looking at our balance sheet, total cash, cash equivalents and investments at the end of the quarter was $2.8 billion. We generated solid cash flow from operations of $185 million for the third quarter. The sequential increase was primarily due to lower payments to suppliers and lower cash tax payments, partially offset by higher payments related to variable compensation. I would like to provide some color on our guidance, which you could find detailed in the CFO commentary available on our website. Our revenue outlook shows a modest return to year-over-year growth at the midpoint. However, it is lower than previously expected due to continued business challenges as some of our largest Service Provider customers, lingering impacts from our sales force transformation and macroeconomic uncertainty. We remain confident in our position in the markets we serve, and in our relationships with our customers. Our fourth quarter 2019 non-GAAP gross margin guidance reflects the recent increase in China tariffs, which is offset partially by the expected increase in revenue. We continue to undertake specific efforts to improve our gross margin. These efforts include value engineering, optimizing our supply chain and service business, pricing management and increased software and solution sales. We expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 17% in the fourth quarter due to the anticipated reduction in India's corporate tax rate. Despite the lower than expected revenue outlook, we continue to manage costs prudently, and still expect to achieve the low-end of our $1.70 to $1.80 earnings range for the full-year 2019. As Rami mentioned, our board of directors has approved an additional $1 billion of share repurchase authorization, which brings our current authorization to $1.9 billion. In addition, we intend to enter into an accelerated share repurchase program for $200 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. We expect to be opportunistic on future capital returns. In closing, I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's success. Now I'd like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Yes, thanks Jeff. So while we remain opportunistic about our long-term growth prospects, and we are going to be looking for growth in 2020, I do think it's important to note that we are seeing some additional surge about a weakness and some macroeconomic uncertainties. Therefore, I really would caution you to be, conservative with your models, and we'll provide more detail later on 2020, but flat-to-low, single-digit growth would be a good way to think about 2020 at this point in time given some of the uncertainties that we see out there in the markets that we serve.
Ken Miller: Yes, I do think that’s the right way to think about it as far as kind of what's been impacting us to date, pricing, supply chain management, obviously mitigating the tariffs have been a big focus over the last several quarters, and we've done a pretty good job on all those regards. Value engineering and design for value was longer term. However, I would say that we've been working on it for a few years, right. So, as we introduce new products this year and into next year and beyond, we are very focused on the cost of those products and really some of that will pay off over the long-term. So, at this point in time, all of the attributes are starting to benefit us because we are in a cycle where some products are coming to market that we started value engineering work a year or two ago.
Ken Miller: Yes. And on the buyback front, I would just call out that we did $300 million in a Q2 ASR that just closed last quarter. In addition to that we did $50 million in Q3 at opportunistic purchases and we intend to enter into a $200 million, buy back soon. So that's $550 million this year, that plus our dividends is well over a 100% of our free cash flow. And I feel good about that. That said, we will continue to be opportunistic, right? We are announcing our intent to enter into a $200 million ASR. But we'll look to be opportunistic beyond that as we exit this year and into the next.
Ken Miller: Yes, but don't feel bad, first of all, Paul. It's good to be here on the call. On a gross margin perspective, I would say, on a full year basis we're going to be about 60%. Right? So, although we had a strong Q3 and our guide for Q4 is also strong, full year base is about 60%. So we still have a ways to go to get to the high-end of our model of 58% to 62%. We're very focused on that over time. Volume will be the driver that said, so is product mix. So, making sure that our software solutions continue to grow as they have been for the last several quarters is a big part of the long-term gross margin profile. I am continuing being too focused on cost per byte, and margin management, pricing management, et cetera. So there is a lot of initiatives underway to help the company get to the higher end of that range but volume is definitely a driving factor.
Ken Miller: The only thing I would add is the U.S. Federal business is, is typically strong. In Q3 we had a very strong result in Q3. We typically see that go down in Q4 seasonally. That said, we do expect all up enterprise on a worldwide basis, to be up sequentially, despite the fact that U.S. Federal will likely be down.
Ken Miller: Yes, so for next year we are really not prepared to talk about specific guidance. I do think overall we have a lot of opportunity to grow across many verticals, cloud and enterprise in particular and service provider. Rami already mentioned, we think we have an opportunity to lessen the decline, if you will. But how it's going to actually shake out next year, it's a little too early to call out at this point. I’d just caution you to be got, I encourage you to be cautious just given some of the macro certainties the continued weakness. That's why I think flat to perhaps some slight growth next year is a good model at this point.
Ken Miller: Yes, it's a good question, Erik. I mean balance is very important. We clearly want to maintain our flexibility for future value enhancing M&A. At the same time, I think it's prudent to return capital to shareholders, particularly when we feel, it is an opportunistic time to do so. And that's kind of what we are now. We feel good about our prospects in the future and we still are going to maintain, well north of $2.5 billion, even post ASR, we’ll grow cash in Q4 with cash flow from operations. So our cash balances remain very strong, as well, so that gives us opportunity to continue to be, as needed from an M&A front.
Ken Miller: Yes, well, the primary action is really just, the geographic footprint of where our products are produced. So we have products, we have plants in China as well as outside of China and Asia and other parts of North America. So, really it's about, shifting some of the supply chain, particularly that headed into the U.S. to some of our alternative supply plants and that's what we've been doing over the last several quarters.
Ken Miller: Yes, so I actually feel pretty good about our ability to control costs. We've been flat to slightly down over the last couple of years, this would be the second year we're actually on a full year basis, we’ll be slightly down. Clearly that's in the headwinds of cost of living and et cetera. That said, I do think that we are quite honestly, we're optimized where we are. I don't see us going deeper. We've been pretty committed that when we don't grow revenue, we're not going to grow OpEx. But I do think, we've done the low hanging fruit over the last several years on cost controls and OpEx. Take out, if you will, at this point, it requires investment for us to grow and that's what we're focused on. So, going forward, you could expect us to remain prudent, when revenue is challenged we will not be investing much in OpEx, but we want to continue with these investment levels to take advantage of the opportunities we have ahead of us to grow.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the question, Jeff. So first, as a bit of a context here, I'm pleased with the results in the cloud provider space in the Q3 timeframe. It is in no little part due to the really amazing efforts of the engineering team, our sales team, and what is essentially a pretty impactful product transition from MX to PTX. The net of it is now we're in a position where we have retained the footprint that honestly leaves Juniper in a very unique position in terms of share in the routing space. Now that allows us to grow with the capacity requirements of our cloud provider customers, and it also allows us to focus on net new footprint, in particular around 400 gig. And the 400 gig opportunity will initially be in the data center interconnect and the data center switching opportunity, and will eventually expand to more use cases. From a technology standpoint, we've already released into the market the new Junos operating system that has been designed very purposefully for the cloud provider space. So, it has all of the capabilities, the Linux-native capabilities, modularity, the programmability, the telemetry aspects of what we know our cloud providers need and want. We also have our very first systems based both on merchant silicon and custom silicon offerings that run that operating system and there will be more to come. So, we're working on a roadmap of different systems with different capacities that will be delivered over the next couple of quarters. In terms of the engagement with our customers, it's very strong. We have the initial proof-of-concepts that are already in flight right now. We are not confused about the fact that it's going to be a very competitive space because the opportunities are lucrative, but I think that we are well positioned to gain more than our fair share. And even a small share take in this space would be quite meaningful in terms of the tailwinds it will give us starting next year. Time wise, I expect that the initial deployments for 400 gig will be in the second half of next year, and that's very much time to the availability of 400 gig optics. And I just remind you that that includes both the third-party 400 gig optics, but also Juniper’s own 400 gig optics through our silicon-photonics project that is currently underway.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the question, Brian. First, I should say that we're really pleased with the revenue performance that we saw in the enterprise space in Q3 timeframe, both year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter growth across pretty much all technologies and geos. Real great strengths in Q3 in our federal business in particular helped the performance in the Enterprise space. We did mention that, yes, near the end of the quarter, we started to see some weakening of orders and there are really a couple of factors that have impacted the business and they're roughly equal in terms of the total impact. First is the sales transition. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the issue there is really around the fact that we have a lot of new sellers that are not quite as productive as sellers that have been in seat for quite some time. We haven't been able to fill the open wrecks that we created as a part of the transition as quickly as we would like. That of course, it resolved itself over time. And in fact, I expect that to fully be beneficial to the business over the next few quarters. But in addition to that and separate to that, I do believe that there have been some overall macroeconomic factors that have impacted the timing of orders. So, what we saw are some of the opportunities that we were competing for took longer to close, some moved out into Q4 and into next year. And I'd say that that's a really a very orthogonal issue and one that's somewhat out of our control. We're going to focus on what we can control, which is really around getting through the sales transformation. The good news about that is the hard part, it is really behind us at this point and it is really around rebuilding and getting our new sellers as productive as possible in the shorter timeframe as possible.
Rami Rahim: Happy to, Simon. So you're roughly right. There’s a big element of security and switching that's tied to enterprise momentum at Juniper. But I think if you take a look at both of these technology areas, the strength is actually somewhat broad-based. So in switching, we saw strength in the enterprise, but we also saw strength in the cloud provider in particular, the hyperscale cloud provider space. In Security, I think we saw strength really all up across all of the verticals and it's very much, I think an artifacts of the technology that we're developing and solutions and use cases that we're addressing. So take for example, switching really it's around 100 gig. That's very interesting to the hyperscale space. It's also very interesting to large enterprises that are building out their own private data centers. We have implemented really world-class protocol technologies like EVPN-VXLAN on our 100 gig switches that make it well suited for, again, large enterprises that are building out their own data centers. It goes without saying, I'm really pleased with the performance that we saw in security. And again, broad base across SPs, cloud providers and enterprise up 22% year-over-year. There, the strength was mainly in areas where there is a combination of features that are required, efficacy of stopping attacks and also performance. So large enterprise, cloud providers, service providers that are securing mobile infrastructure, users, data, this is where we have some unique strengths that we are benefiting from right now in the security space. I would not expect this kind of performance in security on an ongoing basis. I think we benefit from a little bit of an easy compare in Q3 and the compare gets much more difficult, as you look into Q4. But nonetheless, I do have confidence in the trajectory of security across all our verticals going forward.
Rami Rahim: We will introduce – our plan is to introduce 400 gig silicon-photonics based optics next year and with certainly in volume by the end of the year and sort of the specific milestones to get us there. We're not really ready to talk about that right now. The most important thing is to catch the beginning of the 400 gig wave. And I believe that we can do that. At this point, just to give you a bit more color on where we are. We have confidence in the technology because we proved it out in a lab environment. I think it's really going to be differentiated, but we still have work to do in terms of making it available and at scale. And in order to de-risk that, we have signed strategic partnerships with fab houses that are out there that specialized in taking technology like this and manufacturing it in volume. I would say that most of the risk is behind us, but there's still a lot of work ahead of us in order to get to the important ship dates next year. So in summary, I think if – when we deliver it should be really right at the sweet spot of the growth in 400 gig next year.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Samik. So interest level in Mist is very high both from our customers and importantly from our own sales teams that are very excited about positioning and competing with the technology, I mentioned the proof points, the customer base for Mist has now grown by 40% since the close of the transaction. You're right that there is a significant opportunity to pull through additional Juniper products and that was part of the synergy thesis behind the acquisition that we've made. And thus far what we are seeing in many of the net new customers that we are winning. There is in fact a significant portion or opportunity of attached for both switching and security, in particular switching. So many people who look at Mist and think of it as primarily filling a wireless LAN gap in our portfolio are honestly missing the bigger picture, which is that Mist offers the framework of cloud management and analytics and AI that can simplify the job of a network operator and enhanced the end user experience. What we want to do now is expand that to include other portfolio – enterprise portfolio products in Juniper. The first of which will be EX. And we're seeing a very high level of interest from our customers from doing that and we're executing on that roadmap as we speak.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I appreciate the question. I should clarify that we don't see those products addressing the same use case. So we have chosen to use merchant silicon in certain parts of the network. For example, the access layers of a service provider or a cloud WAN deployment or the top of rack in – first level access and aggregation within a hyperscale network. The custom solutions that we're offering address more of a spine layer within the data center, data center interconnect, wide area deployments in the cloud provider space as well as the service provider space. So they're very much complimentary. To your question around differentiation, I feel very good. I think we have both the goods that are necessary in software with our new Junos evolved software that gives the modularity, the programmability, the telemetry capabilities that our customers need. It is the most modern operating system that's now out in the industry. And now couple that with the silicon offering that give I think an advantage to our customers in terms of price performance and honestly, the gravy on top it would be silicon-photonics once we introduced that capability into the market next year.
Rami Rahim: Okay. For the questions, Tim. So first Mist, I think the level of differentiation that we have right now with Mist is truly unique compared to any competitive offerings that are out there. I think that the competitive advantage that we have is measured in the years, not less than that. And I truly do believe now having a much closer view of the technology as they are part of the Juniper family. That in order to achieve the kind of cloud-native management and AI capabilities that Mist offers, you have to start from scratch. You have to build a true cloud-native management solution from the beginning. And that's something that Mist started to do – the Mist team started to do years ago and now we are benefiting from that today. So I feel very confident about the differentiation, but more importantly the proof points of that confidence in terms of wins in the market and new opportunities, net new accounts is absolutely there. As we take that technology and extend it across other portfolio products, the most obvious one would be our EX campus wired switching portfolio. I think we will get additional lift in that area. On the Service Provider space, the business challenges that we're seeing right now are not new. We have been citing this now for a number of quarters and yes, you're right, our peer, they're also seeing some of these. I think that we're already dealing with limited budgets and flattish CapEx environment with SP customers and now what they're doing is reprioritizing investments so that – they're addressing spectrum and ran build out first. And that means that they have less to invest in IP. Having said that, there is a positive side to the story, which is that to the extent that 5G RAN and radio becomes a reality, access networks get built out. That means that there's more traffic that needs to be carried within the service provider, core and edge networks where we have strength. So, this is not something that I expect we will benefit from anytime soon. It's not going to be a next quarter thing. But I do believe that this will be a catalyst over time, measured in many quarters, that will help us benefits from net new investments in the SP space. Additionally, all telcos today are thinking about how they can change their networks and their operations to reap the efficiency and agility benefits of cloud. And we've got the premiere telco cloud software stack that's available in the market today with Contrail cloud. And we're seeing that evidenced by net new wins, which is great and encouraging, but it's early days to the extent that 5G deployments start to really get built out. And the services over 5G become virtualized. I think we benefit from that with the wins that we have at – we have had to-date. So these are a couple of factors that I think would be required in order to change the trajectory of our SP business. I do think next year the headwinds in SP will be less than what we have been experiencing this year.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the questions Rod. On 400 gig, the question around other operating systems running on our hardware, no, I have not heard of that and I doubt that that's actually happening. More broadly for, I think your question was about sort of the competitive nature of the different software stacks that are available. And we've been working on our Junos Evolved software now for a number of years and we have done so with a very tight eye on and engagement with our cloud provider customers. So we've developed it to address the most pressing, requirements of our cloud customers, which gives me the confidence that, we've developed the right stack, that allows us to compete effectively in that space. In the service provider space, no, not really. I'm not seeing any sort of, I don’t know, architectural or structural changes, as you know, we have the benefit of both these scale ups, like the traditional MX routing technology as well as scale-out with PTX and QFX. I would argue that we probably have the most experience right now among all of our peers in that transition from scale up to scale out because of what we have done with our hyperscale customers. But having said that, I would, I would just reiterate what I've said in the past that I do not see, a rapid transition from one architecture to another the way that we have seen it in the cloud space, and there are reasons for this. I mean, SP used cases, the services that they deliver tend to be more complicated. They're much more tied to the underlying networking infrastructure. And so whereas that transition might happen over time, I think it's going to be in a much longer timeframe than that we experienced in the cloud space.
Rami Rahim: Thank you. So let me start on the hiring question. So, I would first point out that we are starting to see momentum in hiring. We have now, over a hundred new sales reps compared to just a quarter ago. So the ramp is really starting, and it's just not as fast as what we would like. And probably, the biggest reason for that is it's a competitive environment out there in terms of attracting and recruiting talent. But I think now with the energy and focus that we put on the problem, we will start to benefit from, being able to fill the open reps that are available. I also just want to point out that as important as hiring is getting our sales teams to full productivity as quickly as possible. And we have put in place, a really professional and robust enablement process at Juniper that’s starting to work very effectively in our favor that will accelerate the time to productivity. So, more work to do, but I'm pleased with the direction that we're taking now and the speed that we're moving ahead.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks for the questions Paul. So, first it's good to understand our footprint in the hyperscale networks. We’re very strong in the wide area and core networks. We are reasonably strong when it comes to data center interconnect and then we have relatively little, if any share in hyperscale leaf spine. We've got good deployments in sort of the tier two, tier three cloud providers switching but in hyperscale switching as it pertains to at leaf spine, they are a very limited footprint. If you look at where the initial opportunities are going to be for 400-gig, I expect them to be in the data center and in the data center interconnect where our penetration is not as strong as it is in the wide area and in the core market. The second part of your question around sort of the ease of which there is share shift in any one of these different layers. I’d point out that, share shift is always more difficult, but it is easier when there is inflection point and 400 gig is such an inflection point. And I would also argue that the software capabilities in DCI and in the data center, they're not small by any means, but they're no where near as sophisticated from a routing scale functionality features, of the true core wide area deployments. So, I in no way want to make it sound like this is going to be an easy slam dunk. It's going to be an extremely competitive process. But I think we have the goods, the technology, the engagement model, the relationships that allow us to compete very effectively. And then I think the second question was around enterprise and SP as it pertains to the U.S. specifically. Today the trends in both of those areas are largely the same worldwide. In the service provider space, the challenges that are being felt by tier one SPs as they gear up towards 5G deployments are roughly the same internationally or certainly where we have a strength in the U.S. in Western Europe in some parts of Asia Pacific as well. And then the enterprise, I would say the same thing, which is that both factors are at play in terms of the macro economic outlook and the impact of that on spending, as well as our sales transformation, which is really a worldwide sales transformation. So that I don't think there's anything specific to the U.S. in both cases.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so on the Q3 results, from the revenue results, we actually didn't see the weakness, right? So there was nothing left on the table, if you will from a Q3 revenue perspective, the commentary is really more about guidance into Q4 and, we are off, $20 million to $40 million in total books, which is why we previously were in our Q4 guide. So, we're still guiding to modest growth, but it is down slightly from where we were before. The both, that delta is really split between Enterprise and an SP weakness. So we're talking, $10 million to $20 million range of kind of softness.
Rami Rahim: I would just add that, whereas we have been really careful and prudent in how we invest across the board, including R&D, where we have been investing in technologies like 400 gigs, silicon-photonics or our cloud delivered enterprise, which includes our Mist portfolio, our data center technology, I believe are the right areas for us to invest in, in order to achieve long-term growth for this company. So for that reason, I do think that these investments are truly going to payoff for us.
Rami Rahim: Thank you everyone for your questions. We look forward to speaking and meeting with you during the quarter. That concludes today's call.
