Robyn Denholm: In terms of the EX performance overall, we were pleased with the growth rate of 22% sequentially and 66% year-over-year. In terms of the growth drivers this quarter, it was the EX4500 and the 8200, and they both fit [ph] [40:11] into the data center. So we actually do see good growth there with 88% and 35% on a sequential basis as those platforms gain traction in the data center.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. No, I think in terms of the operating expenses, obviously, we did have an increase in the quarter. We are very disciplined in terms of our operating expenses and in terms of committed to the expanding our operating margins to the long-term model of 25% or higher. In terms of feathering up, Kevin talked about that last quarter. As a percentage of revenue, we have feathered up the percentage of revenue that we're spending on sales and marketing and feathered down in the quarter the R&D. So actually, the dollars are up in both cases, but as a percentage of revenue, they have actually started to cross in the quarter, which was what we actually talked about last quarter.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of head count plans for the full year, our operating principle of expanding operating margins for the full fiscal year of 2011 is one of our five operating principles that Kevin outlined at the beginning of the call. And clearly, head count is included in that. Having said that, we also have an operating principle of increasing as a percentage of our total revenue our sales and marketing expenses, and head count is associated with that as well.
Robyn Denholm: And Mark, in terms of the operating margin, for the first quarter, the guidance is 22% plus or minus 0.5%. I'm very pleased with our operating margin performance over the last two years plus. We've expanded operating margins in each of the years from the beginning point in Q1. So we do expect for the full fiscal year of 2011 to actually expand operating margins over 2010. And that's inclusive of the investments that Kevin outlined in the operating principles.
Robyn Denholm: No, we'd like you to come to Analyst Day and hear about everything that we have lined up for the year and the next few years in terms of our long-term multiyear growth agenda.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of -- I'll start on that question. In terms of the SRX in the quarter, we had a very good enterprise quarter in Q4 for SRX. If you'll remember, back to third quarter and actually also the second quarter, we had a high proportion of that total SRX going into our service provider. So in the fourth quarter, we had a good, strong enterprise quarter for SRX overall. And we're pleased with that performance. In terms of MX, and Kevin can comment as well, in terms of what we're seeing with the performance of MX 3D, we have actually seen very good design wins across the board in terms of our wireless and wireline carriers as well as with our content and our social media customers as well. It's getting good reception across the board. So we're happy with it ramp of our MX 3D platform as well.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, in terms of SLT, the operating margin performance and actually the top line growth performance for the full year was very good. Good year-over-year growth and also good year-over-year expansion in the operating margin for the full year of 2010. In the fourth quarter, what we saw was a sequential revenue growth of about 5% Q4 over Q3, and an increase in the expenses related to the variable sales and other variable expenses in terms of compensation. And then also, in terms of the sales and marketing head count particularly as it relates to the enterprise sector, the SLT business wears it's fair share of that. So expenses increased ahead of revenue in the quarter for SLT. But overall, I'm very pleased with the operating margin that they achieved for the full year, which is just about 20% for the full year for SLT.
Robyn Denholm: So I don't have the bookings number. It was ahead of revenue. So it was slightly above the revenue number that I gave in the script of 97. So there is some backlog in terms of MX 3D, as you would expect, as is normal at the end of any quarter.
Robyn Denholm: So let me start with a backlog number. The backlog is up sequentially modestly. So the number we had last quarter was around $325 million. It's just up single digits from there. And you'll get the number in the K as we publish that. But as I've said, the book-to-bill was above one. So the backlog is up slightly from the end of Q3. In terms of deferred revenue, we had a strong deferred revenue balance in total. It was up for the quarter. It was also up, and it's normally up at the end of fourth quarter in terms of services renewals. Q4, we do have a large services renewal quarter. We also had an increase quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year in the product deferred revenue as well. And the future feature piece is up both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Robyn Denholm: I will answer the first half on the deferred revenue and I'll hand over on the channel side on EX to Kevin. So in terms of total deferred revenue, it was a record of $884 million, up 12% sequentially or $30 million sequentially. In terms of the product deferred revenue, that was up $30 million. So the overall deferred revenue was up a lot more than $30 million because the services side was also up by $69 million. So in total, it's up about $100 million, $30 million relating to product and $69 million related to services. In terms of the color around the product deferred revenue, it's a result of many design wins across the board and some of them starting to ship. And as I've mentioned previously, the future feature portion of the product deferred revenue is up quarter-over-quarter as well.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So again, Kevin talked about having the beta release in terms of both Falcon and actually delivering the first beta systems in the fourth quarter of our 2010. And we're looking forward to a revenue event to both of those sometime in 2011.
Robyn Denholm: Actually, in terms of the product gross margin, it was a strong product gross margin overall, and we did have a very good key quarter. So the mix that I was referring to is actually the Chassis versus peak mix. As you can imagine, with new design wins, we actually have a lot of Chassis out there that were shipped in the quarter as well. So very small impact, but it was a slight tick down in terms of the product gross margin.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in terms of our operating principle for the year, we are committed to expanding operating margins year-over-year. And in terms of our Q1, I did guide to 22%, plus or minus 0.5%. And that does have a full quarter impact of our recent two acquisitions of Altor and Trapeze. That in itself is between one and 1.5 points of operating margin for the first quarter. And I also stated our financial principle or restated our principle around our acquisitions where expect them to be accretive within two to four quarters. So that would imply operating margins improvements in the second half of the year related specifically to the acquisitions.
Robyn Denholm: No, I think you covered all the main points, Kevin. The one thing, Jess, that I would add is, at the midpoint of guidance, that's a 9%, 10% year-over-year growth rate, which if you look back at last year, that is about where we ended up in terms of growth rate year-over-year for the third quarter. So I think it's a good guidance for the first quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in terms of government, I'll just go back to Q3 for a minute. There were two things, one of which impacted revenue. So MX 3D where actually our demand outstripped supply, that amount that was in backlog at the end of Q3 was around $20 million to $25 million. In terms of the government deals that moved into the fourth quarter, on the Q3 call, we saw that it's about the same, that we had opportunities of about $20 million that moved into the fourth quarter. And as Kevin and I noted in the prepared remarks, we closed, as expected, those deals. So in terms of acquisitions, our financial principles are very clear. We expect to have our acquisitions, our technology tuck-in acquisitions that we've done to-date to be accretive within two to four quarters. And so given that we closed Trapeze and Altor in the fourth quarter, we do expect at the very least that they'll be accretive by the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011.
Robyn Denholm: No. I think in terms of the operating principle of expanding operating margins, overall it incorporates the acquisitions as well.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of AT&T, we're very pleased with our relationship with AT&T. They're a very strong customer for us for the year as well as for the quarter. In terms of Trapeze and the guidance around Trapeze, at the midpoint of guidance, at the $1,085,000,000 mark, we have incorporated about $6 million for the Trapeze acquisition, for the first full quarter of revenue to them.
Robyn Denholm: So Sanjiv, in terms of color on particular customers, we don't actually do that on the earnings call other than those that are above 10%.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Ittai, let me just add a couple of thoughts to Robyn's comments. I think this is reflective of our strategy and our focus on these mega data centers. The 4500 and the 8200 solution is really addressing these large data center that have to connect large numbers of servers and storage devices. And I think that's where our sales force and where we've got the 3-2-1 data center solution and with the Stratus project making progress. We feel like we've got a very strong proposition in that area. And I think the growth that you saw in 8200 is reflective of the hard work that the sales teams have been doing to get some significant design wins in the data center.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, let me take your first question, Mark, and then I'll let Robyn take the second one. First of all, top line growth. I think at the analyst meeting last year, we outlined our long-term model to drive 20% plus top line revenue growth. And we were offering quarterly guidance. I think at the midpoint, it gives us about a 19% growth. And given the product set and the moment we have, I believe this is a year -- in 2011, we can continue to deliver against that long-term model in the top line. I think Paul's question also has to do with this, that we're at the point now where as we start building that momentum, we're going to have to be very thoughtful about how we're allocating resources on sales and marketing. If we can drive top line faster with a little bit more sales and marketing resource, we'll do that. If we have to be a little more balanced and thoughtful as we watch revenue unfold throughout the year, we're going to be disciplined and do that as well. But don't be confused. We are playing offense, and we are going to drive top line revenue growth in 2011.
Kevin Johnson: Let me try to address that. First of all, I think we're continuing to execute against the R&D milestones for Falcon. In this quarter, we shipped the first release of software code for beta testing at one of our large service provider customers. We're very excited about that. That was on our road map and our plan, and the team worked very hard to deliver that. And so I would expect that here, certainly in the first half of 2011, we'll be communicating more information publicly about Falcon, including pricing and where that's going. But we see that as significant because it leverages what today is a significant install base and a significant investment that customers are making on MX 3D. And many customers are looking at this trend of fixed mobile convergence, where they're looking and having a single network that's carrying IP packet switch traffic across both their wireline and their wireless. And so it's going to be interesting to see then how many design wins we get when we first come out with the product and how we build the ramp of an install base for Falcon as it comes out. But I think we're super excited about it. I think we're in the beta process right now, testing with some customers. And we expect to share more information publicly with customers, including pricing. So it's a bit premature for me to outline how that is as a percent of the MX 3D. And a typical pricing of all packet core is either based on the max number of concurrent sessions that are being driven by wireless subscribers or the number of wireless subscribers. And then the underlying platform obviously has to scale to meet the demand. And so I think we'll see that relationship unfold between Falcon revenue that has a slightly different license model and then how that's related to the MX 3D platform.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Tal, let me take the second half of your question then on EX sales and channels. Let me to start with our four large strategic alliance partners: IBM, Dell, Ericsson and NSN. Those four partners, in total, we've really made a lot of good progress over the year. In fact, on an annual basis, the revenue driven from those four partners has slightly more than doubled the growth rate of the company. And so we've put resources in, and those relationships are kicking in. And so in this quarter, for example, we had significant big design wins with our partner, IBM, and customers like Westpac and Hess Oil. And those design wins oftentimes include the portfolio and a solution, whether it's big SRX wins for security or EX switching wins in a data center or MX 3D wins to connect data centers. And so we're very optimistic about the progress we're making with those large partners. But we're also very optimistic about the expansion of the broad channel that we have selling EX specifically. And we're seeing it -- some of those channel partners are some of the large service providers as well, that are delivering solutions to enterprise customers as well as their managed services. And I think part of our Go to Market strategy here is continuing to invest and grow the relationships with our large strategic partners while at the same time continuing to expand our channel capabilities on a global basis.
Kevin Johnson: Well, they're all important. The big design wins in enterprise, certainly, the partners that we see helping drive those are IBM and Dell and even our large service providers. You look at the work that Verizon is doing, for example, to drive big design wins in the enterprise. And so the range of channel partners that are kicking in and helping drive EX revenue continues to grow. And the thing, I think, that we're especially excited about is twofold. Number one, the channel partners represent a very broad set of partners, and our strategic alliance partners are very big partners. And we're going deep with those partners to go get these big design wins.
Kevin Johnson: I actually think the answer is it's a little bit of both, the fact that the MX 3D has this Trio Chipset, and the Trio Chipset scales on three dimensions. Not just traffic, but the number of subscribers or users and the number of services you're delivering. And so that flexibility to tune the MX 3D for this scenario, I think, really is uniquely positioned to address the needs of content and social media, and then you combine that with the fact that I think it's a growing market segment. So I think it's actually a little bit of both.
Kevin Johnson: 10% of -- So I don't have that number off the top of my head. But it's a growing subsegment within the service provider community.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, we'll take that feedback. I just don't have it off the top of my head. But we'll take that feedback for the analyst meeting.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, let me take that one. On a global basis, I think clearly we see the macroeconomic situation continuing to improve. And then there are certainly pockets where things vary. But we think that the Americas, the view is GDP growth outlook looks good going into 2011. And so we see an optimistic view there. EMEA, we think, is also improving, although Southern Europe still has challenges. But, as I think Robyn mentioned in her comments, France, Germany, the Nordic countries, I think, are all strong. And then in Asia-Pacific, I think overall we had very good performance in Japan, India, Malaysia, Australia, some of the countries that Robyn mentioned. And I think that the macro perspective that I have is, number one, Internet traffic is growing, and the long-term demand fundamentals of this industry are good. And so that's generating opportunity. Number two, the mobile Internet trend continues. And so more smartphones, more tablets, more digital devices. That, too, is creating significant opportunity for us. And the fact that we have focused our innovation agenda and the acquisitions that we've done and our Go to Market focus on the trend of mobile Internet, that's paying off for us in the service provider sector. On the enterprise side, I think globally the latest forecast of enterprise IT spend shows IT spend growing 2011 from 2010 mid-single digits, 5% to 7%. And the fact that we've got this significant addressable market of Ethernet switching, and we're still a 2% to 3% share player and taking share and we've got data center fabric just around corner, we feel very good about the range of products in the portfolio for us to keep taking market share in a very large addressable market in the enterprise. And so I think there's a little color, I guess, on geographies and then how we think about the product portfolio and the focus that we have on mobile Internet and cloud computing.
