Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start by discussing our second quarter results and end with some color on our outlook. Second quarter revenue of $1,102 million was an increase of 10% sequentially and in line with our guidance. As expected, we saw sequential revenue growth across all verticals and all technologies. Looking at our revenue by vertical, Cloud increased 28%, Enterprise increased 8% and Service Provider increased 3% sequentially. From a technology perspective, Routing increased 11%, Switching increased 22% and Security increased 20% sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Service Provider declined 15%, Cloud was flat and Enterprise declined 6%. Although enterprise revenue decreased year-over-year, our bookings increased double digits versus last year. As Rami mentioned, we are pleased with our momentum and success in the enterprise vertical. Our services business continue to grow posting growth of 2% year-over-year and 1% sequentially due to strong renewals and attach rates of support contracts. Software revenue was a highlight growing year-over-year and was greater than 10% of total revenue. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, four were Cloud, five were Service Provider and one was an Enterprise. We had one customer from the cloud vertical that accounted for more than 10% of our total revenue in the second quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 59.2%, slightly below the midpoint of our guidance, primarily due to the increase in China tariffs from 10% to 25%. Overall, non-GAAP operating expenses were down 2% year-over-year and 1% sequentially due to lower headcount-related cost and improving operating expense management. Headcount was slightly down sequentially, primarily as a result of outsourcing IT services to IBM, which was partially offset by the acquisition of Mist Systems and additional hires in our go-to-market organization. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.40, a $0.01 above the midpoint of our guidance. Looking at our balance sheet. Total cash, cash equivalents and investments at the end of the second quarter were $2.9 billion. The sequential decline was primarily due to the cash outflows associated with the acquisition of Mist Systems and our recent accelerated share repurchase program or ASR. We generated cash flow from operations of $89 million for the second quarter. The primary reasons for the sequential decline despite stronger net income, where lower cash collections and timing of working capital related to supplier payments. We expect to see stronger cash generation in the second-half of 2019. As part of our ongoing capital return program, we paid $66 million in dividends and entered into a $300 million ASR. Before we move onto Q&A, I would like to provide some color on our guidance, which you could find details in the CFO commentary available on our website. Our second-half revenue outlook reiterates the commentary we stated previously, which reflects our expectation for above normal seasonal trends and a return to growth in the fourth quarter, due to our current pipeline of opportunities, as well as the expected positive impact from our go-to-market transformation activities. I like to reiterate our confidence in the long-term financial model we outlined at our Investor Day in November last year. Full-year non-GAAP gross margin is expected to continue to be pressured by China tariffs. I’m proud of our team as we’ve been able to mitigate the vast majority of potential impact of the China tariffs. Despite these ongoing mitigation efforts, the increase in tariffs from 10% to 25% is expected to have a 30 to 50 basis point impact on full-year non-GAAP gross margin. We plan to manage our operating expenses prudently. However, we continue to expect non-GAAP operating expenses on a full-year basis to be flat to slightly up versus 2018, inclusive of the acquisition of Mist Systems. In the second quarter of 2019, we adopted a full-year projected tax rate in our computation of the non-GAAP income tax provision to provide better consistency across reporting periods. For the remainder of 2019, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Due to the increased China tariffs and a higher non-GAAP tax rate, we now expect our full-year non-GAAP earnings per share to be at the low-end of the previously stated range of $1.75 per share plus or minus $0.05. In closing, I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper’s success. Now I’d like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Yes. Just to add on the cloud space, I agree that the PTX transition is largely behind us and I would say that the cloud vertical has largely stabilized. That said, any given 90-day period, you’re going to see some lumpiness in our quarter-to-quarter revenue, based just on customer deployments. In fact, I would expect Q3 to be down slightly off of this very positive Q2 result. I do think the second-half will be largely in line or largely stable to the first-half, but I do think sequential decline in Q3 is expected.
Ken Miller: Yes, and just to clarify, the Q2 results in cloud had very little impact with 400-gig. We are starting to ship getting into trials, getting into testing labs, et cetera. But the revenue that we posted in Q2 was really more of our typical revenue pairs [ph] we have from the cloud vertical, not 400-gig-related.
Ken Miller: On tax rate front, there’s really a couple of things if you really want to kind of reconcile to, say, last year’s rate, one would be the discrete items. Last year, we had some kind of discrete items that positively impacted our tax rate, which is why it was lower last year. This year, those discrete items are actually going the other direction slightly. And also really, it’s the international mix of earnings is a big factor on attach rate as well. So that also resulted in the rate being 19.5% for Q2. Now I’m trying to take some of that volatility out going forward by fixing the rate for the rest of the year on a non-GAAP basis at 19.5%. And the plan would be to, as we enter into next year, we’ll have a fixed rate for the full-year next year as well.
Ken Miller: Sure. So as Rami mentioned, bookings were up double digits. Revenue, as you mentioned, Jim, was down 6%. That’s really a result of this – the deployments that our customers wanted there for our shipments into those orders. Linearity on the bookings perspective was actually quite normal. So we didn’t have a back-end in quarter or anything like that from bookings perspective. However, the way the shipments laid out, it resulted in the results that we have, and therefore, backlog went up in Q2. Our enterprise focus backlog went up, which gives us more confidence about Q3.
Ken Miller: The only thing I would add to that is both our QFX product line, which is predominantly focused on data center and our EX, which is focused on the campus and branch, both grew sequentially. So we are seeing momentum across both sets of really switching platforms.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Hey, Paul, thanks for the question. I think the improvement in cloud is very much based on the fact that we are now through the big product transition that we’ve been talking about now for a year from MX to PTX. As a result of that, the blended pricing is now at a much more normalized level. And as we have been seeing, we’ll see a recovery in that business based on the pace at which deployments happen in the routing space within the vertical and, in particular, in the hyperscale part of that vertical. In the enterprise, the strong year-over-year bookings and the sequential performance in that business, I believe that the combination of robust spending in the enterprise space, which we’re taking advantage of, but certainly also a very strong product portfolio that spans both the data center, as well as the campus and branch. And, in particular, in the campus and branch now where we have the combination of a really strong portfolio in the wired switching space and now with what I believe to be the best wireless LAN solution with Mist Systems. So we’re certainly benefiting from that. In the service provider space, it’s really more of the same in terms of some of the market dynamics, but it’s a challenging environment. We expect it to remain challenging for sometime, but there are some catalysts there over the long-term around 5G that can certainly help.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So on the – in the cloud space, now what we’re seeing is essentially a reacceleration of some of the routing deployments among some of our largest cloud customers that we have benefited from. I expect that, we’re going to see a continued recovery over the next few years in the cloud routing space, primarily because of the fact that their businesses are doing very well. And in order to continue to support their businesses, they’re going to need to invest in their network infrastructure. In order to get to even better performance in the cloud vertical, we’re very focused on net new footprint and use cases, especially as it in the switching space for data center interconnect and spine-and-leaf. In the enterprise, we saw really great strength in the government space internationally, but especially here in the U.S. And I think Europe and the U.S., in particular, were strong for us in the enterprise beyond government, right, and larger enterprise banks financials and the mid range of the market, which obviously spans many different verticals. Again, I do think that the spending environment there remains fairly robust and we’re taking advantage of that. And I believe our technology roadmap and the products we have in the market are really strong.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the question, Simon. So you are right. I think, the market opportunity for the 400-gig capable product starts before the availability of 400-gig optics, primarily because many of these products are actually, in fact, capable of supporting both 100-gig denser 100-gig configurations, as well as 400-gig. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have our first set of platforms, a custom silicon-based platform and a merchant silicon-based platform, both of which support dense 400-gig, but even denser 100-gig configurations. Those are now being tested by our customers and we are essentially competing for net new footprint. The ramps in terms of meaningful revenue contribution really won’t start until the 400-gig optics become available. I expect that to happen in first-half to middle of next year. And then keep in mind that we do have an investment that’s happening in the silicon photonics space that enables us to become masters of our own destiny in terms of providing the types of 400-gig optics, which we believe will have superior economic value propositions in order to support our 400-gig systems and software roadmap that will see light of day over the next couple of quarters.
Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly. So you’re right. We explained, described a change in strategy around our silicon photonics effort. We were primarily using 100-gig as a way to learn. As you know, this is a new area of of innovation for us, and there are always going to be lessons learned whenever you’re sort of charting new territory. We have diverted focus on the 400-gig. The lessons that we’ve learned in the 100-gig effort have already been applied to our 400-gig effort. I remain optimistic about the opportunity and our ability to introduce into the market 400-gig optics in the first-half of next year, which will be perfectly timed with what we believe to be the ramp within our customers for 400-gig networks. I do think that we’ll have optics that will have a superior economic value proposition, superior power profile that is obviously very meaningful to all of our customers, but especially our cloud customers. There is still some risk, because again, this is a new innovation area for us. But with every passing month and the lessons that we’ve learned, I believe that we have mitigated – we’re mitigating more and more of the risk. So at this point, I’m quite optimistic of our ability to deliver on the roadmap.
Rami Rahim: We are primarily in the trial phase of the 400-gig cycle right now. So in some cases, those are in labs, in some cases, we’ve actually seen some very early sort of limited production type of testing that is happening. And this is the time in which we engage with our customers to make sure that we’re tucked and tied across the entire innovation stack from our new software capabilities and with our cloud-oriented Junos software that we’ve now introduced into the market and the new systems, and it’s looking good. It’s still early days, but I have to say that the feedback from our customers is very encouraging. We still got a lot of execution ahead of us. But based on what we’ve seen from a competitive standpoint, the products that have been in the roadmap for sometime, the feedback that we’re getting from our customers, the early testing that we’re doing, I think we’re in good shape to be able to take some net new footprint, which has always been the strategy.
Rami Rahim: I think that the volume shipments will largely be based on the availability of 400-gig optics, which is in the first-half of next year. The activities are happening now and the awards are going to happen over the next couple of quarters. And that’s what we’re absolutely focused on right now is essentially proving ourselves, so that we can get a real crack at net new footprints. And as I mentioned, I think, we’re in good shape to do that.
Rami Rahim: Certainly, John. So I think there are a number of factors. First is just the timing of build-outs among our customers, especially in the service provider space, where we have visibility into some projects that are happening in the back-half that will contribute to the momentum in that vertical. I do think if you see our performance in the enterprise, exiting the first-half of the year, where we build some good backlog, I think, that momentum is solid and will certainly contribute to the second-half. The investments that we have been making in the sales organization where we have undertaken a fairly significant and somewhat difficult transformation, the hard work of the transformation effort is now behind us. And it really is now around investing in net new quota-carrying sales or reps that will take time to become productive. And I think by the time we get to the sort of Q4 timeframe and into next year, certainly, I do believe that they will contribute meaningfully to our momentum all up. I will also add the innovation cycle. So we’ve announced a number of new products and, in fact, introduced a number of products into the market. So the MX 5G, for example, net new line cards that triple the performance and capacity of those platforms, those are now in customer trials. They’re being tested. And I think that will start to contribute in the second-half of the year. Mist, our software efforts around enterprise, multi-cloud connectivity will start to payoff increasingly near the second-half of the year. The last thing I will mention is just about forecasting rigor, which has been a real focus of ours as a function of this sales transformation effort. We’ve really added more emphasis on our ability to improve forecasting and predictability. And so all of these factors together, I think, is what’s contributing to the confidence we have in the second-half of the year.
Rami Rahim: Well, you’re right. We believe that the strategy that we have been embarking on of proactively taking our customers from the MX product line to the PTX product line in areas where it makes sense to do so has achieved the net goal that we were after, which is to maintain that footprint. We don’t believe that we have been displaced from any of the networks where we have that strength. I think the next opportunity for share shift will happen in the 400-gig cycle. And that just goes back to the commentary I just provided around the trial, the proof-of-concept testing that is happening right now. The words that I believe will start to happen over the next couple of quarters. And then ultimately, the deployments that will result in potential share shift from a revenue standpoint in the first-half and sort of middle of next year.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the question, Brian. On your question about Acacia, Acacia is a relatively small technology provider for us. So I don’t expect that to impact us in anyway than there are alternative sources for the kinds of products that we were buying from Acacia. From a 400-gig cycle and go-to-market, the first customers that will consume 400-gig, we believe will be the cloud providers and that will be followed up by the service providers. In the cloud space, we have everything we need from a go-to-market standpoint. And you’re right, there is the sales effort that we put into our cloud provider vertical, but just as importantly is the engineering effort. In fact, often our best sales people in the cloud vertical are our engineers that are developing the software, the systems, the optics that ultimately make their way into those networks. That engagement model is something that we’re very comfortable with. We’re very used to because of the strengths that we hold in the routing space. We’re just now extending that sales model and the engineering engagements across new footprint.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Sure, Rod. So in the service provider vertical, I think, it’s more of the same in terms of market dynamics that we have been calling out now for a number of quarters. The service – many of our service provider customers are under business model challenges. And as a result of that, there’s consolidation. There are all sorts of distractions. There’s also investment priorities around RAN and spectrum purchases and so forth that we have anticipated will impact this part of our business for sometime. There are sort of catalysts and even some green shoots that I do think will play out over the next few years around 5G, around our partnership effort with Ericsson, around our telco cloud momentum that we are seeing in the market, some of the portfolio enhancements that we’re making around the metro and mobile backhaul, which is very much aligned with the 5G growth. So I – we still expect that service provider all up for 2019 is going to be down on a year-over-year basis. What we’re calling out is, if I – if we take a look at the pipeline, the specific opportunities that we see in front of us, the second-half of the year will be better than the first-half of the year. That’s really the extent of the commentary that we’ve made around the remainder of this year.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So it really just has to do with the timing and how we’ve landed in a quarter. There was nothing intentional about the timing from our payable side. It’s just the way that – our invoicing from our contract manufacturers, in particular, worked out. It resulted in a little more cash went out the door than expense. I expect that to kind of recover in the future quarter – in this quarter in Q3.
Rami Rahim: Yes. From a tariff, the primary mitigation efforts have revolved around really changing where our manufacturing is being completed as an interest into the U.S. So we have a global footprint. As you know, we manufacture within China. We manufacture in other parts of Asia, which are non-tariff and we also manufacture in parts of North America, Mexico and U.S. So we have opportunity to move most of the production to other locations that was primarily done in China previously. And that’s really resulted us mitigating the vast majority. That said, we’re not able – we are not – we’ve chosen not to move all production out of China, so there are still some products that we still manufacturer only in China. And as always going to the U.S., we are seeing a tariff. It’s, again, it’s the minority of our total tariff exposure, if you were to go back, say, a year ago before tariffs, because we’ve been able to offset most of it. That 30 to 50 basis point impact that I’m talking about is really a difference between a 10% and a 25% tariff. So there is – we still expect to be a tariff in the second-half. In addition to the actual cost of tariff, we know some of the mitigation efforts by moving manufacturing from location to different locations has resulted in overall slight uptick in our cost of goods sold really as part of the mitigation. So there is some costs associated with that as well. We are passing along some of that tariff increase to our customers. We’ve been fairly successful of doing that. But there have been some situations where we haven’t been able to pass all the cost through, which is why we are seeing some impact to our gross margin.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I think we would get a benefit of hover an agreement tomorrow to eliminate the tariff. I don’t think we would get back to our previous cost of goods sold, because I do not believe we would move manufacturing back into China. We would likely keep it where it currently is, which is – has a slight impact, but much less than the actual cost of the tariff. So we would see a benefit if the tariff would be eliminated.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the question, Samik. So I do think it’s still early days, but Wi-Fi 6 is going to be a pretty significant growth driver for us in the campus and branch segment. The first Mist Systems Wi-Fi 6 products are actually now shipping, and we even have a few early deployments with some of our high-end enterprise customers that are starting to leverage that technology. To your question around whether is standalone or more combined, it’s all of the above. There are customers that have decoupled buying cycles between wireless LAN and wired technology. And in those customers, we’ll certainly – we’ll sell them the technology that they want. But with every customer that buys wireless LAN from us, there is an opportunity to either attach immediately, or at some point in the future through the fact that we’ve now created a channel into that customer and built the relationships with the IT team to sell them additional technology, whether it be wired or security, or SD-WAN, as an example. So that synergy based on the early days of the integration with Mist is becoming more and more of a reality for us and we’re proving out the thesis that we had. I just also just want to point out, in order to realize the full potential of the AX standard, which typically add some level of complexity to a network, you really need to have the kind of cloud managed AI engine that Mist Systems brings to the table that I’m now seeing firsthand how valuable it is for our customers. It simplifies not only the deployment, but it also simplifies the ongoing operations of a wired wireless LAN network and many of our customers are absolutely loving it. And I think that can be extended – that experience can be extended to other parts of our portfolio as well.
Rami Rahim: No, I don’t believe this because of a pull forward. I think if you take a look at our cloud business over the last couple of years, we’re sort of seeing a bit of a cyclicality that’s happening throughout the year, where Q2 tends to be a little quite strong just based on the timing of deployments and seeing a bit of moderation on a sequential basis is not anything that I’m really concerned about. We’re going to see some ebbs and flows in this business based on timing of deployments. But the Meta points for cloud is that the really hard transition is now behind us. We’re now at a point in a very unique position in terms of the footprint that we enjoy in the cloud routing space. We will see a recovery in that business, a continued recovery based on the continued investments that our big cloud customers are making in the routing segment. And, of course, then that focus that we have on net new segments, especially in our net new technology areas and footprint, especially in switching.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Let me start and then, Ken, why don’t you jump in on the question around with a tax rate. In the service provider space, which is largely determined by our routing technology, it really is just much of the business model challenges and the macro challenges, the challenges around service providers, as well as their focus on areas of investments that are outside of routing. Beyond that, I do think that, we’re in a mode right now where our traditional customers in the service provider space, especially Tier 1 customers in North America, are in and of themselves, not going to be enough for us to achieve growth in this vertical. So there is a very concerted effort within the company right now to build net new footprint, especially in International Service Provider account. So that’s going to take a number of quarters to build out. But that’s the thing that we need to do internally in order to sort of recover this – that routing and in particular routing in the SP space. That’s kind of the bulk of what’s happening in routing for us.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sami. I don’t think it’s just security, but certainly there is an element of it that’s tied to security because out of all of our technology areas, the software attach rate for security has traditionally been the strongest. The momentum we’re seeing in software is the combination of on-box software. So software that’s attached to systems, security, switching and routing that’s either way into our customers networks, and also the off-box software with things like the cloud management and AI solution for Mist or Contrail Enterprise Multi-cloud solution for the data center or for telco cloud. It’s that combination. There is a real strategy that we’re executing internally to increase software, the percentage of revenue. We’re very pleased with the progress that we’ve made. I think we are on track to achieve the objective of 16% software as a component of total revenue in the 2021 timeframe. And I think that the roadmap and the business models around those roadmaps that we have, we are introducing it to the market allow us to continue to see this momentum.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So we mentioned this is a customer that is in our cloud vertical and the technology areas are routing and switching, mostly.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks for the question. There’s a lot to unpack there, but let me try. In the cloud space, we have a very unique position in cloud routing, a position that we have built over a number of years, where that strength in terms of the footprint that we hold has remained as a result of a very deliberate strategy to ensure that our customers have the very best technology in order to build out what is networks that carry a huge amount of traffic. That strength is really unique to Juniper. We have substantial market share. And the path forward is one, where we leverage that footprint to continue to grow in that vertical based on timing of deployment, but also the ability to grow into net new footprint, which we have a real opportunity to do so, especially with the 400-gig cycle that’s coming. In the enterprise. I would respectfully disagree with the notion that Juniper is a point player. In fact, we’re one of only two vendors in the market that has a full portfolio in the campus and branch that extends wired and wireless, as well as SD-WAN to provide our customers with an end-to-end solution that’s, in fact, embedded in security that is actually working in the markets. The momentum that we’re seeing in the market is not by accident, it’s very much a function of the fact that this is an area we focused in from a technology standpoint and from a sales standpoint. And then there’s the data center side, where we have some unique differentiation there as well, in terms of the software and the hardware capabilities. In the SP space, I think there is a market dynamic that people need to understand. If you’re going to compare us to others in the industry, you really have to look at this across a number of different areas. First, our strength has traditionally been more in North America. And as I mentioned earlier, I believe some of the bigger build-outs now are happening more internationally and we need to tap into that. And we do that through great partnerships, but also by betting on go-to-market for net new footprint, which is in the process of happening right now. Secondarily, it’s around sort of where are our technology strength lies. Today, it’s mostly in the core, in the edge and the metro. I believe that there are build-outs happening internationally that are more in the access mobile backhaul space, where our portfolio is still now sort of coming together. So as that comes together, we’ll be able to leverage the strength and the relationships we have with a number of customers to see a rebuilding of momentum in the SP space. That’s how I would characterize the strength we have, but as well as the opportunity that we have across the different verticals.
Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly. So, in the switching space, I saw, I think, we saw a meaningful sequential recovery off of a tough Q1. We still have ways to go and a lot of opportunity ahead of us in the switching space. I’d say that it’s sort of equally split roughly more or less between the campus and the data center environment. We’re certainly seeing some momentum in the campus space because of the fact that we’ve now plugged what was a gap in our portfolio and wireless LAN. In the data center, I think that our differentiation and our ability to penetrate net new footprints and to reaccelerate that portion of our business comes down to a couple of different things. There’s the hyperscalar opportunity with 400-gig, which is obviously very important in a key area focus. But then in the enterprise, it’s – getting the enterprise multi-cloud software solution that simplifies the deployments and the ongoing operations of data center build-outs in the enterprise that I think is going to help. Now we’ve introduced the first version of that solution, that software solution just recently. We’re in the mode of making sort of a very rapid enhancements that are based on specific customer feedback that we are getting. And I think as we get into the back-half of the year, it’s going to contribute and going to help us in the data center portion of our switching business.
Rami Rahim: Yes. The EMEA region, of course, is a huge region that includes Western Europe, where we have a real strength in a number of specific accounts, Tier 1 operators, in particular. It also includes a number of emerging markets, Middle East and Africa, et cetera, where we’re still relatively a small player, but where we do see some real opportunity to grow the business. In fact, that is a big area of focus in net new accounts where we traditionally have not had a lot of presence and strength. So that is definitely a big part of the focus I just mentioned to expand into net new opportunities. Yes, outside of the U.S. where we have traditionally been strong, also outside of just Western Europe, which has been a driver of our EMEA performance historically, I think, we can sort of add fuel to that with more of the emerging market opportunities that I believe exist ahead of us.
