Rami Rahim: Thanks, Kevin. It's great to be here today to discuss the third quarter results for the Platform Systems Division. Overall, I'm pleased with this past quarter. Kevin covered the results at a high level, so what I'll do is walk through some of the drivers behind this quarter's results for PSD and provide some additional context. There are 2 key businesses within PSD, Routing and Switching, and the customers we serve span both service provider and enterprise. I'm pleased to report that PSD's revenue came in at $939 million, up 3% quarter-over-quarter and up 13% year-over-year. Our PSD product revenues were up 3% quarter-over-quarter and up 17% year-over-year. For Q3, PSD product revenue was at $742 million, our highest product revenue on record, demonstrating solid performance and continued growth in this business. The sequential increase in PSD revenues overall was driven primarily by growth in routing and strength in service providers globally. This quarter's switching results were mixed, up slightly year-over-year, but down sequentially due to lumpiness in service provider demand for data center solutions. While switching revenue declined sequentially, our switching bookings were healthy. In routing, we saw strong spending among our Tier 1 service providers, as well as strength among our cable and Web 2.0 customers. In the enterprise, demand is being created by data center consolidation, data center modernization and the continued adoption of fabric-based architectures. Let's go a bit deeper on our results. First, Routing, the PSD Routing business was up 7% quarter-over-quarter and up 22% year-over-year. Quarterly growth was driven by both core and edge routing, and the year-over-year growth in routing was driven primarily by edge routing. We continue to have a diverse customer base and a robust product mix. We simplified our product portfolio and delivered innovative products and technologies, including new variants of the MX2020 and the MX2010 and a new multiservice line card that delivers high-performance services to the MX. The Junos 13.2 release also came out in Q3, and it was packed with compelling customer features. We had some great routing wins this quarter, one at a leading Australian provider of home and mobile communications and broadband, and another at a leading Canadian provider of cable and Internet. The PSD Switching business was down 8% quarter-over-quarter and up 1% year-over-year. The quarterly decline was partly due to coming off a strong quarter in Q2 and partly due to the variability in service provider demand for data center solutions. On the other hand, we did see good bookings growth year-over-year and have a strong backlog going into the next quarter. We continue to see growth in both data center and combined campus and data center deployment. We saw strength in top-of-rack and 10-gig overall, both sequentially and year-over-year. We also saw good repeat and new business in both Service Provider and Enterprise accounts for switching. Our innovation pipeline was rich in the third quarter as we shipped several new variants of our EX family of fixed switches, as well as new 100-gig line cards for the EX9200. On the SDN front, Juniper also announced the general availability of our Contrail Controller that enables seamless integration between physical and virtual networks for both service providers and enterprises. It had been in trials with roughly 40 customers across the world. We are very pleased that we were able to pull in the dates of this release and ship a product that supports industry-standard protocols. All credit goes to our hard-working and innovative engineers. We also joined with VMware at VMworld in August to announce a hardware accelerated physical to virtual gateway solution using Juniper's high-performance networking infrastructure and VMware's NSX. The data center is an important focus area for us, and you'll continue to hear about our innovations in the domain, as Kevin mentioned earlier. We had some great wins in switching and wireless as well, one with a multinational industry leader in oil and gas exploration and refining, and the other at a global financial services firm. So with all that said, I summarize as follows: we are well positioned in the edge, core and virtualized data center with our portfolios today and innovations in the pipeline. Customer feedback around our solutions and recently launched innovations have been very positive. We are pleased with the progress we are seeing, and I'm satisfied with how we are delivering against our innovation agenda. At this point, I'm going to turn it over to Robyn. Thank you.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I'd be happy to, Kevin. First, I'll say that the main drivers that are sort of affecting our year-over-year performance in routing are still in the Edge. And I think that the demand factors there are very strong, whether it be capacity or service delivery or connectivity. But that said, we are pleased with what we've seen from a sequential standpoint in the core. We've been saying now for a couple of quarters that the core networks are running hotter, and therefore, there is going to need to be an upgrade cycle. And the fact that we're now seeing some sequential performance gives us conviction in that belief. As far as the question around T versus PTX, certainly, both are performing quite well. PTX year-over-year performance is very healthy. T Series in fact, I will say, is driving a lot of the sequential performance. You're actually right in that PTX is a bit of an architectural transition, which is why we have the T and the MX as other options for our customers to round out our portfolio and make sure we're well equipped to address any sort of core build out. The T Series remains the best investment story, investment protection story in the industry. And the PTX, especially now, is we introduced before the end of this year, we've announced this already, our 100-gig DWDM interfaces is really going to make it a very compelling packet optical solution for operators that are looking to consolidate layers in their network and simplify their network.
Rami Rahim: Certainly. So I look at a number of different layers. With respect to SDN, it is certainly still in the early stages, and there are a lot of customers that we're having discussions with around the journey that they will undertake in order to deploy SDN in their network. Today, what we're doing in fact is we're implementing the hook into our systems, into our platforms and the programmability into our platform that gives customers the peace of mind that they are investing in switching, routing, security that will evolve through this SDN journey without having to do a wholesale of network upgrades. That is very much resonating with our customers and we're seeing momentum in the market as a result of that message alone. Now we're also of course developing really industry-leading software, like our Contrail Controller, that provides unprecedented scales, that provides things like resiliency and peering between controllers and so forth that our customers are starting to really think about how they're going to deploy in order to solve a number of challenges in their network. I think that this is going to play out over multiple quarters. I think that one of the most prominent applications for it will be in the data center, to build out overlay networks for the purpose of virtualizing networks in the data center. We want to do this both with our own systems and our own controller, as well as with our own systems and partners like VMware. As I said, it's going to take a few quarters for this to pan out, but we're very confident in the solutions that we're developing to address these applications that I mentioned.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the question, Simona. I'll say that this market, whether it be core routing or edge routing, has always been a very competitive market. And I certainly don't expect any of our competitors to stand still. I operate -- we innovate under the assumption that both Cisco and Alcatel are going to be releasing new products, as they both have. It doesn't change the strategy that we are executing towards and the fact that I remain very confident in the technology that we're developing and releasing into the market. I mean, the fact remains that the PTX is still the only platform of its kind in terms of the efficiency of which it can move packets around. So it appeals to the transport buyer. T Series remains the best investment section. It's been out there for a decade. It's still growing. It still has excellent capacity. And then, as I also mentioned in the past, the 2020, the MX2020, now gives us an architectural approach that blends services throughout the entire network, edge and core, and that also is resonating with many of our customers. So I remain confident in the technology that we're -- that we have today. And of course, were not standing still either. We're working on next-generation silicon, next-generation software, to make sure that we maintain our competitive edge.
Rami Rahim: I'll just add a couple of things. I think you've covered it well, Kevin. The engineering principle that we're applying to our strategy are really all around focus and high leverage. If you think about what we've done in the past, for example, in focusing our investing dollars in the MX as opposed to spreading them across multiple different edge platforms, that is an example of a strategy that has worked very well for us and an example of what we are essentially doing now. I want to make sure that we solve our customers' high-performance networking problems with the fewest number of high-quality differentiated platforms as possible, and that's essentially what we're doing. We want to make sure that we're leveraging between our data center and our campus. We've done that in our organizational designs. Between service provider and enterprise, we've seen tons of opportunities to do that as enterprises start to seek the same sort of carrier class capabilities in their platform. We're doing just that as well. So I think these are just some of the principles that we're applying that have worked for us well in the past and will continue to work well for us going forward.
Rami Rahim: Certainly. So the major driver that we're seeing right now for switching are in data center and combined data center/campus opportunities. We execute at -- a good fraction of our business goes to enterprises that are building common cores that serve both their data center and their campus. 10-gig upgrades are still happening. They're coming strong from the growth in our 10-gig ports across our portfolio. SDN, as I mentioned earlier, the discussion now is about making sure that our customers are equipped with the infrastructure that can help them move through the -- sort of their SDN strategy, whether it be one with our own controller, Contrail, or one with our partner controllers, for example, VMware. We did not break out the QFabric versus EX performance. At the end of the day, we have multiple different fabric options that will solve various different problems that our customers need solved. The Virtual Chassis and the EX, QFabric and the QFabric architecture are both different options. And depending on who you're talking to or what problem you're trying to solve, each one will have a sweet spot in terms of its applications. And yes, as we did say, we're at -- revenue was essentially flat year-over-year. The bookings momentum that we saw in terms of growth gives us confidence in -- and backlog that we built, I should say, gives us confidence in the next quarter. And Kevin did mention that we are going to be announcing somewhat shortly some new innovations in the spaces that are going to help us and only increase our confidence.
Rami Rahim: Yes, Brian. This is certainly an important segment of the market, and this is precisely why we have created a partnership with IBM to make sure that we do have an offering that can satisfy that part of the market. But I will just point out that it's not only about that. There are the large sets of our customers, especially the very large customers that are looking for much more modularity, open interfaces between the various different stack elements in their data center, and we're well equipped to have those discussions, especially as a result of partnerships that we have with EMC and VMware and CloudStack and OpenStack, and so forth. We want to promote an open ecosystem of the different sort of software and hardware stack elements that will appeal to many of our customers. So both segments of the data center markets are really important to us, integrated and more disintegrated, if you will.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks for your questions, Rod. I'll take the first one, and then I'll hand off to Robyn to take the second question on the guide. Yes, on security, we had a good sequential uptick on revenue in our security business. And I think it's a reflection of the continued progress we're making. As I mentioned before on these calls, there's kind of 3 categories of scenarios that we're focused on in security. One of them is securing Service Provider LTE networks and the mobile Internet. The second is data centers, both service provider and enterprise data centers, and the third is campus and branch. In the area of service providers and securing the LTE networks, we did see some good momentum again on the service -- or this quarter on the service provider said, which is one of the contributors on that uptick, but we also saw very good growth sequentially on our high-end SRX, which is used both for those service providers and the data centers. So I think that the data center solution that we have, that provides Web AppSecure, Spotlight, as well as that high-end SRX, we believe, is an industry-leading solution, and we're seeing some continued progress, especially with the high-end SRX. And then for campus and branch, we also saw good sequential growth in our branch SRX, and that is also an area that we are doing some additional work for some new capabilities that we'll hear more about in the future. But I think overall, the SRX business did well. The ScreenOS revenue as a percentage of the total is a lower percentage of the total than it was in the prior quarter, which is a reflection of us continuing to make progress on moving that installed base and migrating from the ScreenOS revenue streams to the SRX and the rest of the security products. So overall, I think it's a good data point that gives us confidence we're executing against the right things. But that said, we know we still have a lot of work to do. We're very clear about that. We're very focused on that. We have the resources applied to that, and we believe we're well positioned for growth on our security business in 2014. Robyn, I'll let you take the question on guidance.
Kevin R. Johnson: Thank you for your questions. I'll take the first question, and then perhaps I'll hand off to Rami to talk a little bit about SDN and how he sees that unfolding in the marketplace. In terms of looking at what we see as a continued building strength of the service provider industry and marketplace, your question specifically was how we've seen visibility change in the last 3 to 6 months. And I would say that the trends that we identified, I would say in Q3 of the year ago, so about 12 months ago, are consistent. Yet I would say our visibility to the specific projects has -- continues to improve and continues to strengthen. And that's a function of bids that customers had that they were in the process of working that we have been awarded, and the teams are now engaged working on those projects. And in some cases, it includes new features, new software. I think the fact that our backlog is up, our deferred revenue is up, the pipeline is strong, all of those, are data points that are indicators that the visibility to that service provider spending cycle has improved over the last 1 to 2 quarters. Let me hand off to Rami to share our perspective then on SDN and how quickly, Rami, you see deployments unfolding.
Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks for your questions, Simona. I'll take your first question, and then I'll hand off to Rami for the second question. Just to clarify, I think in the comments, what we saw was we saw good sequential growth in APAC, of which China was one of the contributors. And I think my comments on China, specifically on the service provider side, is that our strategy has always been one that we've been very targeted or very surgical on the opportunities or the areas that we focus on in China, specifically those opportunities that play to our strengths, of having a differentiated product set in the areas of scale and performance for very -- obviously very high volumes of traffic in China. And I think there were some opportunities in the quarter that unfolded, that generated some revenue for us in China, specifically in the service provider routing side of the market that contributed to the overall APAC results. I think China -- we work closely with our partner, Ericsson in many of the service provider instances. And so Ericsson continues to be a very good partner for us in certain geographies. And certainly, China is one of them, and that's a contributing factor as well. Rami, I'll hand over to you for the question, Simona's question on the core.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mark. Let me comment on that, and then I'll let Rami add to it a bit on the product portfolio side. But let me just say, first of all, we have been pruning the product portfolio. I think one example of that is MobileNext. And just to give you some perspective there, when we launched the MobileNext project, it was part of an overall strategy to continue to increase our push into the wireless side of the business. And we continue to see good growth in the wireless side, as evidenced by the strong performance we've seen on the MX and some of the core convergence projects that were doing with PTX. And now, with the introduction of the ACX in the backhaul, I think all those things have helped us continue to strengthen our position in the wireless side of service providers. In addition, the inflection point of network function virtualization and SDN, we believe, is going to create a paradigm shift in how evolved packet core solutions are deployed. We believe that's going to become more of an x86 virtualized network function, and something like Contrail will play a role in service chaining and help enabling that. And so we took a decision to cancel that project. And so that cancellation of that project is pruning the portfolio and is part of this reduction in the headcount that we just spoke of. And I think there is a number of examples of smaller things like that, that we are doing. Now specific to your question on routing, and you said enterprise routing was down, keep in mind these are the same routers that we sell to service providers. And much of -- well, part of the reason it's down is related to the U.S. federal and other large entities like that, that have similar attributes to their business like service providers. So unless we took a decision to start to prune the portfolio in our core business and service providers, which I don't think makes sense, these are the same products that we sell to many of our large enterprise customers. But certainly, we do believe that the strategy we're on is one of narrowing our focus. We've been very clear that our focus on the service provider, and specifically the domains of the core and the edge of their networks, and now with ACX on the access layer of their networks, as well as their data centers, and that data center priority, is one that then crosses over into enterprise. You will hear more about some new things that we'll announce in the data center here later this month. And then certainly, there are some areas that we'll continue to assess, but we're very committed to the fact that monetizing our investment in R&D across both service provider and enterprise, with products that sell to both, is the most leveraged way to drive value, both for our shareholders and for our customers. Rami, let me hand over to you and let you -- see if you -- if there are things you want to add to that or amplify.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. Subu, thanks for your question. Rami let me hand this one to you, and I'll let you talk a bit about our switching portfolio.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. Thanks for your question, Amitabh. I'll take the first on and then hand over to Robyn for the second one. The first part of your question was related to security, specifically in the service provider market. And the specific area that we are focused on with that is securing the LTE network. So the mobile Internet of our large wireless carriers. And we've had a significant number of wins and success in that area. And the key driver is the fact that these require very high end systems to handle large amounts of traffic. And the high-end SRX has been a very strong offering for service providers in securing their LTE networks. We don't see a lot of competitive threats in that particular area of the service provider, which is where we're focused on security. Certainly, service providers have other security needs in other areas, whether it's data center, their own campuses. And certainly, there are competitors in those areas. But when it comes to securing the LTE mobile Internet, I think we continue to feel like we've got a strong position, and we enhance the product to have even more scale and the ability to handle more concurrent sessions and more throughput. I think some of the evidence is just the sequential growth that we've seen on our high-end SRX, is evidence of supporting that. On the data center side, your question was what do we see that -- with WebApp Secure and Spotlight. With WebApp Secure and Spotlight, we're now seeing some of the early stages of the deployments and the implementations of those. By the same token, we're seeing the high-end SRX that goes into data centers, that sequential uptick was also contributed by wins in the enterprise. And a number of these enterprise data center wins with -- in the area of security, in many cases, would fall into customer segments like financial services and Federal government that also have very large data centers and high-end computing needs. So there's no specific data that I can give you on WebApp Secure and Spotlight today. I would say it's -- we see sort of -- customers are now in the process of going through the early stages of deploying. We're starting to see deployments increase. But it's still early in that cycle. But it does -- those deployments do reinforce the value of the high-end SRX, and we did see good sequential uptick on the high-end SRX. Robyn, I'll hand over to you for the second part.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks for the question, Simon. I think the -- when it comes to the core routing, whether it's PTX or T Series, I think we saw good sequential uptick on T4000, and we've done a lot of work to lay the foundation for that. And as Rami mentioned earlier, PTX continues to be a good performing product for us. Key on us achieving that will be continued evidence that service providers are shifting or complementing their CapEx expenditures that we currently see on the edge and complementing those with continued upgrades and continued investment in the core. And we saw evidence of that in Q3, we'll see how that unfolds in Q4. The ACX addresses the access layer of the network, and I think we're seeing some beginning traction in the ACX. And we'll see how that unfolds as well. That's a newer product in the product family, but it does reinforce the strategy we have of focusing on the wireless service providers with a product set that gives us mobile backhaul. In terms of data centers, I think the -- we had a very strong quarter in Q2 with QFabric. We continue to move forward with some of the key QFabric wins that Rami mentioned, and this is both on the service provider side, as well as the enterprise side. And I think there's a number of deployments. I think Q4 will be a function of how many of those new systems get deployed, combined with how many of the existing installed base customers expand their networks. And then I think, in regards to MobileNext, we commented earlier on the call that we had canceled that project based on what we see happening in the market with a shift more towards network function virtualization. So I think the mix shift of perhaps what we expected to what we will see, we're probably going to see a higher percentage certainly in core versus the MobileNext, and I think Access will be probably about what we expected. And data center, I think, will be about where -- perhaps where we expected when we set that target a year ago in June. So the mix has slightly changed, but not too far off. And I think the key factor is going to be what we see in terms of SP CapEx focused on the core, as well as some of these big data center deployments with QFabric.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. So, Rod, on the guidance question, in terms of the Service Provider momentum that we've been seeing and we saw in the third quarter, we expect that to continue. We're seeing good design wins in all 3 theaters, and we continue to execute really well. The guidance is tempered by our expectation of Federal being weak in the fourth quarter. We did see some signs of that in the third quarter, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, and we do expect that in the fourth quarter. And so absent that, even through Enterprise, we're expecting to continue on a good path. But the Federal weakness, we're expecting in the fourth quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. Ben, thank you for the question. On the first question around services, so we did see a slight decline in the revenue quarter-over-quarter. We do expect that to come back over the next couple of quarters. We also saw a drop or a decline in the gross margins by about 2 points, and we do expect that to come back as well over the next couple of quarters as well. So the services business is very healthy. On the support side, obviously, as our footprint grows, we need to continue to make sure that we're there for our customers in terms of maintaining the products that we have out in the marketplace. So that's why the gross margin came down a little bit. In terms of the federal revenue, about a year ago, I gave you the percentage of about 4.5% of total company revenue and that, that had come down over the previous year. On a year-to-date basis, including the revenue in the second quarter, the routing revenue that we've talked about in the second quarter, we are at about that level, at about 4.5% on a year-to-date basis. I expect the fourth quarter to be weaker than what we typically see, and therefore, the percentage of overall total revenue for the year to be lower than the 4.5%. I hope that clarifies it.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, Amitabh. In terms of the OpEx side, obviously, as a company, we're committed to growing revenue and also to continue our journey on the operational excellence front. And we've done a pretty good job, I think, in terms of managing operating expenses and to reduce the overall cost structure of the company over the last 12 months or so. As we move into next year, obviously we're not at a point where we can give you guidance on that, but I will refer you back to our operating model, where we've talked about being -- OpEx as a percentage of revenue in the 39% to 42% range. At the midpoint of guidance that I gave you for Q4, we'll be approaching that 42% range. It's about 42.5% at the midpoint of our OpEx guidance for the fourth quarter. So my view is that's where we're headed into the long-term model range as we move through next year.
Robyn M. Denholm: Thank, Simon. I'll start, and then I'll let Kevin comment as well. So in terms of the third quarter, we were over $110 million of revenue on the new products. And as you will recall, there were 5 products that I talked about at FAM a year ago in terms of what constituted that $150-million target. It was T4K, the T4000, the PTX, QFabric, and then we also included ACX and MobileNext. It is very fair to say that the 3 products, T4000, PTX and QFabric, make up the bulk of the revenue in the third quarter. And they have done -- over the past few years, I've given you updates against that target. We feel very good about the pipeline that we have and about the design wins that we have across the board in terms of our T4000, PTX and QFabric, and the momentum on ACX is starting to build. And so we're 90 days away from the end of the fourth quarter, so we'll report out against that target in the fourth quarter. But we feel very good about where we are in the cycle of new products that we've launched. And don't forget, since we've talked about these byproducts, we've also launched some pretty compelling new products in the MX2000 series, both the 2010 and the 2020. And we've also had quite good revenue against those products as well as we've developed through the year as they've been out there for a quarter. I'll let Kevin comment as well.
