Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. The results for the first quarter were in line with our expectations and were above the midpoint of our guidance for revenue, non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP EPS. The change to the new accounting standard ASC 606 did not materially impact the overall first quarter financial results, and therefore the discussion of our first quarter results will reflect the adoption of ASC 606. Total first quarter revenue was $1,083 million, non-GAAP gross margin was 58.2% and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.28. As we expected, the architectural shifts in the cloud vertical continued, however, cloud revenues were up slightly sequentially and ahead of our expectations. The service provider vertical was challenged due to the timing of customer deployments, resulting in decreases both year-over-year and sequentially. Enterprise increased 4% year-over-year, due to strengths in all technologies. Routing and switching both declined year-over-year. However, we continue to see positive momentum in security where we saw a second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, four were cloud, four were service providers and two were enterprises. Of these customers, four were located outside of the United States. Product and service deferred revenue declined both year-over-year and sequentially, primarily due to the adoption of ASC 606. Without the impact of ASC 606, product deferred revenue would have been up approximately 19% year-over-year and flat sequentially. Service deferred revenue would have been up 4% year-over-year and sequentially. Non-GAAP gross margin was 58.2%. The result on a year-over-year and sequential basis was largely due to lower revenue, customer and product mix and higher service costs, partially offset by improvements in our cost structure. On a year-over-year basis, memory component costs were also a factor. Non GAAP operating expense was $497 million, a decrease of 2% year-over-year, but an increase of 4% sequentially. The sequential increase reflects the annual reset of variable compensation as well as targeted investments in R&D and sales and marketing, designed to strengthen products and market opportunities that we believe will drive differentiation and create future shareholder value. Our strong cash flow generation continued, with cash flow from operations of $271 million for the quarter. As we mentioned during our January call, during the first quarter, we initiated a $750 million accelerated share repurchase program and paid $62 million in dividends. Our total cash, cash equivalents and investment balance at the end of the March quarter was $3.4 billion and we repatriated $2.5 billion during the quarter. Before we move on to Q&A, I'd like to provide some color on our guidance, which you could find detailed in the CFO commentary available on our website. Our Q2 revenue outlook reflects a return to normal seasonality. While customer spending remains dynamic and difficult to predict, we continue to expect sequential growth through the remainder of the year, with a return to year-on-year growth in the fourth quarter. For the second quarter, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to improve sequentially due to increased volume and improvements in our cost structure. While we believe better volumes and cost structure efficiency should drive further non-GAAP gross margin improvement during the second half of the year, the pace of this improvement could be offset by mix and other factors. Based on our expected spending levels through the first half of the year, we now expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately flat for the full year 2018. In closing, I'd like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's success. Now, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Sure. So we are pleased with our gross margin result in Q1, slightly ahead of our midpoint of our guidance. That said, clearly it was down year-on-year and Q-on-Q as we expected it to be. The primary drivers for the decline sequentially would be lower revenue volume, which we talked about a lot last quarter as well as some of the mix issues, both technology mix, routing versus switching as an example, as well as just within routing as we go through this transition. We talked about the PTX product doesn't quite have the same margin level as MX, still a very good margin product above the Juniper average, but not as margin rich as MX. So those are the primary factors that caused this decline Q-on-Q. Going forward, we expect margin to increase with volume. You can see the Q2 guidance is 59%, so that's up sequentially off of Q1. I do expect it to increase throughout the rest of the year with volume. That said, the pace of the improvement could vary as mix will definitely be an impact going forward. So I don't expect the mix factor to normalize throughout the rest of the year. Just really the volume factor would be how I'd model that. From a ASC 606 perspective, there's really no change. I mean we had 58.2% in both ASC 605 and ASC 606. So the margin is the same in total. What is different is product versus service. So although revenue was largely unchanged there's just a $2 million difference between old rules and new rules, you did see approximately $29 million more product revenue and $27 million less service revenue. The cost of goods sold for products and cost of goods sold for service were largely the same. So that shift in revenues resulting in more margin for product, less margin for service, but overall not much of an impact.
Ken Miller: Yeah. On the gross margin question, we continue to focus on innovation and value engineering as well as optimizing our supply chain, pricing discipline and increasing our software mix as well. So there's a lot of company initiatives to drive gross margin up. Quite honestly, at this point it is too early to call 2019. We are looking to have an Analyst Day or Investor Day later in the year where we'll provide more long term color and update, our long term model. But right now the focus on growing gross margin sequentially as volume grows throughout FY 2018. And to that point, I wouldn't – we're not going to provide full year guidance. But I would encourage you to maintain your revenue and EPS assumptions for the second half that you currently have in your models and that would apply to gross margin as well.
Ken Miller: Yeah, I would just add. I mean, Q1 is seasonally a weak quarter for us, from a telco perspective. And what, as Rami mentioned, in this particular quarter, we did see some of our larger customers not deploy. And as you know, we have a fairly high customer concentration in the telco and we have a deployment based revenue model. So it does have impacts to our 90 day results more pronounced than other verticals, and that's what happened in this quarter. It's not something that's really macro related. It's really more Juniper specific.
Ken Miller: Yeah. So we're going to remain prudent on OpEx. That said, we're also going to make sure we invest in right areas to grow long term revenue growth and expand profits. You can see the guide of OpEx for Q2 is the $490 million level, so down off of Q1 levels. I also mentioned in my commentary that I expect OpEx for the full year to be approximately flat. So we believe a flat OpEx for us would be enough for us to invest in the right areas to make sure we focus on long term growth and long term profit.
Ken Miller: Yeah, and on the first question, so the cloud vertical was up sequentially. PTX was up year-over-year but down sequentially. The difference is the PTX was up within the cloud but it was down with the service provider space. So if you look at PTX, we still sell a fair amount to both service provider and cloud. The cloud vertical was up for PTX sequentially and the service provider vertical was down sequentially for PTX.
Ken Miller: Yeah. On your second question, we don't believe there's any pull into Q1 from a switching perspective. In fact, I do believe switching will grow sequentially from Q1 levels throughout the year and return to full year growth in the second half of FY 2018. And again it should be a full year growth FY 2018 over FY 2017. So we see the switching momentum only improving throughout the rest of the year.
Ken Miller: Yes, on the tax question, we did repatriate $2.5 billion in Q1. We still have 35% of our cash offshore, so roughly $1.2 billion is offshore. We expect to repatriate another $500 million or so late this year or early next. From an urgency perspective I wouldn't call it urgent. I think it's just good business practice to bring it back onshore. We did pay the full tax liability for all of our offshore cash in Q4 last year, so from a tax perspective that's behind us on the expense side. And just bringing it onshore just gives us more flexibility, but I wouldn't categorize it as urgent for any sort of pending M&A or anything. It's really just more good hygiene.
Rami Rahim: Simon, thanks for the question. Let me start with the first one around our expectation for security and switching for the year. The indications that we're getting in terms of customer conversations, the strength of the technology, we just had a great RSA conference showing a few weeks ago. The pipeline is looking good, so I do expect security to be a growth driver for us in 2018 all up. Similar set of commentary around switching. Switching has a degree of customer concentration. And we have talked about the fact that this transition, the cloud does have an impact on switching. But I also mentioned in my opening commentary that we're progressing quite nicely in that transition. And as a result of that I do expect switching to be a growth engine for us in 2018 all up. So security and switching I think will be growth technologies for us in 2018. As far as the PTX transition, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're making really good progress with now over 80% of the capacity that's being provided to the cloud vertical being PTX oriented. A much smaller number is in the service provider space and that's primarily because of the fact that the use cases and the applications in the service provider space are just not as conducive to a PTX type of architecture. The feature flexibility, the service delivery models and so forth are much more oriented towards the kind of flexibility that the MX provides. Additionally, we continue to invest in the MX. You can expect that there will be product refresh cycles happening in the MX that will improve the economics of the MX over time and provide telcos with the combination of flexibility, services capability that they need at more and more compelling price points. So for that reason there is going to be some shifting but nowhere near what it is for the cloud vertical in the next couple of years.
Rami Rahim: Yes, it was a little bit faster than what we expected. I mean, we were at the high end of our range all up. So it's not like it was a huge surprise for us, but it's fair to say that we're pleased with the pace of that transition, right? The new architectures are well understood at this point. The certification for the products and the solution is well underway. In some cases, the new deployments have actually already started. And again as a proof points of that we provided the capacity mix between PTX and the MX. So I think we're just very pleased right now that we are making progress. And the more progress we make, the more confidence we have that we're going to get through this transition throughout the remainder of the year and get back to a year-over-year growth in cloud routing next year.
Rami Rahim: Certainly Tim. So switching does have a fair degree of concentration especially in the hyperscale cloud providers where we still have a lot more room to grow over time. And I think the 400 gig transition is one that we're very excited about as an opportunity to go into capture share. We expect that to happen sometime next year. We're very much getting ready for it from the standpoint of the systems that are on our road map, the silicon technology that we have chosen, the optics components that will be required to achieve that 400 gig cycle. So all up, I actually am quite excited about 400 gig sometime next year as an opportunity for Juniper to take share. And as far as the switching trends in – that are happening in Q1 and in the next couple of quarters because of the fact that there is a fair degree of customer concentration in switching and because of the fact that this scale up to scale out transition that we've talked a lot about does have a switching element, we're seeing some cyclicality in the business. I do think that over the next few quarters we should see good solid growth in switching. And all up for 2018, I expect that switching will be up year-over-year. Very confident in the technology across software, silicon and optics that we have in the road map now for our switching product. So this is why I'm actually quite optimistic about switching in 2018.
Rami Rahim: Let me start actually with the second question around the pricing dynamics, and then I'll pass it on to Ken to talk about the gross margins and any impact with ASC 606. The biggest factor that has impacted pricing has actually been this cloud routing transition from MX to PTX. And as you all know, the PTX price per port is meaningfully lower than that of the MX. As we get through more and more of that transition then I expect there to be more normalization of the ASP compression on a year-over-year basis. I don't think from a competitive standpoint there's anything that's meaningfully different in Q1 versus what we saw last year. As this transition from MX to PTX plays out, I do expect that that headwind associated with price compression will start to alleviate. And now I'll pass it on to Ken to talk about gross margins.
Rami Rahim: Paul, thanks for the questions. So let me start with the service provider question. The factors that are affecting service provider have largely remained consistent over the last several quarters. Service providers are experiencing top line pressure. There is consolidation in this space. They are really thinking hard about how it is that they're going to move towards cloud-oriented architectures. And Q1 I think was especially challenging for Juniper because we had a couple of large telco customers, especially in North America, that just didn't spend as much as they have historically done. I do expect based on timing of projects, conversations we're having with them that we should see a recovery throughout this year. But it will remain a challenged environment I think for the next year or two. There are some potential catalysts that come our way for service providers. One of them is the conversations now especially on the heels of Mobile World Congress that took place earlier this year around 5G are really increasing. And that's going to require an investment in metro infrastructure to carry the increased capacity level that 5G will drive. It's also very much a cloud-native technology. So we are starting to see, and I would say, especially now in EMEA, an increased number of level of projects oriented around telco cloud that, I think, we are well set up to capture with our Contrail solutions. On the last question about hyperscale, I don't think we talked about any specific timing. In fact, we knew as we entered into the switching space that it would be easier for us to go after the Tier 2 cloud providers, the SaaS providers and the enterprise. And we've seen really solid momentum there that resulted in 25% year-over-year growth for the QFX last year. Hyperscalers are just going to take a little bit more time. We already have some presence in the hyperscalers switching use cases and opportunities, but there's a lot more for us to do. I do think 400-gig presents us with the next big opportunity that we're gearing up for.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Paul, we see the same CapEx reports that you see. And they don't – carriers, they're not always that clear about how they're going to be investing the CapEx dollars that they talk about as part of their plans. So, again, I would say, we're being cautious and prudent in terms of their spend levels, but we are very much viewing this as an extremely important vertical for us. And we're going to be ready to capture any routing opportunities or telco cloud opportunities with the innovations that we're putting into the market with our carriers. I will say, again, coming out of Mobile World Congress in Q1 of this year, I think, the relationships that we have with our major telco customers worldwide have never been stronger.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the questions. So on white box, I believe very strongly that we are innovating in ways that set us up to be very relevant to those that are moving towards white box type solutions. I do also believe that there aren't that many white box type opportunities, especially in the wide area. But to the extent that these become more of a factor, I do think that we are quite frankly leaders in this space. We were the first truly established network technology vendor that disaggregated our operating system. I think many of our customers whether they be telecom operators or cloud providers that are looking at white box are looking to achieve levels of flexibility, new levels of flexibility, programmability and telemetry. And in all of these areas we have disaggregated with a view on solving the specific requirements from our customers. So I don't want to comment about any one customer, but I will say that we're well equipped and well-positioned to participate in the disaggregation capabilities that some of our customers are currently seeking and asking from us. On hyperscale LAN and you're, I'm assuming you're talking about hyperscale datacenter, you're absolutely right that our market share in cloud routing is meaningfully ahead of our market share in cloud, and especially hyperscale cloud switching. We have already made some progress in switching opportunities inside of the hyperscale cloud providers but there is a lot more that we can do. We've learned a significant amount from the introduction of our QFX product line over the last year or two. And now have, yes, a product and solution and technology plan in place across routing, across silicon technology and across optics that I think only increase our ability to penetrate the hyperscale datacenter in the incoming years.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I mean, it really is just a matter of projects typically go through their typical cycles where there is a period of time where they are doing the solution development and the design, the engineering, and then there is a period of time where they're deploying. And Q1 at least for a couple of our largest telco customers, ended up being a bit more of a pause for them. So I don't think there's anything sort of macro level beyond the factors that I've already talked about earlier, it's just really a matter of the timing of where they are with these projects. And it's specific to a few customers.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the questions. So on the cloud transition, as I mentioned, we are on or ahead of where we expect to be right now on that transition. A lot of that transition is behind us. There's still more to go as we go through the rest of this year. The more of the transition is in the rearview mirror, with respect to MX and PTX, the more normalization we'll see in ASP compression, right, because the bulk of the ASP pressure comes from the transition from an MX with a certain price per port down to a PTX with a lower price per port. The math starts to work in our favor next year, assuming nothing is different next year for the kinds of port growth that cloud providers are seeing this year and have seen historically. As you know, many of the cloud providers have reported their numbers. They're not seeing any slowdown in their business. Their need to support their customers, from a service delivery experience, is it remains very important. So I truly do believe that this remains a very important and a growth vertical for us that we'll be very much focused on. Pricing in the service provider space, I don't think there's anything out of the normal. It's honestly business as usual. We talked about some of the macro factors around transition to cloud architectures and consolidation and the customer concentration. But from a pricing dynamics it's business as usual.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, let me start with your question around enterprise, and then I'll ask Ken to comment on your first question. What we saw in enterprise is strength in our federal vertical, financial services. Certain geos as well like Australia was actually a good market for us in the Q1 timeframe. I think we're leading with a software oriented cloud based solution. And that's leading to a good ability for us to position our switching, our routing, and our security. And the fact is, as you saw, the security actually was a good performer for us in the Q1 timeframe. We announced just a few weeks ago, a solution that helps enterprises solve the problem that is top of mind for most CIOs that I talk to, which is the ability to move to a multicloud environment with ease and with peace of mind on security, and that's exactly what Contrail Enterprise Multicloud seeks to solve for our customers. We've also complemented the solutions and the technology with a go to market motion where we are specifically targeting new logos and especially large enterprise logos. And I think all of this effort is coming to bear in some good results that we've seen now over the last couple of quarters. And I expect – I'm quite optimistic about enterprise for the rest of the year as a result.
Rami Rahim: I appreciate the question. In security, what I liked about our results is that they were fairly broad based in nature across our technologies and our use cases. So we've now refreshed our mid range portfolio and started to see momentum there. We've refreshed our brands portfolio and seeing good momentum there. We also saw good high-end momentum, primarily as a result of cloud customers. We're seeing also a nice diversity of use case between data centers and next generation firewall. And the million dollar plus opportunities that we track are growing nicely. And the last thing, I'd say about security is we're seeing good software attach. The layer four to seven software attach, which we track closely, which is, I think, a good sign of the value that we're offering to our customers is growing now on a year-over-year basis. I do expect based on the pipeline that we're seeing that we should see full year growth for security. On the M&A side, we primarily look for an organic approach to our innovation but at the same time we have good healthy balance sheet. We're generating cash and we would look for opportunities to accelerate our strategy, especially around the cloud, around the enterprise cloud and so on. So there is an opportunity for value enhancing strategy accelerating M&A. We view that as fair game to consider.
Rami Rahim: Let me address the first question about SD-WAN. So we view the SD-WAN opportunity as a fantastic opportunity. But we actually look at SD-WAN a little bit different than most of our peers out in the industry. We look at SD-WAN as a very important feature or element of a broader solution around cloud CPE, where we're offering not just an easy managed solution for connectivity but also one that offers security embedded and the ability to leverage third-party virtual network function. We are initially targeting our service provider customers as a way of enabling them to go after the SD-WAN market opportunity. That way we get to leverage the great relationships we have with our service providers. We also can leverage their go-to-market muscle that can complement our own in going after the enterprise end users. This year is really around wins and deployments. And we have, I believe, I mentioned in the last earnings call now three major telco wins. And we are in the process of deploying the solutions, so that we can take it to market by the end of the year and start seeing some revenue growth next year. I think it's early days in terms of SD-WAN. I know it gets a lot of press and attention, but it's still in the beginning stages of the total opportunity and we're excited about it. I think we start to see some revenue from it in a meaningful way next year.
Rami Rahim: Hey, thanks Dmitry for the questions. First on your question around Head of Sales, I think we're in the middle of the process right now. There's not much I can really say about it other than the fact that we have a great set of sales executives, fantastic bench strength. Our existing Head of Sales, Vince Molinaro is seeing -- is making sure to see that there is an orderly transition. So I'm quite pleased with the progress that we're making and expect it to be a smooth transition to a new Head of Sales when we identify that individual. And as part of your second question around pricing pressure, stand by what we said already. There is nothing out of the ordinary from a service provider standpoint in terms of the pricing dynamics. In the cloud space, the biggest factor is just the mix as we go from MX to PTX. And that subsides as we go through the rest of the transition that we see ahead for us. But in the ASP space again no new news there.
