Rami Rahim: Tim. Okay, I'll start, and then Ken, I'll pass it on to you. So what we saw from an order standpoint in Q4 is pretty much expected. Yes, the compares are getting very difficult. A year ago period, definitely Service Providers and Cloud providers were placing orders for multiple quarters in order to get ahead of supply constraints. Enterprise is a little bit of a different story. We actually saw flattish type order momentum on a year-over-year basis in Q4, but that was off of a very difficult compare in the Enterprise segment, where a year ago period in Q4, this would be in '21, orders grew over 40% year-over-year.  So looking forward to your question, I do think there will be for the next at least couple of quarters, a re-normalization of order patterns for Service Providers and Cloud providers as they consume orders that were placed a year ago period and in the Enterprise, I actually think that order momentum will continue. I think if I look at it to 2023, we should continue to see solid Enterprise growth, both from an order standpoint as well as from a revenue standpoint.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Alex, I'll take that one. So obviously, very pleased with our cloud-ready data center momentum and success that we saw in Q4 time frame. Over the last several quarters, we did highlight a couple of meaningful wins, one in particular, in a Top 10 cloud provider that was a data center win. So this would be a part of our CRDC business and the solutions that we're developing in that business. So whereas in prior quarters, that was sort of shown in terms of orders, now we're actually starting to see the revenue contribution.  There are other elements as well. I think our focus on software-led data center sales in much the same way as we've seen Mist lead to success in the AI-driven enterprise. Cloud-ready data center is still in the earlier phases of that growth period, but we're starting to see a pickup in Apstra-led type opportunities where the net new logos and the sort of the strategic nature of those logos are actually starting to contribute nicely as well. I would not expect this kind of cloud-ready data center performance on an ongoing basis, but again, I do think that I'm optimistic about the overall growth prospects for this business.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Samik. So what we saw in Q4 was mostly, if not entirely a function of supply. And that's not totally unusual to see this kind of a pullback after a very strong quarter. And if you recall, Q3 was actually a great quarter for Service Provider because we happen to be able to ship quite a large volume of products that was required that was on our balance sheet and also new orders that came in, in the quarter.  So -- but there's more that's happening in the Service Provider segment. First, we're monitoring closely new products that we have introduced over the last, let's say, a year or a couple of years or so. and we're seeing some really strong pickup, which I think gives us confidence in the next few years, if you will, in terms of the dynamics for this segment.  The MX 304 is the fastest-growing product in the last five years, the PTX product family, which really goes to the heart of the 400-gig opportunities that are out there is performing really well as well. I just finished answering questions about the cloud-ready data center. One of the things that's actually driving momentum in our CRDC solutions is the fact that there is a strong diversity of interest among all of our segments especially including Service Providers that are moving to more of a virtualized approach to delivering the kind of services that we're delivering in the past.  So there's a number of elements of this business that I think are positive for us long term. In the short term, we're going to get through this normalization of order patterns to revenue, as we just discussed. But long term, being in line with our long-term model, minus two to plus two or even better is definitely possible.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I'll start. So SP and Cloud, primarily because of the fact a year ago period and before that, they were just doing more ordering for multiple quarters to get ahead of the supply constraints that we were facing. And I think it's not unusual because typically the kinds of projects that SPs and Clouds are engaging and tend to be just very strategic, very large. They require a lot of upfront planning and for that reason, that early ordering was just happening in more abundance. It also did happen in the Enterprise just not to that same extent.  I think the second part of your question is about sort of the order momentum we're seeing in the Enterprise and why. I think we're just executing exceptionally well on the Enterprise across the board, pretty much every solution area, whether it be data center, are, of course, our AI-driven enterprise solution, even in the WAN, we had a great federal government quarter, for example, we're sort of firing on all cylinders. Our competitive differentiation and our solutions, especially in our AI-driven enterprise solution continues to work really well for us. And for that reason, Enterprise is now Juniper's is the largest segment. A few years ago, there was actually some doubt about whether Juniper can win or succeed in the Enterprise, and I think those doubts are pretty much behind us at this point.
Rami Rahim: And I'll just add on this. I think Ken summarized the situation for Q4 really well. Orders that we would have otherwise received in Q4, we already had them in hand because of customers that were early ordering, especially in SP and Cloud.  As we look at it to 2023, orders don't need to grow in order for us to hit the at least 8% in revenue growth for the year. But I actually think they can grow. And in the Enterprise, I believe they will grow.
Rami Rahim: 2022 and I think it's a demonstration -- that drive market share taking for our Enterprise business, and that -- our Paragon automation for the metro within the Service Provider debate.  Now having said that, I think your question is more around cloud providers and the opportunity that AI presents to us in terms of supplying the infrastructure necessary to keep up with demand. And earlier in this call, I mentioned how long term, I'm actually quite bullish about long-term cloudified businesses. And one of the reasons is because of AI. I believe that this is going to be yet another big initiative or a catalyst to increase traffic within the data centers and in the WAN leading or ending in their data centers among all cloud providers that they will have to get ahead of. And they get ahead of that by building higher performance, more cost effective, more cost-efficient networks, both within the data centers and in the wide area network. We will benefit from that because of the existing footprint that we already have within the cloud space -- as you know, we're in pretty much all of the major cloud providers, hyperscale and the top 10 cloud providers as well.  Add to that the new 400-gig opportunities that become exceptionally important to carry all this traffic cost effectively. And I think it bodes well for our cloud provider business in the long run.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I'd be happy to. So for 400-gig there's been 100 new wins between Service Providers and Cloud providers since our last update, which was a quarter ago. In terms of competitive landscape, it's always been a competitive environment. I believe that we have real strength, experience and know-how, especially in the WAN for service providers and hyperscale cloud providers where we can leverage our existing footprint in order to basically understand the specific feature by feature requirements and do sort of incremental upgrades to 400 gig.  But we're actually also seeing some really promising success, if you will, in the cloud-ready data center space, and they basically inside the data center switching fabric with 120 cumulative total 400-gig data center wins now and I do believe that we're in the early innings right now. I get this question quite a bit, where I know it feels like we've been talking about the 400-gig opportunity for a while. But actually, it's still early periods because there's sort of this time period in the early part of any new Ethernet speed inflection point that starts with the introduction of optics, the optics have to become cost-effective. Then the project need to actually start to kick in. There's a testing period and there is a deployment period. I actually think that we're sort of right now in the early stages of that growth, and I do believe that it's going to be a wonderful opportunity for us, especially in SP and Cloud.
Ken Miller: Yes. And I think it's worth reiterating, even though I made a comment in my prepared remarks that when we talk about adjusted orders, which were down for the first time on a year-over-year basis, but up sequentially, we really are just doing that one-way adjustment that I referred to. So if you were to normalize and add back those accelerated orders in the proper period, if you will, some of that would have been added back to the last quarter, Q4 '22, and we believe it would have actually shown growth, had we made those adjustments on both sides of the equation, we only did the takeaway side. So I want to make sure that's clear to folks.  From a backlog perspective, I mean, the math really is -- the primary driver of why the backlog decline was orders being down greater than 20% on a gross order basis. We also did see some growth in revenue as well as growth in deferred revenue that I would point to that some of the backlog doesn't get recognized immediately, particularly some of the software subscriptions and SaaS business that is in backlog until we actually invoice or execute that delivery which gives to deferred revenue versus revenue. So that growth also has an impact on backlog.
Ken Miller: Yes, I'll take that one. So we are seeing -- as you mentioned, Alex, the Product revenue does have a direct correlation to our Service revenue opportunity as our installed base gets bigger, given the pretty positive product revenue results of both 2022 and 2021, you are going to see, I believe, that have a positive impact on Services going forward.  So Services is a bit of a lagging indicator. It doesn't -- is not as volatile. Typically, you won't see as large of increases or as large of decreases as product kind of gets a little bit normalized, but trying to convert it to installed base and services. But I would expect our Services business to continue to be strong in 2023 as it has been strong in 2022. And the other thing I would point to is our margin is also quite positive in our Services business. The team has done a great job there. Not only satisfying customers and renewals, et cetera, but also really working down the costs.
Ken Miller: Yes. We're not giving specific guidance on Services, but I would say, as I mentioned, it is kind of -- it's a lagging unit care, it's not that volatile. So I wouldn't expect significant step function changes anytime soon. That said, maintenance business is the vast majority, but there also is a software element which is our SaaS element, which has been a big part of the growth of our services business over the last few years as more of our software revenue is getting recognized in the form of SaaS revenue.
Ken Miller: Yes. So pricing is factored in, obviously, to our outlook. And the way I would describe it, George, is we expect the majority of that 8% to be volume based. There is definitely a pricing element, but it would be less than half, assuming we did revenue at 8%. Obviously, as we grow, if we were able to grow faster than eight, we did put 8% out there was a bit of a floor, but we talked about at least 8%. The majority of that incremental would also be volume related.
Ken Miller: Yes. We're not giving too much detail on exactly the composition of 2023. But I would say this, though. I mean, I think the relative growth that we've outlined in our long-term model and actually that we've delivered for the last couple of years. So if you look at it by vertical, I would expect Enterprise to be our fastest-growing vertical and the products associated with Enterprise are predominantly AIDE and campus and branch, as well as some of our CRDC products.  Then you could follow that by Cloud, which is predominantly routing and data center switching and then followed by Service Provider would be our slowest-growing vertical. So I do think relative mix of our products and the mix of our verticals from a growth rate perspective is likely to play out similarly in 2023. But at this point, it's a little bit too early to call the exact components of revenue growth.
Ken Miller: Yes. I'll take both of those questions. So when we do -- the words we use officially is at least 8%. And when I describe it often times, I referred to that as the floor, right, because we're setting a range starting at 8%, and we're not really putting a ceiling on it. That's why I described the at least 8& as the floor. But if not, much confuse you, it's meant to be really -- it's the same guidance.  As far as price versus volume, again, I would say we are definitely getting a benefit from the pricing actions we've taken. It is impacting growth, but it is the minority of our growth, right? And the vast majority of our growth is tied to volume sales and quite honestly, taking shares in some of those markets that we're absolutely taking share and such as AI-driven enterprise in the campus branch base and I think we had a very strong quarter in data center as well. So I do prescribed our growth to the success and execution of the team much more than I do the pricing actions we've taken.
Ken Miller: The only thing I would add is as I've said before, any 90-day period, you're going to see a little bit of lumpiness Q-to-Q based on either vertical cuts or customer solution cuts. That really is a factor of inventory and supply and what we're able to ship in any given quarter. I think a longer-term view of FY '22 was more indicative of what our Service Provider business is doing, and we did post 3% growth, as Rami mentioned, above our model. So I feel good about the space overall. Based on the customers conversations we've had and the supply constraints, quite honestly, that we've had over the last few quarters, we do not believe customers are sitting on excess at inventory levels. It's not something that we're particularly worried about at this point. They clearly are able to not book as much as they did prior because they're no longer accelerating orders and are actually -- we're actually delivering the orders they booked previously. So the bookings is getting impacted. But from a revenue perspective, we're not seeing that impact.
Ken Miller: Yes. It's a really good question. And quite honestly, if something, I don't have a perfect answer to you, but I'll let you know what I expect to happen. So I absolutely expect backlog to start to normalize, and I expect us to -- backlog to reduce in 2023. I still expect that we'll exit the year with what I refer to as elevated backlog. I don't exactly have the number for you, but I do think we'll exit the year elevated. So it will start to reduce, but remain elevated, would be my expectation. And what the new normal is hard to say.  And as you mentioned, historically, we've been in that kind of $400 million to $450 million range for quite some time. I would like to think that the new normal is going to be greater than that, maybe closer to somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion as I think customers understand the value of giving us orders a little bit earlier, giving us a little longer lead times to react. I'm hoping that the new normal is a little less frantic as it was just a few years ago when we were starting the quarter with not enough backlog. So I feel good about our backlog position, obviously, the variability of it. I think it will decline throughout 2023 but remain elevated and work finally settled a couple of years from now, it's hard to predict, but I would like to speak more than where we were in that 400-level.
Ken Miller: The only thing I would add is we've had a lot of momentum in Enterprise for the last several years, and we actually expect 2023 to be a growth year for Enterprise, both from a bookings, order perspective as well as a revenue perspective and I know we aren't naive to some of the macro conditions out there. But given the product differentiation we have, kind of the market share we have, the opportunity in front of us, we feel pretty confident we can continue to grow the enterprise in 2023 despite kind of some of the macro conditions.
Ken Miller: Yes. So let me start with that. So from a backlog perspective, we did see a decline in the fourth quarter, as you noted, sequentially. However, I think it's important to note, backlog was up approximately $200 million year-on-year, right? So for the full year, we had a pretty strong bookings year and actually grew backlog, but you are starting to see that decline and you're starting to see orders, I would say, normalized, but actually, that's really not the right way to say it.  Customers have already placed orders, and we are now shipping those orders. So actually orders are understated, if you will, the true demand whereas the past 3 quarters, orders have been overstating through demand because they've been accelerating orders to account for multiple periods of time to adjust the lead times, now kind of the opposite is happening. And as I mentioned, we're not adding that back in.  So the bookings number is going to be very unusual, I believe. This like it has been on the positive side. I think you're going to see something similar on the negative side going over the next couple of quarters, which is why we think revenue is really the best demand metric you have. And backlog will come down, we haven't stated exactly how much and the timing of it, it really does depend on our ability to capture supply, which is uncertain at this point, but we do expect it to come down throughout 2023, but remain high as we exit the year as customers are basically consuming orders we've already received.  So I look at it as kind of a burden hand better than two in the bush scenario, where we already have the orders that really is the demand for 2023 in-house. And as we shift that it's going to play havoc on growth rates for current period orders.
Ken Miller: Yes. And to your second question, so from a backlog perspective, we believe our backlog remains extremely durable. Level of cancellations remain extremely low compared to the backlog levels, and I expect that cancellation level to remain low going forward. From a Q4 kind of timing of revenue mix perspective, you're right in that the Q4 miss basically made -- we made that up in Q1. So it really was a timing thing. We had a few more days. We would have made the quarter's expectation, but that rate did slip into Q1. We've already made that up. You can see that reflected in the Q1 guide of $13.40 which lower sequential than we normally see from a Q4 to Q1. So I believe that has been made up.  And other thing I'd mention is on the Q4 margin, which wasn't asked about, we did see some favorableness in the Q4 margin. Some of that is due to software mix and quite honestly, some of that's because we couldn't ship some of the hardware we were expecting to ship, which was at a lower margin. So that also has an impact on Q1 guidance where you're seeing margin come down seasonally a little more than normal off of Q4. It always -- it normally comes down, it comes down a little more to that software mix and as it relates to margin in 2023, I do think there's opportunity for margin to be flat to modestly up. I do expect there to be some improvement in some of those expedite fees and freight costs. That said, there's a lot of uncertainty with gross margin, and I feel that the street models as they are, the expectations there currently has, I would encourage you to keep those as they are for 2023. Operator, we'll take two more questions.
Ken Miller: Yes, from a lead time perspective, it's hard to get specific because the reality is all products have different lead times. But the range really is from 30 days to upwards of 9 months, even 12 months in some cases. One way to look at it would be our overall backlog. If you just went on a FIFO basis, we have roughly two quarters of backlogs. So lead times on average roughly six months as one might look at it and it's down a bit from where we entered the quarter. So we are seeing some improvements there.
