Kevin R. Johnson: Okay, let me -- so let me start. First of all, maybe just a couple of comments on some of the segments and how we characterize our routing business. I'd say that we were pleased with the balanced approach and the -- actually the success that we saw from the standpoint of the very segments that brought our routing products. So we saw good growth in cable operator space with traditional telcos and also in content providers. And each of these very different segments bought for different reasons. Clearly, cable operators are dealing with massive growth of video traffic, so this plays right to our strength from the standpoint of offering high-performance systems. The telcos, a lot of consolidation convergence, again, followed by the Universal Edge. The supercore product plays to that sort of trend that's happening in the industry. And last thing on the content providers, also known as Web 2.0, it's about peering and data centers and data center interconnect, again, all sort of trends that benefit from the high performance that we offer in many of our products and solutions. On the T4000, certainly what we saw, as Robyn mentioned, is that we saw sequential strength in our core overall. I will say that part of that strength came from the T4000 itself in the Q1 timeframe. I will say that still today, operators are more focused on the drivers in the edge of the network. So there is a greater demand, if you will, for keeping up with the capacity, the services and the connectivity at the edge of the network today. But sequentially, we're pleased with the trends that we saw in the core. You asked about the multichassis. We did announce and started to offer new multichassis products for the T4000. This is part of the natural evolution of the T series. We offered a multichassis solution for the T640, we did it again for the T1600, and now we're doing it for the T4000. It's not the global sort of customer base for the T series that are interested in this product, but clearly, this is a massively scalable solution that's very appealing to our largest customers that we're engaged with a number of Tier 1 operators around the world for that solution. The last thing I'll just mention on the switching side, there is no change in strategy here. In fact, we've always embarked on a two-pronged strategy for our switching solutions, both in the data center and in the campus. And the data center in particular, we know that there are -- is a subset of customers that want to go down a tiered approach so we have a 2-tier solution that consists of the EX product line. We've just strengthened the EX product line with the introduction of the EX9200, which preserves that architectural message of a 2-tier solution but brings in a level of programmability that I think is really going to help us, especially in this day and age where protocols are evolving, SDN is coming into play and our customers are trying to figure what that means for them from a solution standpoint. The other dimension to our strategy remains very consistent, which is that of the QFabric, a single-tier architecture. The QFabric, as you know, is our flagship data center product. And we did see again a bit more momentum there because of the fact that we introduced the MicroFabric, as well as some additional features that have been waiting -- that some of our customers have been waiting for.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I'll kick off the answer, Stephen, and then I'll let Rami add to it. Yes, I think we -- 2 quarters ago, I think started indicating that we saw some positive trends in terms of an uptick in North America Service Provider demand, and that was really driven by visibility to specific projects that we're involved in and that were unfolding. And now, we're starting to see those projects come to fruition and into implementation. I think this is a quarter, last couple of quarters, where we also now started to see a few of those types of projects start to emerge in Europe, with service providers in Europe. In addition, in the U.S., we saw specific strength in the content Service Providers, the Web 2.0 types of companies, as well as cable. And so that's a positive indicator. So, much of what we look for is, when we win a specific project, there's a certain amount of planning and configuration and architecture work that goes into it, and then you start into the deployment phases. And so when we just look at the portfolio of projects that are in progress that we've won and we're in progress and looked at sort of how the capital expenditures will then follow as they're aligned with those projects, we feel like we've got some positive trends in the U.S. and some good signals for some positive trends beginning to emerge in Europe. And, Rami, I'll let you comment further.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, Tal, this is Kevin. Thanks for the question. I'm going to stay away from commenting on specifics about any one individual customer, but I think that the broad answer is that clearly in our relationships with customers, we work to diversify not only the set of projects that we're working on but the depth of work that we're doing in each of those projects. And I think in some customer situations, it's new design wins, it's adding new projects, and in other customer situations, it's a balance of several projects. I think generally in the U.S. what we're seeing is a wider range of projects that we're getting involved in, and that's strategically what we've been driving to do with the Universal Edge. And I'll let Rami comment more. But the Universal Edge and the MX product family has really become a real workhorse for us and for our customers. And the fact that we're seeing the convergence of -- if it's just the consumer plus the business services and in a BNG type of implementation, that's creating opportunity for our customers to consolidate networks and get the economic benefits of doing that and leverage their investment in the MX to do that. So that's an example of one of the drivers that we've seen consistently around the world and customers in all 3 theaters. But I think the general answer is that in the U.S., it's probably a range of projects that we're involved in and certainly in a range of customers. And I think as we commented in Europe, what we're seeing now is the size of new projects being kicked off and launched in Europe, which is a signal that they're now starting to ramp with some new work. And, Rami, why don't I let you comment further on your perspective.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, and Tal, just a final point on the comments that Rami and I made, we talked a lot about the Edge and what's happening on access. But in many of these cases, we're also doing work in the core. I mean, we saw a good uptake of PTX, as well as sequential increase in T series. So I mean that just sort of supports the fact, I think, and certainly in our North American service providers, it's a range of projects, it's a variety of projects, that's contributing.
Kevin R. Johnson: Okay. Then on the question on security, maybe Robyn, why don't you start with the numbers and then I'll let Bob comment on sort of the focus that we have on the security business.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, so let me sort of kick off and just reiterate a way that I think it's important for you to think about this, and then I'll let Bob comment. What Bob talked about is 3 different areas of our security business. The first one being Service Provider, and we feel we're in a very good position with Service Providers. The revenue is lumpy. This is a quarter that it was low, but we feel like with the R&D we've done and the ability to take the SRX to handle 100 million concurrent sessions, that value proposition for Service Providers as they're securing LTE traffic in the mobile Internet is and continues to be a strong value proposition. So that part of our security business, we feel very good about. Yes, revenue is lumpy, but we've got new design wins. Our largest customers are continuing to deploy. We've got new innovation that addresses their need of scale. Service Provider is in good shape in securing mobile Internet. The second bucket is data center, and I think -- as Bob highlighted, I think the new innovation that we delivered at data center combined with our SRX and SSL VPN technology, we feel good about our data center offerings. We've got good customer interest. We've got to work, make sure we'd convert that to revenue, so I think data center, we feel good about. And the area that we know we still have work to do is in that campus and branch area. So you net that out, I think -- and Robyn's comments that of the year-on-year decrease in security, $20 million of that roughly was Service Provider, and that's lumpy and we're confident that we've got the right set of solutions there. So it was $10 million that was related to Enterprise. And we think that we're -- we've got a good value proposition at data center and we've still got work to do in campus. So that's kind of the framework to think about it. So the question is we've shifted the bulk of our revenue now to the SRX, and so the older ScreenOS products will continue to decline and it's our ability to then offset that with faster growth on the SRX, and we feel stronger in Service Provider and data center than in campus and branch. I think that's kind of the net of what Bob outlined.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, so in terms of the cost targets that we put out there, $150 million between COGS and OpEx, and about 75%, 80% in the OpEx area. We are making very good progress against that. You saw the sequential decline from Q4 to Q1, where typically we see an increase in the Q1 spending given the factors that influence Q1 around salaries and that type of thing. So we've actually -- we believe we've made good progress in terms of the cost reductions. As I mentioned on the Q4 earning call, many of the reduction in force or the workforce sort of reductions have actually happened in terms of the Q4 timeframe. We are continuing to work on supply chain reductions, as well as the overall infrastructure in the company, facilities and that type of thing, and that will be ongoing throughout Q2 and Q3 especially. So my view is we're on track to meet the targets that we set out, and I'm pleased with the progress that we've made.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, I would -- at this point, I think that we'll see it evenly between third and fourth quarter in terms of the reduction.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, thanks, Mark. In terms of the new products, we're making good progress against the goal that we set for Q4 of 2013 of achieving a quarterly run rate of $150 million. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that's largely coming from the routing products and QFabric. So that's actually the bulk of the over $85 million in the first quarter that we saw. In terms of margin profile, if you go back to my SAM presentation, we actually put what was at or above the corporate average in terms of product gross margins. And clearly, the routing products are above the corporate average. ACX, the access product, which is in the 5 products in terms of the new product target, not a material revenue at this point but is in that number, they were below the corporate average. And switching and -- is sort of in the middle of that. So our view is we're well on track for the 150 for the fourth quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, in terms of the buyback, in -- we have $438 million remaining on the current authorization of the buyback.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. So, George, in terms of the second quarter, what I did say in terms of the guidance is we expect the same sort of trends in the second quarter. So we're expecting Enterprise to be soft in the second quarter given the ongoing challenges in the budget environment with Federal.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. So -- and so in Q4, Ehud, we actually said that it was Service Provider demand that was in backlog if you like, and we did see that coming through in the results this quarter. We talked about switching being up in the Service Provider space in the quarter, even though we did see declines in the Enterprise space in the quarter.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I think Kevin covered most of it. I'll just add a couple of things. In our discussions with customers around the world, it's clear that traffic is continuing to grow. And this forms, of course, the foundation of much of our business. So it just comes down now to how much of a risk operators want to take or how hot they want to run their network before they want to invest. Clearly, as long as that traffic continues to increase, which we see it increasing everywhere, that investment cycle, especially in cost centers like the core, will come eventually. It's just a matter of trying to predict when, and it's very difficult to do so. The other element of the discussion is around service generation, which is all around things like the Universal Edge, our SDN strategy, our service chaining approach and so forth. This discussion and these engagements are really happening everywhere. But as Kevin mentioned, the pickup that we're seeing, the early signs we're seeing, are most -- are mostly prominent in the U.S. and certain parts of EMEA.
Rami Rahim: Yes, sure. I'll just say that it's not unusual, especially with our largest customers that we're engaging on a number of projects simultaneously. And as Kevin mentioned, even with a single platform like the MX, you can be participating in projects to solve various different challenges that our customers have with that platform being used in different applications. So that continues to happen. Increasingly, for example, we're not just having a conversation about wireline, but we're also talking about wireless projects and sort of solutions that our customers demand as they move their network from 2G, 3G to 4G. We mentioned, for example, in the last part of 2012, we introduced ACX. This is all about at bookend to solutions that takes many of our existing products and pushes them into the wireless side of the sort of the solutions base for our customers, we're having a lot of those discussions and they're happening in parallel to many other sort of discussions as well with a variety of different products.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Yes, certainly. So what I'd say this is that first, I don't underestimate any of our competitors. So a lot of respect for all of our competitors. But that said, building the massively scalable ultra-large core systems that our customers demand is not an easy thing to do, and this is part of Juniper's strength and our DNA. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I think that we have a three-pronged innovation strategy that, quite frankly, whether you talk about Alcatel or any other competitor, it's going to be difficult for them to match. Everything from the investment protection story that we offer with the T Series to the PTX, which is really a new breed of core transport supercore router that really nobody else has from the standpoint of efficiency, power efficiency, transport capability, optical integration. We just strengthened that with the announcement of the PTX3000. And last but not least, is the MX2020, which, again, we've just introduced along with denser line cards for the customer that wants to do more of a service-rich core. So the combination of these 3 products gives me confidence that I think we're going to do very well against incumbent competitors, as well as newer competitors that are trying to get into this space.
