Robyn Denholm: In terms of the end of the quarter, Q3 is a back end loaded quarter. From a DSO perspective, let me handle that part of the question first. It's really day 45 or before in terms of week 9 and in terms of DSO. So, that gives us an opportunity to collect it. This obviously the surge in shipments actually happened after that point, which actually resulted in the increase in the DSOs. Let me talk about MX 3D for a minute. So, if you look at our overall MX revenue it was strong in the quarter $176 million up from about a $145 million, an 18% quarter over quarter increase in revenue. What we saw during the quarter was very good strength in the ramp up of MX 3D as a proportion of the total. We are expecting a big quarter in MX in total, but we saw an increasing proportion of MX 3D orders as a total of the MX orders that were coming. That actually accelerated in the last three to four weeks of the quarter. So, the type of customers are quite broad. We actually saw a demand across all geographies in the service provider landscape in terms of the MX 3D. We’re seeing some very good design wins. We obviously fulfilled quite a number of those in the quarter. So, it's a broad-based increase in the overall level of MX and a higher proportion of MX 3D in the quarter. If you go back, we record a number last quarter. We record $24 million of revenue for MX 3D last quarter of the total 145. This quarter, as I said, we had bookings of 87. So, more than three times as much in the quarter and we tripled the amount of revenue as we did last quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah. So, in Q2 it was well in excess of one, and in Q1 it was marginally below one to one. So, our backlog at the beginning of this quarter was $260 million and at the end of Q3, we exited the quarter at $325 million for the quarter in terms of product backlog. So that's a significant increase quarter-over-quarter, which is why I gave the actual numbers in the prepared remarks.
Robyn Denholm: So, in terms of MX 3D, I gave the bookings number of 87 million for the quarter and the revenue number at $63 million for the quarter. So, that's an increase in backlog or a backlog amount of $24 million for MX 3D. So, that was the numbers that I gave in the prepared remarks. In terms of the overall federal demand, we had a good quarter with federal. We just believe that it would have been stronger had the uncertainty with the government budget and the continuing resolution happened, and therefore we expect some increased orders in the fourth quarter as it relates to that. Overall, that's captured in our guidance range that we gave in terms of revenue for the fourth quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So on a dollar basis, it was roughly flat with Q2 and therefore, on a percentage basis, it was down sequentially.
Robyn Denholm: No, Ehud. So, in terms of MX 3D, we have said it previously that MX 3D because it has our silicon in terms of a Trio chipset is actually a higher gross margin. So those two comments are not related.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, that's right. So, we are very comfortable with our overall product gross margins at that higher end of our gross margin range and so, it was only a very slight discernable difference in terms to mix quarter-over-quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah. I think in terms of the strength of the overall MX sales in the quarter or revenue in the quarter, we were anticipating a significant increase in total MX. I think in terms of revenues the last quarter it was $24 million. So, as you can see, we more than tripled the shipments in the quarter. Yes, we could've shipped more of that if we actually had supply of the components or had we forecasted for the quarter, we could've actually shipped more and that's why I gave you the bookings number of $87 million. Now, whether we could have shipped all of that or not that's another point, but I do think giving you the delta of $24 million is what we could have got us closer to the high end of guidance.
Robyn Denholm: In any one quarter, we have some backlog and I gave you the opening and the closing. I think the significant part is that we increased backlog significantly quarter-over-quarter, which is why I gave you the two data points there. So, in any one quarter you might have a small fluctuation in the backlog, but this was a significant increase.
Robyn Denholm: As we've said in terms of the prepared remarks, Europe was specific to a large deal that we had last quarter in Eastern Europe, and I recorded that last quarter, obviously that did not replace itself in Q3. So that was part of the reason for the sequential decline. The other was Middle East where we actually had some chunky business in Middle East last quarter as well. So, overall, it was down 5%. We did see strengths in the UK, Netherlands, and France in terms of the business there. I think it is fair to say that Europe overall is slightly lagging the rest of the world in terms of recovery, but we are seeing good design wins and as we've said, good business in U.K., France, and the Netherlands in the Q3 period, and last quarter we did see good wins in Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
Robyn Denholm: So, Tal, I'll cover the first two bullets and I'll let Kevin talk about the last one. In terms of service provider overall, we were pleased with the 2% sequential increase in the quarter. We're actually overall very pleased with the orders in the quarter. As you can imagine, many of the MX 3D, in particular, but other orders in the backlog are actually service provider related. So, if you look at the orders as well as the increase in demand, the design wins, the discussions with our service provider customers both in North America and elsewhere, we're pleased with the momentum that we have in service provider. For the full year, we've talked about this before that we believe that the second half of the year is high proportion particularly for the North American service provider customers than the first half of the year. Our experience in Q3 with the orders that we did get was within the range that we were anticipating. We actually believe we're on track to hit that 52% to 55% in the second half.
Robyn Denholm: So, in terms of federal, I didn't break out the percentage of revenue. We've not done that before in terms of the percentage of total revenues of federal. We have included the deals that we think have slipped into the fourth quarter within our guidance range.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of the guidance range, we do expect an increase in service provider and in enterprise quarter-over-quarter. Typically, the fourth quarter is a strong service provider quarter, but we also see a good finish to the year end enterprise. So we actually have incorporated both in our guidance range for the fourth quarter.
Robyn Denholm: I'll start and then Kevin can add. In terms of the North American providers, we are very pleased with the Q3 orders and revenues that we received from our Tier 1 US North American service providers, and it was within our expectation of what we anticipated for the quarter. So, if we look at both our backlogs and our discussions with our customers, we're confident of the second half revenue and we're also confident obviously of the fourth quarter because we know what we have in terms of the third quarter revenue from them to-date. So, if I keep going back to the back half or particularly our North American service provider tends to be a higher percentage of total revenue. Then I look at the backlog and I also reflect on the discussions we've had with those customers, we do expect that to tick up in the fourth quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Let me talk about the multi-year growth agenda. So as I talked a couple of time and Kevin obviously has as well, we are on a multi-year growth agenda of 20% or higher. The reasons why we believe that are the innovation that we brought to market and that we are bringing to market in the corollary is that Kevin outlined in his script actually today on the mobile Internet and also on the data center and also with our continued growth in core and edge routing as well as the switching portfolio. We're confident as we bring these new products to market, we will continue to see the growth that we've had. So the 20% or higher we talked about in February of this year being a multi-year growth agenda and that's what we are focusing as a whole company on in terms of the R&D investments that we're making and also the positioning of the sales and marketing resources as we look to capture that near and longer term opportunity.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of the first quarter, we'll talk about that in the next quarter's earnings call, but as Kevin mentioned, we are in a multi-year growth agenda. So, we're looking at that long-term perspective as well, but we'll address our Q1 of 2011 specifically on next quarter's call.
Robyn Denholm: I'll address that. I'm not sure exactly the question, but from my perspective, we get the orders when we get them. We book them and we ship them as we can. So, clearly, what I talked about was Q3 was back-end loaded quarter which is typical of the third quarter given the holidays and that type of thing. We actually have a customer request day when they actually place the orders with us and we've done this to meet that customer request day. So, the fact that as we proceeded through the quarter, the last month of the quarter, last three to four weeks of the quarter we actually saw increasing proportion of our MX orders coming as MX 3D, that outstripped the supply that we had for the quarter. So, that's my answer. The other thing is we obviously, as we've said today, in a couple of different areas, we manage the Company overall for the long term. So, we are not looking at the artificial dates at the end of the quarter for in terms of how we manage with our customers actually.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of SLT, I'm very pleased with the progress that the teams made. They've had very good multi-year discipline in terms of driving top line growth as well as driving the most efficient use of their OpEx as they drive forward. So, they've done a fabulous job. In terms of IPG, we've done a fabulous job with IPG itself. We also include in there Project Stratus and Falcon which have been in a pretty heavy investment size. So the fact that the two operating margins have actually converged is goodness, because as I said, we've got our investments in the other infrastructure areas like Stratus and Falcon that we're doing over this last couple of years. Mike, we'd like to move on. We're getting close to the hour and I know there is a couple of that still have - are in the queue to ask questions.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of gross margins, they are good gross margins. I mean, MX gross margins were good gross margins. MX 3D are better as we've talked about before given that they are our intellectual property on the Trio chipset. So, at the Analyst Day, I gave you lots of different inputs into what will keep our gross margin range in that very healthy 66% to 68% of revenue and MX 3D is one of those areas, the extension of the platform, the continued penetration into different accounts and the fact that we continue to grow in volumes across all of our major platforms SRX, EX and MX as well. Obviously (inaudible) is growing well as well in terms of call. So, all of those things help in terms of the gross margin range.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of those are in backlog, exiting Q3, yes. We've taken steps to increase the supply, obviously prior to this call in terms of the MX 3D components, because we obviously anticipate that to continue to ramp. So, we've increased the supply going forward of MX 3D specific components.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of EX, we saw a 10% sequential increase and over 100% year-over-year. We actually saw a good enterprise quarter with EX this quarter. Last quarter, we talked about managed services wins and design wins on that front. We had a very healthy increase last quarter quarter-over-quarter with the service providers. This quarter it was largely enterprise that grew. So, we are pleased by that continuing momentum in the enterprise.
Kevin Johnson: Simona, let me try and answer that. The MX 3D, as you are aware, is designed with the trio chips that allows to scale on three dimensions. It can scale on traffic volumes, it can scale on a number of subscribers or users and it can scale on the number of services provided. As a result, we are finding MX 3D as a platform that’s engaged in a wide number of scenarios. Certainly Traffic Direct and the wins that we've had there, MX 3D as a platform for that for content distribution networks and what we are doing with the Ankeena acquisition and the Media Flow offerings, it's a platform for content distribution networks. We're finding customers using it, where they're connecting data centers, connecting the clouds with the MX 3D. So, there's not one common or one single pattern of scenarios. It's actually getting broad adoption across the wide range of scenarios, which reinforces I guess the design point that we had behind the product.
Kevin Johnson: The comments I made is that we want to start feathering up our investment in sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue, while at the same time feathering down the percent of R&D OpEx as a percent of revenue while maintaining our long-term model. I think that's reflective of the fact that R&D has delivered this great set of products and expanded product portfolio and certainly, as we have Stratus and Falcon hitting the market along with we've done with Junos Pulse and Junos Space, I feel like it's an appropriate time for us to start feathering up our investment in sales and marketing. We're going to balance that on an overall OpEx way by featuring down R&D as a percent of revenue, and certainly, driving top line revenue growth is what's key to giving us the ability to have op margin expansion while continuing to make these investments.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, and we're tracking those too, Tal, and some of those we've already closed just in the first few weeks of this quarter, but the federal team has - they have the list of things and we've seen the progress they are making there.
Kevin Johnson: First of all, let me just comment broadly on our strategic alliance partners, and our strategic alliance partners are included in that mix IBM, Dell, Nokia Siemens Networks and Ericsson. Certainly, NSN and Ericsson focus more on the service provider side, where IBM and Dell focus more on the enterprise side, but all up, that group of partners are basically their revenue growth year-on-year is a bit more than double what we've seen in our own revenue growth. So they're helping drive a larger portion of our revenue force with our focus on those four strategic partners and IBM is included in that. You asked specifically about the OEM relationship, the overall IBM relationship, whether it's reselling Juniper products or selling the IBM branded version of Juniper products that overall relationship continues to grow year-on-year. The OEM element of that though is moving slower. So the bulk of what IBM is doing is still resell of Juniper product, which is fine with us obviously. I think the key points are that our overall strategic alliances are continuing to help grow and help us drive revenue. Number two, IBM is a key part of that. They are growing as well. Your specific question on OEM, we're seeing most of the growth with IBM being in traditional reselling versus the OEM version of the product.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. I guess, the things I would point to you, certainly, our focus on security and what we're doing in the area of security plays a key role in that, and some of that functionality and capability is in the SRX, and then some of the capability we're doing in security as in Junos Pulse. The WAN acceleration technology, we believe that that is also something that technology evolves to be built into the system versus having a separate system. So, the Layer 4 through 7 stuff for the most part we view that stuff as being built as software applications that run on our Junos platforms. So, I think you see it's evolving strategically in that direction. As you point out, certainly those are logical addressable markets that we can expand into and continue to innovate and broaden the product portfolio and do it in a way that accrues value to the underlying Junos platform.
Kevin Johnson: I'm certainly acknowledging that logically these are possibilities. Things like WAN acceleration we've talked. Mark Bauhaus and the team and SOT has talked publicly about what we're doing to evolve that. So, we've been public about the things that we're working on, and if there is new things that we announced we'll announce those when we're ready to announce them.
Kevin Johnson: That's a good question, Mark. I think if you look at the historical patterns over the last four to five years, that's been in place for at least the last four to five years where I studied the historical pattern. Certainly, in 2009, things got more back-end loaded as customers were being much more thoughtful about which side of the quarterly boundary they wanted to land their capital purchases. In 2010, we've seen that smooth out a bit more from 2009 into a more normal pattern. I think part of what's just been built in over the last 10 years in terms of how people are making significant capital purchases, they kind of look later in the quarter what they are going to do and certainly that require us to have good visibility to their plans and good relationships in connections with them. Just to reinforce Robyn's comments, from my perspective our engagement with our large U.S. service providers I think visibility is good.
Kevin Johnson: I'll just add to that, Jeff, I think, at the Financial Analyst Meeting after the first of the year, certainly we'll have an opportunity to outline the perspective for 2011 and reconfirm strategically where we are going and how that unfolds, but there is three key points. Number one, we compete in a large addressable market and if you take, just for example, Ethernet switching and the fact that we surpass now 2% market share, we'll just keep driving and taking market share at such a large addressable market that for us to continue to grow in that one gives us plenty of headroom for grow. Number two, we've expanded the product portfolio, and if you look at going into 2011 with the progress that we have made on our Stratus Project for data center fabric, the progress we are making with Falcon for our mobile packet core. We've got an event later this month around Junos Pulse to share some new announcements and things we are doing there that expands our opportunities, the work we are doing with Junos Space. We've complemented that with some M&A in Ankeena, and how that translates to the Media Flow solution that we have for content distribution networks as mobile and how that's being integrated into features of Junos Pulse. The large addressable market, the expanded product portfolio, and the fact that we are complementing our organic R&D with some of this targeted M&A tuck-ins, I think those three things, I think are all key to us delivering on this multi-year growth agenda that Robyn outlined. We look forward to the Financial Analyst Meeting where we can provide you perspective of 2011 and the operating principles and where we're going.
Kevin Johnson: Let me just comment that we are in the process right now in our planning process of putting together our headcount plans for 2011, and so it's premature for me to give you specific numbers on what will happen, but my comments to Simona, I think, reflects strategically what Robyn and I would like to see happen, which is, I call it feathering up of sales and marketing cost as a percentage of revenue, and you can think of that in terms of a point at most in percent of revenue and feathering down R&D as a cost of the percent of revenue, and obviously, doing that all in a way that allows us to continue on our path towards operating margin expansion. So I wouldn't over-interpret these comments as being some dramatic shift in strategy, but it's basically the subtlety of where we are trying to put resources. I think that having our sales and marketing resources to go get the money and go get the revenue is key to us driving the long-term, top line growth agenda. By driving that top line growth agenda that's what's going to allow us to continue to fuel the investments that we need in R&D that help us continue to expand the product portfolio and help us continue to have a long-term value creation agenda for both customers and shareholders.
Kevin Johnson: The Project Falcon has a number of different milestones and deliverables. The first deliverable was Traffic Direct, and we shipped Traffic Direct in Q2 of this year, and so Traffic Direct is a shipping software product that runs on the MX 3D, and I think Robyn highlighted some of the design wins that we saw this last quarter on that. Falcon, Project Falcon and the next milestone is part of the Evolved Packet Core software that also runs on the MX 3D, and we anticipate being in a very limited number of customer testing early trials by the end of this calendar year, that's the only milestone that we've announced thus far, and we are on track to make that milestone. Then beyond that, obviously, there are other milestones and certainly, as this unfolds, we'll share those with the marketplace as appropriate. In terms of your question on how many customers are running MX 3D, the first thing I'll remind folks is that, the MX chassis, the MX 3D is basically a line-card upgrade to the MX Chassis. So, all existing install base of MX customers can upgrade to the MX 3D by simply purchasing the MX 3D line cards. So, it's important when you look at the work that we've done to establish the install base that we have of MX, that all becomes addressable platform for us for the Falcon offerings that are coming to markets. I don't have a specific number on the number of customers that are running MX or MX 3D, but I think clearly by the fact that just this quarter, we more than tripled the shipments of the MX 3D versus last quarter, it's just an indicator of the continued increased demand. My comments earlier on the fact that there is a wide range of scenarios that those customers are running it in which is also reflective of the fact it's a wide range of customers that are running it. The key areas to think about were mobile Internet and the focus is as these smartphones continue to grow and the amount of traffic delivered to these smartphones continues to just explode and the transition from 3G to LTE that is the sweet spot for what we've target Falcon and the MX 3D for, and that's where we're going to be laser focused with our go-to-market efforts.
Kevin Johnson: I'd just punctuate Robyn's comments by saying, well your point that software where we have software offerings like the - offerings coming from Falcon, Media Flow that is content distribution networks, Junos Pulse, Junos Space, those are all software offerings and software offerings have very good gross margin properties. I think at the upcoming Analyst Day, I think, Robyn and I will provide you a little bit more insight into gross margin on the software and how we're going to work to drive a larger mix of our revenue in software which obviously is very helpful when you look at the gross margin perspective.
