Stefan Dyckerhoff: Thank you, Kevin. My decision to change career path is driven by a long-standing personal aspiration to work with entrepreneurs as a venture capitalist with the goal of financing market defining companies. Juniper's product portfolio and our roadmaps are stronger than they have ever been, and we are starting to see the results of the work over the last years, with early signs of increased momentum on T4000, PTX, MX, ACX and QFX that will enable future growth for Juniper. I have worked with Rami for many years, and he has played a key role in Juniper's success to date. I'm confident that he is the right executive to lead the Platform Systems division, and I look forward to working with him, both during the transition phase and then throughout 2013 as an advisor. I want to add my personal thanks to the employees at Juniper for all of their support during my many years with the company, and look forward to staying connected with Juniper with my new role. Thank you. With that, I will hand it over to Robyn.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: Sure. I think what we're seeing here is kind of the continuation execution of a strategy that we had outlined. So when our customers look at making buying decisions, they look at really fundamentally 2 things: Total cost of ownership and then the ability to generate revenue from new services from the network on the service provider side. So from a total cost of ownership point of view, certainly with the PTX, that's a great way to simplify the network drive down both CapEx, in terms of cost per bit and power usage; and then OpEx, as you simplify. Very similar on the T4000, where we give you a very simple way to upgrade the existing infrastructure to get to a lower cost per bit. At the Edge network, it's a combination of 2 things. It really is total cost of ownership. So certainly, the MX enhancements that we outlined that are shipping next quarter with the MX2000 series, those drive down the total cost of ownership and also give the customer great investment protection story. But then on top of that, this is where service providers generate revenue. So the ability of Junos to evolve support the JunosV App engine so you can have multiple services at the edge of the network reduces the time it takes for service provider to generate revenue. So, those 2 things really drive adoption and, as always, the service providers have a long-term view of these architectural transitions.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: This is Stefan, let me just briefly comment on the China Service Provider question that you had. I mean, traditionally, we've been strong in China, particularly in core routing with the major carriers. And this is really what we saw this quarter. They're running very large networks, experiencing very large growth and certainly the T Series benefited from that. And from that strength, we're obviously trying to break into other areas of the network, but that's really what drove the business in the near-term.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: As always the SP business will be lumpy, right? But we feel good about our position in the architecture and as they see growth and they'll go through the investment cycles and we'll be able to benefit from that.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: Hi, Simona, this is Stefan. So let me comment on the first 2. On the T4000, we're happy with the uptake. I would say, in terms of a number of upgrades, it's very consistent to the kind of uptake that we see with the T1600. As customers are more careful about their spend, which we do see, they might upgrade the chassis first and plug in one of the new denser line cards and then hold off on upgrading the rest. So, we think that this cycle might take a little bit longer and be a little bit more sort of flatter in terms of the uptake just because of the spending environment. But overall, in terms of number of T4000s out there, number of customers that's qualified it, very much in line with the T1600 experience. And so this will evolve over multiple years, right? And that's what we saw with the T1600 as well. And as all always, our customers will sort of apply the quarter-to-quarter spending discipline to how they upgrade the infrastructure. On the PTX, we've really seen it play out to where this is complementary to the T4000 upgrade. There are a number of customers that have both T4000 and PTX and working on both. The PTX helps us redefine the architecture and helps us take share in the core [ph] , I think, as we see that play out. There is an opportunity to merge networks into one like we saw from Verizon last quarter. So these are the kinds of opportunities that will drive our growth going forward, and that opens up growth for us in those networks.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: Yes, I think on the wireless side, this is also a function of where we are on the product portfolio. We recently introduced a sort of new access point, a sort of new management capabilities that's coming out later this year and early next year. And that really will be the key for us to drive forward. But as Kevin mentioned, it was flat to slightly up quarter-over-quarter. So we continue to invest in that business.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: Sure. I think from an overall demand picture, we still see -- when we talk to customers traffic increasing at a very good clip. And fundamentally, the growth of traffic, I mean, is still outstripping what Moore's Law gives you, right? So you how to really invest in the silicon, in the systems to keep up with that growth of traffic. And our customers always push us to build bigger and bigger systems to address this problem. In terms of how they run their networks, as Kevin mentioned, they upgrade their networks for multiple reasons in terms of how hot they run it, where they put capabilities in the network and they'll make those different trade-offs. But their fundamentally going to choose to upgrade if they can either reduce the total cost of ownership or generate new services in addition to the underlying demand curve that drives their business.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: Yes, maybe just to add a little bit from my many conversations with service providers, I think the one sense of urgency they feel is that they can't just build the network the same old way. So they are looking to reduce the total cost of ownership and their speed and cost to service by considering the right architectural transitions that they should make in the network. And that then coupled with what products can fulfill that, and certainly just like we saw on the MX a couple of years ago, we feel very good about those product cycles that are coming to market now. And that's always going to be a key driver for our business.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks, Rod. I'll just add to Robyn's comments. In the U.S., I think we continue to see good demand from our service providers, and especially with the Tier 1 service providers were working with. Clearly, in the U.S., I think, this will be a year that we see a more typical first half versus second half capital expenditure plan, and we have to net that with the fact that we did have some large PTX projects that kicked off in the first half and how that balances. But in the U.S., we feel good. In Europe, I think there still some softness in Europe, and we're very cautious about the situation in Europe. In Asia Pacific, I would characterize this as stable. I think we had a good performance this quarter in China, and we'll stay focused on Asia. But we net that all together, and I think that came together in the guidance that we have for the quarter.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I'll just add to Robyn's comments, Tal. I think if we look at MX, MX showed sequential and year-on-year growth. EX and QFabric showed sequential year-over-year growth. SRX showed sequential growth and flat year-on-year, and I think when we look at those combined with what we see happening with PTX and T, it gives us a positive sense on how product, value proposition of the product. When you look by sector, there's some variances there. Certainty the U.S., we're seeing stronger demand from service providers. When we look at the project, the project run rate and the set of projects that we're doing and that doesn't always translate to a specific revenue in that quarter, but the outlook on projects and the work that we're doing in the U.S., I would say, is positive. In Europe, we had a reasonable quarter on the Service Provider side, but we're very -- still a lot of softness, and we're very cautious on the outlook in Europe. In Asia Pacific, we had a good performance in China but were -- Asia Pacific, I would characterize this as very stable. On the Enterprise side, we saw good Enterprise performance in APAC and EMEA and some softness in the U.S. And the softness in the U.S. is primarily driven by Federal and Financial Services. So you net that together, I think, overall, when we look at product revenue and, as Robyn pointed out, backlog and deferred product revenue, we feel like we're making reasonable progress.
Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks for the question, Stephen. I'll take that one, Robyn. I think first of all, with the PTX and the T4000, as those products were released, certainly, customers go through the process of certification and testing them in their labs before they begin deployment. And I think we commented, we now have 15 customers of PTX who are in various stages of that process. On the T4000, there's a process they go through, where they -- first, they upgrade the T Series chassis to be able to handle T4000 line cards. And what we've seen thus far is some good progress on the chassis upgrades and, yet, I think there's still a wave of line card upgrades to come and that's a function of as customers look at their investment priorities and they look at the network -- how hot their network is running and where they need to deploy their capital. Certainty, we think we're positioned for that. And then the MX continues to be a very solid product across the dimensions, the wireless, the wireline and the business services that our customers deliver. So I don't think there's any one specific thing, but it's a wide range of things. And maybe, Stefan, I'll ask if there's any additional color you want to add for Stephen.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks for the question, Jeff. The answer from my perspective at a high level is 2 things: Number one, I think it's clear that on the Service Provider side, networks are running hotter, especially when you look at some of the capital expenditures in Europe, as an example, and even through the first half of this calendar year, the addressable market for routing had declined by about 3 percentage points. Yet network traffic, I believe, continues to increase in many cases and putting pressure on, or increasing the utilization of these networks. So number one factor is networks running hotter, which means at some point investment cycles need to kick in. And number two, it's our product cycle. I think I look at routing specifically for service providers, when you look at from the core what we've done with PTX and T4000, to the Edge and aggregation to what we've done with MX from even with this new release of the MX2000 family and the software assets on top of the MX. And then all the way to the access layer with the ACX. I think we have got a very rich portfolio of technology and solutions that is differentiated from competition, and that, combined with the fact that networks are running hotter, I think, positions us well for the future. And your second part of your question is can you quantify that, and I'm hesitant to do that because much of that is going to depend on factors as we go into 2013 that are going to have to do with the macro and investment cycles. So I think consistent with the comments Robyn made at the Analyst Meeting. Look, it's our intent to really focus on how we can run this company in a way that we're able to grow faster than the addressable markets. And I think with the things we've done from an innovation standpoint, from a product standpoint, when it comes to routing, I think we're very well-positioned, certainly with switching and what we've done in QFabric, I think we've continued to take share, and we're well-positioned going forward and Bob's comments on security are consistent with the view that we've got a strong value proposition in Service Provider, and we've been taking actions over this last year to strengthen our hand in Enterprise. I feel like those are all the right set of things for us to be doing.
Kevin R. Johnson: And then the final question you had was related to QFabric. I'll just comment, this was a quarter with QFabric where we saw much more activity on the interconnect and the directors. The full QFabric systems that were connecting together many of the nodes whereas in prior quarters, we're seeing more of the activity on the nodes or the top-of-rack side. So I think I attribute much of that to the fact that the release of the QFabric M interconnect has enabled an entry point for customers now that are now doing more of those deployments. I don't have specific numbers, I apologize on that, but the way I would characterize an answer to your question was this quarter was much more about the full QFabric systems, where in prior quarters, I think there was a lot of groundwork laid for QFabric nodes that are now being connected together into the full data center solution.
Robyn M. Denholm: Thanks, Tal, I'll start and then I'll ask Kevin to come in as well. So if you look at -- the demand in the quarter is, obviously, a reflection of not just the revenue in the quarter but also the bookings and the deferred revenue in the quarter. And so to me, as we commented in the prepared remarks, we're seeing good demand for our core products, both in terms of PTX and, as Kevin mentioned, we had started to see the beginning of the upgrade cycle for the T4000 as well, which we are very pleased with. In terms of MX, you saw good sequential growth in that, and we're continuing to drive feature sets, not just on the MX itself but also in terms of the software that runs on top of the MX as well, and again Kevin mentioned that in terms of new product announcements that we've made as well. In security, it is -- on the Service Provider side, we continue to do well in terms of the demand environment out there. And that is what drove the sequential revenue growth, as we commented in the prepared remarks. Enterprise, we do believe we've stabilized. In terms of the demand environment, there's still work to be done there but that team is on top of that. So Kevin would you like to...
Robyn M. Denholm: So, Tal, as I mentioned before, our customers continue to be cautious in terms of the near-term spending environment that they're actually participating in. We continue to have a good dialogue with customers around the world in terms of the product sets that we have. When we set our guidance, we take into account not only the revenue in the quarter, but also the bookings that we've received in the quarter and the deferred revenue. And now our point of view on the fourth quarter is that customers are going to continue to be cautious.
Robyn M. Denholm: Thanks, Ehud. In terms of the revenue progress against the $150 million for the Q4 2013 exit point on $600 million annualized run rate, as I mentioned on the call, we're on track. We'll give you periodic updates in terms of where we are against that goal. And as we've mentioned before that is against all of the 5 new product areas that we talked about at FAM. In terms of the cost reduction activity, I am pleased where we are as well in terms of the cost reduction activity. We are on track to achieve the $150 million in terms of total cost reductions, both in terms of OpEx and COGS for next year. And we'll give you an update as to where we are against that as we move forward through the year.
Robyn M. Denholm: All right. So, in terms of the -- in the prepared remarks, I talked about 100 basis points of additional cost reduction in the quarter. So if I step back in terms of gross margins, we're pleased with performance in gross margins this quarter. We have seen some improvement in the quarter-over-quarter cost reduction and supply chain efficiencies that we're putting in place. What I also mentioned in the prepared remarks was we did see the onetime benefit of about 100 basis points that we don't expect to recur. And then there are credits and other things like that, that we saw in the quarter that, as I said, I don't expect to recur.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, as I mentioned previously, Ehud, the 100 basis points is onetime. If you take that out of the gross margin performance in the third quarter, it's pretty in line with that. And yes, we did see good performance in terms of mix in the third quarter as well. And so we expect that to continue in the fourth quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, Ittai, so let me start off with the public sector and financial services. So as we commented earlier, we did see strength internationally, sequentially, with our public sector and financial services business. In the U.S., we did have a strong quarter last quarter in terms of public sector, that this quarter was okay from a public sector perspective, but obviously, it was down quarter-over-quarter. So it's a timing perspective. Our public sector team is absolutely fabulous and they're continuing to drive market share wins in the public sector in the areas that we focus on, particularly in the U.S. area. So I'm confident with what they're doing there. In terms of financial services, again, we had a stronger quarter last quarter. We did see that decline quarter-over-quarter in the U.S. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the international business in both of those areas did better this quarter.
