Rami Rahim: Thank you Kathleen and good afternoon everyone. Reflecting back on 2016, I'm pleased with how we've executed, gained momentum throughout the year and delivered on our objective to grow revenue for the full year. Revenue of $4.990 billion increased approximately 3% from 2015. Our innovation engine at Juniper has resulted in the introduction of several new products addressed the sweet spot of where the biggest market opportunities in networking lie today. We entered 2017 with an outstanding product portfolio and a determination to enable our customers to fuel their cloud businesses or to successfully migrate to cloud architectures. We've delivered on our innovation pipeline while maintaining a sharp focus on disciplined expense management and investing prudently in our longer term growth opportunities. As a result, we expanded full year non-GAAP earnings in 2016 and we expect to see earnings expansion again in 2017 as we look to 2017 we are energized by the opportunities we see from the shift toward the cloud and network automation. The cloud transformation is our primary area of strategic focus and we believe our history and innovation leader and our deep understanding of high performance networking technology position us extremely well to capitalize on this industry transition. Now I would like to summarize the highlights across switching, routing and security. We are very pleased with our strong performance in switching where we saw strong growth in the data center and with cloud and content providers. Our focus on the cloud opportunity has resulted in a fast growing data center switching portfolio. Our QFX family of products saw strong demand with revenue increasing approximately 90% year over year in Q4 and over 50% for fiscal year 2016. Our routing business continues to perform well with both sequential and year-over-year growth in Q4. We have been particularly pleased to see the healthy growth of the routing business in our cloud vertical and view that as proof of our differentiation across both the MX and PTX product families. PTX had another record revenue quarter while MX revenue also increased sequentially as new line card demand continues to grow. In addition, we saw a healthy demand for new MX chassis, a healthy signal for continued interest in our MX portfolio. Our Contrail business continues to show good growth sequentially and year over year, and it diversified across geographies and across various cloud customer segments such as telecom service providers, SaaS, large enterprises and cable MSOs. In Q4, we had a number of marquee customer wins across these sectors and geographies while continuing to get subscription renewals and capacity expansion revenues from existing customer wins. These customer wins enable us to expand our hardware footprint as we help them operationalize next generation services using cloud architectures and high performance networks. In Q4, we acquired AppFormix to complement the analytics and machine learning capabilities of Contrail and to help customers enhance their cloud operations. Various independent research surveys have concluded that Contrail is one of the most widely adopted commercial cloud networking solutions in the market. And we are pleased to see that Contrail is proving to be our customers preferred choice for cloud networking. 2015 was a challenging year for our security business. Having said that, I'm confident that we're taking all the right steps to turn around this part of our business. We have significantly refreshed our product portfolio with new price competitive and feature rich firewall appliances, vastly improve security management with Junos Space Security Director and advanced deception techniques and machine learning to catch zero days threat with Sky ATP. We believe we are gaining mind share from customers, partners and analysts with our refreshed portfolio in the enterprise and expect growth from security in 2017. I want to thank our customers, partners and shareholders for their continued support and confidence in Juniper. Finally, I want to extend the very big thank you to our employees around the globe who each play an important role in successfully executing to our strategy and creating value for all of our stakeholders. With that I will turn the call over to Ken who will review our quarterly and full-year financial results in more detail.
Rami Rahim: Thanks. Let me start. So we are going to stick to our 3% to 6% growth guidance or outlook that we have provided. Having said that clearly the mix that we have provided won't play out exactly as we had predicted, security in 2016 did worse than we expected and that's because of the fact that we missed time to transition. As I mentioned I'm confident in the steps that we’re taken and the momentum that we're seeing in the new products associated with security. Having said that I don't think that in a three year period security will grow as fast as we had anticipated because of the weaker start. That said I think switching is doing extremely well we're confident in our revenue portfolio. And all up, we can maintain that 3% to 6% overall revenue range.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, look Simona, thanks for the question. As far as carrier outlook, I think first in Q4 we saw a good sequential increase in revenue in the carrier space, we had predicted this primarily because we expected some year-end spending by the carriers. The outlook I think remains somewhat you know that the outlook is still somewhat challenged and that there is a bit of a new normal in the carrier space that we've been talking about for a while we see the same reports that you see in terms of CapEx spending and that tells us that they that carry spending is essentially stabilized i.e. the declines that we had seen historically are pretty much behind us at this period of time. We're not expecting in our full-year outlook any sort of major recovery in carrier spending. I think where the spending is going to remain robust is going to be in the cloud space where we have been really focusing and seeing really good growth been throughout last year and I think that continues this year.
Rami Rahim: So the QFX product line as you know there are the top of rack component within their new spine switches that we've introduced over the last year. They're still early in their product life cycle in many cases we are competing in opportunities where they're still in the evaluation phase. They're being tested our customers are gaining more confidence in the operations of the product and so on. In some cases they are net new customers like I said we never really had an opportunity to break into without having these products but in other cases we have been relying on the relationships or taken advantage of the relationship that we have with our existing customers where they might already be routing or security customers that now have an ability to take advantage of a switching product line that has the same operating system, the same operational model. So it's a nice balance at this period of time of the types of customers and the opportunities that we are engaged in right now. And like I said it's still early days in terms of where we are in the product lifecycle. We just introduced the 10016 in the Q4 time, so just a few weeks ago. And we are absolutely continuing to invest in the product line so you can expect to see an increase in software capabilities, new line cards that leverage, new silicon chip sets and so on in the future.
Rami Rahim: So we're pleased with our routing performance in Q4 we saw 5% sequential growth and you know modest year of year growth as well as. Most of the strength however in 2016 in routing and in and in Q4 in particular from the cloud vertical and that's a result of the fact that the demand for cloud services is growing very rapidly and cloud customers typically really value high performance highly efficient power efficient infrastructure that is exactly of the type that Juniper has and continues to develop. So I'm optimistic about the strength of that particular vertical as I mentioned I think in terms of the telco space there is a there is a new normal as the telco customer the ball there architectures to cloud architecture they're going to delay investments in traditional routing infrastructure and what we need to do here is to make sure that we engage with them in a way that allows us to benefit from the new architectures when they start to take shape and this is where Contrail and virtual routing and virtual security and other such types of technologies that we're developing really come into play today. We're not expecting any dramatic increase in telco spending any time in the near future and that's built into our outlook overall.
Rami Rahim: Let me start Paul and I’ll pass it over to Ken. To your first question around what we're seeing in terms of pricing pressure, there is no sort of deliberate strategy that Juniper is executing on where we are going to start to use pricing as more of a tool to go after market opportunities. It's more of a reaction to what we're seeing in certain vertical certain geographies we've talked about EMEA in particular where competition is getting a bit more aggressive and so we are always going after opportunities where high performance networking where the quality of the products where the performance and the scale and the automation capabilities matters but we're seeing that in order to be competitive. Even with those attributes and those differentiator we're having to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing so that's really what it comes down to not a specific and deliberate strategy by Juniper at this point.
Rami Rahim: I think the other thing just to mention one with respect to our cost of goods sold in gross margins of with the introduction of new products always after you get through sort of the beginning period of ramping up the product they tend to be favorable to gross margin because you're leveraging more as well you’re leveraging newer technology and so on. And we are seeing that the new products as they ramp are contributing, they are a tailwind when to gross margin so as they take or represent a larger fraction of overall revenue it helps us in achieving our longer term model.
Rami Rahim: I will start with the security question and then Ken can you can address the EPS question. You’re right Tal in that the primary focus over the last year or so in security has been on refreshing the low end of our security products and the midrange so we've introduced the SRX1500, 4,100, 4,200 in their class across low and mid-range they are best in class in terms of price performance. We have plans to refresh entire portfolio of security products because one of the things that we were struggling from has been that the all of our security products the hardware was older and it was not price competitive. We've already addressed a big fraction of our products made in far more price competitive. As we move forward into 2017 what we're doing is aggressively adding more and more features and capabilities to the newer hardware product better in the market. I can tell you that the feedback that we're getting from our partners our customers analysts has all been very positive and very encouraging and this is why we're actually seeing some momentum in your product the issue is just that the older products have been declining very rapidly and part of that has been because of a very aggressive end of life strategy and part of that was due to the European Rojas requirements that you know we were dealing with last year. So much of that is behind us and that's why I believe that we're in a much better position in 2017 than we were in ‘15. There is a focus in ‘17 now on go to market and on marketing just make sure that we complement what we believe is that is strength in our product with the necessary engine to sell.
Rami Rahim: Just let me start with the cloud question and then Ken you can talk about the seasonality of revenue. So just on the cloud discussions we're having certainly there is a lot of sort of interesting discussion in the industry around margin but honestly when we're talking about our routing portfolio, our switching portfolio with our cloud customers, the conversation is mostly around things like price performance, total performance, manageability, automation all of these things depend not just on the silicon choices but also on the software stack that’s on top of the silicon. And as I have said I believe that we have no religion when it comes to choosing certain technology elements other than choosing the best element that will result in the best product all up and thus far we have made all the right decisions and some cases we've chosen merchant in other cases we have chosen cost and silicon will continue to make the right decisions going forward. In terms of impact on pricing, I would say that pricing compression is a fact of life for our industry and have been so for many years to come whether it's based on custom silicon or merchant silicon especially with the introduction of new port speeds, what the expectation is in the at least early stages of that introduction the price compression is going to be fairly rapid. And where we see that trend and we're comfortable with it and will continue to focus on the cost of our products that allow us to compete competitively while preserving our overall profitability.
Rami Rahim: Thank you. Pierre let me comment on the regional split so clearly I think you for the strength. It was primarily in the Americas and you know it's primarily in the cloud vertical You know the thing that the Americas has going for it is the fact that you know this country has the largest cloud provider customers in the world. So our diversification strategy plays out much easier here in the U.S. then it would in India as we have seen as we have been saying is more challenging competitively and our opportunity to diversify is there across which in but not to the extent that it exists here in the Americas again because of the absence of large hyperscale or cloud providers in that region and Asia Pacific. As you know we've had actually really good momentum over the last several quarters some decline in Q4 a lot of that has to do with a difficult compare quite honestly relative to Q4 of last year with a large telco that had to spend in end of two thousand and fifteen timeframe but I think a fact our penetration in many accounts is so small that we have a really good opportunity to increase our share and continue that momentum going forward. So most I'm most bush but the Americas because of the opportunity for us to diversify and the opportunity for us to tap into the cloud vertical I said I remain bullish on APAC in our property need to take share and to leverage partnerships like the one we have with Lenovo to gain some momentum. And EMEA know I'm big cautious on quite frankly just based on the comment that we've already made around the competitiveness of that theater.
Rami Rahim: Thanks Marc let me start with the second question. Where Juniper does best is typically in high performance networking opportunities that is true in the white area that is true inside of the data center where our customers truly value our capabilities that they're around you know robust high quality and ultra-scalable networks and hundred gig plays very much into that where I think if you were to take a look at our market share reports in switching for example where we're growing the fastest and taking the greatest market share is in the forty gig and hundred gig inflection point that's happening in the data center and in other switching opportunities so it's a big factor.
Rami Rahim: Thanks. Yes thanks Justin. I think in it's a pretty broad spectrum to be honest there are larger customers that are now spending that always in fact spends more on very large cloud billouts that have been true for the QFX top of rack that had been in the market for quite some time. I think that will remain true for the 10-Ks as well. And then we do have a commercial motion to where our partners are positioning are switching products across the broader spectrum of smaller you know opportunities telco cloud is another area that's still relatively early and smaller in size in terms of total opportunity but it is in fact a growing opportunity that we're capturing especially with our relevance that we created with contrail but we're seeing a contrail is resulting in a nice pull in hardware and in particular edge routing and switching like the QFX products.
Rami Rahim: The primary difference would be I think you might be missing would be the deferred revenue balance. So, product book to bill is an important, we do track it internally. However, on the revenue side clearly, the deferred revenue growth would impact our ability to recognize revenue. So you have to factor that into the equation. So the deferred revenue growth would be the primary difference. There are other kind of accounting adjustments and reserves that have a minor impact to the book to bill ratio, but for the most part, it’s deferred revenue that causes I believe the disconnect that you're talking about.
Rami Rahim: Yes. The thing that we're keeping a very close eye on as all of our peers are in the optics space, the 100-gig optic space. There are certain parts of 100-gig optics that are constrained. Right now, we don't expect that to cause any challenge, unless something changes, but let's just say that we're managing it very closely and we're working very closely with our optical vendors to make sure that we have the supply necessary to satisfy our expected demand for next year.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. So there's no doubt that there is a lot of interest by many of our peers, our competitors in this industry to see success in routing and switching with the large hyperscaler customers. But that said, we have been working extremely closely, engineer-to-engineer type of relationship level with all of the cloud provider customers and have a deep and intense understanding of what it is that they require, that they need, many of the products that are seeing great success today like our PTX product line where built with a keen understanding of their requirements. So while, yes, the landscape is competitive and it'll probably get even more competitive, I would say that I have confidence in our ability to compete from a technology standpoint and in just sheer understanding of what these guys actually need going forward. The last thing I want to mention is, we enjoy a really great position in this space. So yeah, we have to play a bit of a defensive game to prevent others from encroaching into our space, but we're also playing a very offensive game when it comes to the data center opportunity. And based on the results that you saw in Q4, I think you can conclude that we’re actually starting to become very successful there.
Rami Rahim: I think actually the FY16 quarterly sequentials were pretty good benchmark for us going forward. I think, you’ll see sequential growth throughout the year in revenue and operating margin as we go throughout the year.
Rami Rahim: From a growth rate sequential basis, I’m not going to comment specifically on the mix of revenue, but I do expect sequential revenue growth.
Ken Miller: On the deferred revenue front, on the services side, the majority of our service revenue is maintenance and support and typically we sell those at one-year renewals. However, some customers do buy multi-year renewals, two, three or four year renewals and on a balance sheet you actually we break out the long term portion of deferred revenue and if it's due within 12 months typically radically over 12 months it will be in the short-term deferred, if it's beyond 12 months, it shall be long-term deferred. Another growing piece of our services business is professional services side and that's something that's obviously very strategic to us and oftentimes does get deferred initially until we deliver the services we mentioned in Q4 we recognized 15 million of professional services related to a telecom cloud build out with Contrail. So that's - the minority of our services deferred revenue but that is a growing piece as well.
Ken Miller: From a gross margin perspective, I mean, obviously there's many factors that impact gross margin, there is microenvironment, competitive landscape, product mix, customer mix et cerebra. We did hit slightly higher than the mid-point of our range in Q4 of 63.2% of gross margin and I do expect 63% to be kind of the expectation for the near term. I mentioned that on the last 90 days ago on the previous call. I do think 63% is a reasonable near term assumption on gross margin. For Q1 though, we did guided 62.5% and that is very much due to the volume of revenue and we do have seasonal pattern revenue from Q4 to Q1 and we also have a seasonal pattern of gross margin just due to volume mix.
Ken Miller: Yes Simona, so you got the numbers right so we were 19%, the cloud vertical was 19% of our revenue in 2015 and it did grow actually slightly greater than 25% from a full year basis this year and I'm sure you've done the math correctly after that.
Ken Miller: So we’ll continue to manage OpEx prudently, I think we've done a pretty good job of it over the last few quarters and we’ll continue that going into next year. We are looking to grow - to expand that margin on a full-year basis and that's where we're focused on making sure that we manage OpEx to create that earnings growth as well as to invest in what we invest in. So it really comes down to optimizing our structure, making sure we’re efficient as possible and improving our productivity as we move forward.
Ken Miller: Yeah. And the revenue growth obviously will be more seasonal and sequential and OpEx will not have a similar ramp is traditionally is the case and [indiscernible] throughout the year.
Ken Miller: And from an operating margin target perspective we've been in the 23.5% to 24% last couple years. So we're within a point or two of our long term model we're going to continue to focus on do that. I do think we have some efficiencies left in the business where we could optimize our cost structure and still grow revenues. So really revenue growth is the focus and maintaining a prudent cost structure as we get there is how we get to 25%.
Ken Miller: Yeah. And from an EPS perspective on the guidance, it really starts when EPS falls out from the P&L, let me briefly touch on revenue gross margin OpEx. So from a revenue guidance perspective as you all know Q1 is typically seasonally down quarter for us sequentially as customers who complete their CapEx spending in Q4 and in certain cases take time to finalize their new spending plans for the new year and we're seeing that now. As a reminder of revenue we did realize the benefit of $15 million of professional service related to Contrail developed rollout on Telco cloud and that's something that tends to be lumpy in Q4 benefited from that that's also we get baked out into your sequentials but there are many factors to go into revenue guidance such as dual visibility, backlog levels, differed revenue balances and based on the factors I believe that in Q1 revenue guidance is appropriate at this time as we look to manage the business from Q1 and beyond. From a gross margin perspective, I still feel that 63% is the right near term target to be putting in your models but for Q1 due to the revenue volume declines sequentially we do typically see a gross margin impact about 510s so that's what baked out into our gross margin guidance. And then from an OpEx perspective the operating guidance does include the annual reset of variable compensation as well as from seasonal increases in fringe costs which is typical for us as we go from Q4 to Q1. So really those are the factors that generate the EPS guidance that we put out there.
Ken Miller: On the Q1 revenue guidance, we did put an outlook out there that we expect growth in 2017. There's a lot that goes into the guidance as you know, dual visibility, backlog levels and deferred revenue and we factored all those factors, we think the guidance is appropriate. I wouldn’t call it cautious, I would call it appropriate guidance given the factors that we have, the indication we have as well the fact as I mentioned we are looking to manage the business beyond one quarter at a time and make sure that we manage appropriately going forward.
Ken Miller: From a DSO perspective we did increase the range of the target range by five days when we looked at our payment term structure today and our customer class and the mix of our customers. It was a few days you know less than five in a few days on average on a payment term clearly depending on when you ship we have customers but there is a payment terms forty five sixty exciter or so really it comes with a mix of timing as well as payment terms which has an impact of DSO and based on our analysis we feel fifty to sixty is a better range going forward and it really has nothing to do with our credit quality we have not changed our quota quality we have not gotten more aggressive on the way we find credit to customers. It's really just the next issue and a timing issue.
Ken Miller: I would just say I mean we do you expect to grow into the 2017 we put that in or how that for 2017 and we are not going to breakout product versus service but I would we expect to grow in both product and service in 2017 for many reasons to reasons that Rami just outlined.
Ken Miller: Yes. So sales related variable comp should come down sequentially quarter on quarter. However, the two items that offset that and actually have us grown by $1 million in our guidance which I believe is appropriate guidance is really the fringe reset. So we do have a declining fringe rate throughout the year and things like FICA tax, et cetera, decline over the year. So we have a reset in Q1 every year on fringe and we also have the other variable cost components of the corporate programs that reset at 100%. So we did see some stableness in last year’s OpEx because variable comp was less than target due to our financial performance. That has to reset to 100% in Q1. So those are the two reasons why 515 plus or minus 5 is our OpEx forecast for Q1.
