Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ittai. I'll address both of your questions, and maybe Ken will add some additional color on the macro question. The short answer to the switching question is that, no, actually data center momentum has been quite strong for us. So why is it that we saw 5% reduction or year-over-year decline in revenue for switching, it's entirely or the vast majority of it is due to the dynamics around large hyperscaler deployment of our switching technology in wide area use cases. If you look at our switching performance in the data center for both enterprise and service provider, it's actually up and up meaningfully. So we're actually quite encouraged with the products, the technology that we're offering as well as the momentum we're seeing in the market. And I think our focus on solutions for the data center in both the telco and the enterprise is actually paying off for us. On macro, certainly we're not immune to major disruptions, second wave issues and so forth. But thus far we have been quite encouraged with the momentum, the order strength we're seeing in all of our verticals business, particular in service provider and the enterprise in the Q3 timeframe. I think at this point our visibility is good enough to say that in the service provider space we can see mid single-digit declines all up for the year, which is actually meaningfully better than last year. In the enterprise expect to see growth for the full year now based on the momentum and the visibility that we have, and cloud provider, flat to low single growth is actually very much realistic, again, considering the momentum today as well as our outlook for the rest of the year. And Ken will add.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Rod. So both questions are actually pertaining to our automated WAN solutions use cases that we're addressing. In the ACX specifically, this is a product that addresses our metro end-to-end use cases. We're still in the early stages of completing that solution. And what we have is the initial ACX product or modern product that we just introduced into the market, the ACX710; that actually has very encouraging early momentum. That coupled with some of our MX portfolio, some of our older ACX product line, and very importantly here is the solution that we're gluing together with end-to-end automation through some of our organic efforts, smart partnerships and then very recently our acquisition of Netrounds, which is an end-to-end assurance solution for our service provider customers in particular. I think that's starting to come together and we're starting to see early momentum, but it's still early days. And I expect that by the time we get into next year, probably second half next year, we'll have enough of the solution that we should see a bit more momentum. On your question around MPC, it took us quite some time to get the MPC products that we had introduced into the market now a while back. These are line cards for the MX product line complete in terms of the features required for use cases that the majority of our service provider customers were interested in. That's mostly behind us at this point. Then there's a certification cycle. Now we are actually starting to see some decent revenue ramp still early, but I expect that to continue to benefit us in the future. And in fact, some of the optimism we have about further stabilization in the service provider business is a result of the fact that we have these newer products that we're now selling to our customers.
Rami Rahim: All I will say at this point is that it's still fairly low as a percentage of total MX business, whether it's orders or revenues, still very low.
Rami Rahim: And just to answer your question, Paul, about the competitive dynamics. I mean, we obviously have always been in a very competitive environment, competitive landscape. I like to think about our competitive differentiation from a use case standpoint. So if you look at the AI driven enterprise, where Mist is this overarching cloud solution that delivers manageability and assurance to enterprises, I really am very pleased with our win rate. The fact that we have a solution that is highly differentiated, that's resonating with many of our customers. And especially in a macro environment that is more challenging, in the enterprise space, having this kind of differentiation is essentially what is resulting in the momentum that we're seeing in the enterprise with double-digit order growth on a year-over-year basis. And second to solutions, automated WAN solutions in particular, which is around service providers, cloud providers. I really think that we have a compelling portfolio of products, especially for the 400 gig space with our network operating system capabilities with Junos Evolved, and an automation framework that includes things like HealthBot and NorthStar SDN controller, and now Netrounds, that's really coming together nicely. Metro, that's going to fill out in time. I just answered that question as that's an area where there are going to be some certain select opportunities that we can compete based on the completeness of our portfolio today. But I feel confident with the investments that we're making now that it's going to become a much easier opportunity for us to capture in time as we build out that portfolio. Cloud-ready data center momentum there is really strong again, based on the merits of our merchant and custom silicon based products, as well as the automation solutions that we offer our customers today that actually will even get stronger in time. But I feel very good all up about the technology that we're offering, the customer engagement that we have across all of our segments.
Rami Rahim: No, that's not what we are seeing. It's really just timing of deployments across a few of our large cloud provider customers. And if I look more broadly at our cloud segment into Tier 2, Tier 3 cloud, actually the momentum there is quite solid.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Tim. I'll address both. So on the 400 gig side, I have confidence in the technology, and there's a lot of new technology that we've introduced into the market here. If you consider new silicon, that's 400 gig capable; new systems that are optimized for 400 gig and a vastly enhanced operating system that we call Junos Evolved. So that momentum that we're seeing is mostly been in the wide area, but we are starting to see some success in the data center. And the thing that I liked the most about this is that it gives us an opportunity to prove out the competitiveness of our product portfolio. And all of these wins involve some level of competition. It hardens our new technology stack and ensures that we're ready for more and more customers as the opportunity expands. Timing wise, I think, meaningful revenue will be next year sometime and in particular in the second half of the year. And then on the security front, our business is very tightly aligned to our high-end portfolio. That's where we have a real – a pretty high level of differentiation relative to peers in the industry. And that's tied to cloud provider and service provider purchases. In the service provider space, many of the security deployments are for 5G networks or networks that are gearing up for 5G traffic. So it just so happened at Q3 after a couple of actually solid quarters, Q3 was a little bit weaker because of the timing of some of these deployments. If I look at the pipeline, in particular, in the high-end, it looks very solid. So I'm actually not too concerned about the performance in Q3.
Rami Rahim: I think longer term there is a path to growth, but we're not talking about 2021 at this point. The thing that gives us confidence in our ability to further stabilize this segment, which would of course be improvement to this year, and this year is actually significant improvement to what we saw last year is execution. And in particular, it's the diversification in how we're approaching this market segment. Diversification from a technology standpoint where it's not just about selling routing into the wide area, it's also about selling switching for telco cloud data centers, as well as security for 5G deployment, and then its diversification from a customer NGO standpoint. So we took some bets with our account coverage, our sales transformation that we took a couple of years ago that are starting to pay off with international momentum in the telco space with accounts that traditionally have not bought much from Juniper, if anything at all. And we're starting to see some really encouraging momentum in verticals like the cable segment, both here, especially here in North America, but also to some extent internationally. So that is a matter of strategy, it's a matter of execution that gives us the confidence in the outlook.
Rami Rahim: Yes. The only thing I will add here is just keep in mind our position among service provider is internationally. We are obviously deployed in many service provider networks across a variety of use cases and where we are deployed, typically there are empty slots in systems that are ready for upgrades when there are capacity requirements and we're constantly innovating and introducing new line cards like the latest MPC line cards for vMX that offer our customers a very easy inexpensive upgrade path to meet those capacity requirements and that certainly is something that's benefiting us today.
Rami Rahim: Absolutely. So if you look across LAN, Wireless LAN and let's include WAN as well, Enterprise WAN or SD-WAN, that's a $20 billion market opportunity, and we're actually not interested in that full opportunity. The part of that opportunity that we're interested in is the fastest growing part, which is the cloud-delivered, AI-driven opportunity. That's what our AI-driven enterprise solution is all about, where we want to offer the industry’s best clients to cloud solution that includes everything from the end user, irrespective of whether they're in the office or at home or wherever through their wireless WAN, LAN and through the WAN to their favorite cloud. That focus – that hyperfocus and the investments that we've made on that client to cloud solution is what is paying off for us right now with a very high degree of differentiation. Our objectives in a nutshell is growth is faster than market and that's exactly what we have seen – what we've been seeing for the last several quarters. In terms of longer-term aspirations, I would just say maybe this will be a little bit of a teaser. We'll do an analyst event in the first half of next year, and we can provide you with additional color on longer-term aspirations, but let's just say, if it doesn't come across clearly on this call, I'm very excited about this opportunity as well as our ability to take share.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so I'll take that. We obviously have a lot of respect for AT&T they remain a great partner and customer of ours, having said that I'll talk about disaggregation and white box more broadly. And my perspective here largely has not changed all that much. I’d look at the architectural side, the technology side of disaggregation and Juniper has actually already invested quite heavily in disaggregating our operating system, because it gives us a tremendous amount of benefit. It gives us flexibility, it gives us the ability to reap the benefits of having merchant silicon offerings and custom silicon offerings, and even offering our routing protocols DAX and so forth on x86. That is actually something that we've done because it benefits us. We've also taken the step of offering some parts of our products especially in the switching area in a disaggregated forum where customers can procure our network operating system independently of hardware and quite frankly, the general interests has been weak. So I think the vast majority of our customers are looking for integrated solutions. They want the openness and that flexibility between software and different hardware types, which we can absolutely offer. They want to procure services for the entire stack of technology that includes software and hardware. And if things were to change and more customers start to ask for some sort of disaggregation as a procurement model, it will be ready, because we made the investment. The only other thing I will say is, we have disaggregated components of our OS, our operating system like our routing protocol stack. And we call this for example, cRPD, containerized routing protocol daemon and we've offered it as a separate entity on our price list. And on that kind of disaggregation, we're actually seeing some very robust interests and the deployment models here are all over the place. You can put them in servers, you can put them on white box which is, but all of this is a net new opportunity for us. I don't see this as being cannibalistic in any way. They tend to be very different use cases than the kind of use cases that we serve today.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So in terms of the number of wins, I actually don't have that number right now. We can look to provide you that number in future quarters or at the analyst events in the first half of next year, but it's growing. And in many cases it's either growing with native 400-gig ports that are being deployed today based on the availability of optics or customers are buying 400-gig ready products using breakout cables and things of that nature to get 100-gig connectivity today, but with anticipation that they will eventually deploy 400-gig with the right optics. So I'm honestly quite pleased with the rate of growth this early in the game, across both SPs and cloud providers in this space. And as far as timing, I do think COVID has impacted the timing of 400-gig deployments in particular in the cloud provider space, but to some extent in the service provider space as well, but I don't think it's all that significant. I mean, I still think the ramp is going to be next year, I just think that the meaningful ramp will be more in the second half of the year.
Rami Rahim: Yes, absolutely. So obviously given our position with telco this is a very interesting dynamic for us and one that we track and one that we're investing in. And what it means specifically for Juniper is three different things. One I've mentioned already, which is around security. Our high-end security portfolio provides our customers with that perfect cocktail, if you will of performance and efficacy. That is really unique in the industry today and has resulted in a number of worldwide service provider win where service providers are deploying the technology to protect users, infrastructure and data in anticipation of 5G deployments. Second is about transport. I mean, there's no doubt that if you're going to have Faster RAN, Faster Radio Access Network, that's going to result in more bits that needs to be carried in fiber optic networks and that's where we come to play. Today, it's largely around core and edge. And as I mentioned earlier, increasingly it's about metro with the portfolio that we're starting to introduce into the market. And the third element of 5G that's very important to us is the data center, because 5G is inherently going to be a cloud native deployment model, especially with O-RAN and D-RAN deployments that are picking up steam in the industry. Those require highly distributed, highly automated data centers. And that's something where we've already seen some strong momentum in with the combination of our hardware portfolio, but then also our software-defined networking portfolio and Contrail that stitches the solution nicely for our customers.
Rami Rahim: Yes, let me address the first question and then I'll let Ken address the second one. On the cloud, it is entirely dependent on the deployments of large hyperscale cloud providers. I mean, keep in mind that we have a unique position among cloud providers with the footprint that we have and we preserved. And if you recall, if you've been tracking us for long enough, a couple of years back, we went through a fairly difficult product transition that's now behind us. And the whole idea there was to retain that footprint so that we can benefit from deployments that are happening. And we saw some of that in the first half of this year, but cloud has always been a highly lumpy type of vertical because of the concentrated nature of the customer base and CapEx expenditures within that customer base. So I remain optimistic about cloud as a vertical that we focus on long-term, but we're doing everything we can and the rest is really up to our customers and their deployment patterns.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So there's really two drivers. One would be the COVID related costs that we talked about a lot on the last call. So clearly there are some year-on-year comp differences. Our margin would have been up a full point in the Juniper aggregate level, on the product side only it would have been closer to a 0.5 increase if it weren't for some of these COVID elevated costs. It's still is down year-on-year, even if you adjust for that on the product only side and that is a factor of mix. And it's to your point it's not as simple as just looking routing versus switching or service provider versus enterprise. You really have to get down a level into what's happening in a mix. One example I'll mention is software, right. So the software mix is clearly down year-on-year, we've talked about that and that's hurting margins a bit on a year-to-year basis. There's also just different product mix, different customer mix, different deal mix this all factors into our gross margin results. We're pleased with our performance this year. We expect to grow margin with volume going forward. We expect software mix to become a bigger contributor in next year, which will also help gross margin expand on a year-over-year basis and we'll continue to focus on value engineering efforts. So we feel confident about where we are and where we're headed with gross margin.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I'd be happy to address that. Definitely, we've made some investments, both in go to market in sales in particular, but then also in the product portfolio. I talked a lot about the differentiation in the AI-driven enterprise around campus and branch, and the wide area, but I also just emphasize that our innovation is strong in the data center as well and we've seen some real great momentum in the data center across not just the enterprise, but also with telcos. They're all deploying lots of data centers in a distributed fashion to get ready for 5G deployments to offer different types of virtualized services. Both go to market and portfolio strength is the primary driver for our enterprise momentum.
Ken Miller: Yes. I mean, I would just add, to 2021, obviously there's a fair amount of uncertainty. But our current working assumption is we're presuming no further economic deterioration and the macro environment remains roughly the same in 2021 as it did in 2020. So we're not presuming it gets materially worse nor materially better throughout 2021. That's really our base case assumption right now.
Ken Miller: Yes. So I'll touch on the pricing part and pass to Rami for the competitive aspect. But on the pricing front, we're not seeing a material change, Paul. I mean, as you know, the pricing has always been competitive in this industry. You do see price erosion on a per bit basis, year-to-year, and we're not seeing anything unusual in the pricing curve going forward. So really nothing to note from a chain perspective on the pricing front this quarter nor in our future plans.
Ken Miller: Yes. So we're very pleased with the Q3 results from a revenue perspective and from a booking perspective. We did see significant bookings growth in Q3 in enterprise. We also saw modest bookings growth in service provider in Q3 as well. There is some of the revenue, particularly some of the service provider revenue in Q3. I would say it did benefit from the strength in first half bookings. The supply constraint still remains elevated on particularly our service provider products; actually our MX and our PTX products are where we're still seeing the most significant supply constraints. We do expect those to moderate here as we close out the year. The rest of our portfolio was largely back on track to normal lead time. So if you look at the quarter result in Q3, from a service provider perspective, revenue growth – the large sequential increase, there was some benefit from first half bookings, but I would note that even Q3 standalone service provider bookings were up on a year-over-year basis. So we're seeing pretty broad based momentum. I wouldn't over rotate on the first half’s results of bookings being the reason why we had a strong Q3.
Ken Miller: Yes. At this point, we don't have anything specific to talk about on 2021 as it relates to capital return program, other than we will remain consistent with past practices. We will return greater than 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. We’ll remain opportunistic. We don't have an implied large buyback baked into our current P&L outlook.
Ken Miller: Yes, sure. So while there still are some uncertainties out there, we do believe based on the momentum we have and the investments we're making, that we will return to organic growth next year on a full year basis. We're comfortable with current street estimates, looking for low single-digit organic growth in 2021. From a vertical perspective, we expect enterprise and cloud to be growth drivers for us, and we expect further stabilization within service provider, and it news all kind of organic statements. Clearly, the pending acquisition of 128 Technology as we mentioned last week should add nearly a point to revenue growth on a full year basis in 2021. And we expect those trends likely to be stronger in the second half of 2021, if that's still a very much a ramping growth business.
Ken Miller: The only thing I would add is that diversification strategy that Rami mentioned from a service provider perspective, it absolutely applies in our other verticals as well, but we're seeing significant diversification in our Cloud business both, Tier 2, different logos on the hyperscalers and more use cases as well as obviously Enterprise is a very diverse vertical for us going forward. So I think universe diversification has absolutely been paying dividends for us here over the last few years.
Ken Miller: Yes, so I would say the majority is as Rami mentioned is execution related. It's our ability to diversify away from certain Tier 1s into broader Tier 2 internationally as well as other verticals like cable. So I really believe execution is the primary driver of our success within service provider. There was a little bit of catch-up if you recall, Q1 we did miss expectations due to supply constraints that hit us late in the quarter. I think that was about $20 million to $30 million of kind of miss in Q1 that has probably been spread back into the Q2 and Q3 results. At this point, I feel pretty good that our supply constrain while still elevated, it is we're not losing ground nor we are necessarily gaining much. It's relatively consistent, particularly on the service provider vertical.
Ken Miller: Yes, it's absolutely about share gains. I mean, we're expecting the macro economy to be largely the same as I mentioned earlier, it's highly uncertain. However, we feel about the momentum we have and our presumption that the economy remains roughly the same. We don't see further deterioration. We expect to see organic growth. I believe many of our competitors are not going to see organic growth. So I expect us to take, share like we have been this year, I expect us to continue to take share next year that's our current working assumption.
Ken Miller: And on the EPS front, the commentary provided for 2021 where we expect non-GAAP EPS to grow slightly faster than revenue that does include 128 Technology, which we mentioned is about $0.05 diluted, that's our expectation that includes that dilution from 128 Technologies.
