Rami Rahim: Yeah, thanks for the question. What I’m seeing within the cloud vertical is strength and momentum in ordering and in just our ability to compete and win that new opportunity. I think that strength is broad based. We’re capitalizing on existing footprint that we have in both our tier one as well as our cloud major space. Most of that footprint, as you know, in hyperscale, is in routing, but beyond that, it’s in both routing and switching. So while we have footprint, I think the fact that this customer class continues to invest is something that bodes very well for our business and continues to do so.  But then the other thing that’s really notable that I think we’ve provided several updates on key wins that we’ve had of net new footprint in the cloud provider space and there’s one notable one that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. This is a top 10 cloud provider. We were already a routing supplier for this customer and then we had an opportunity in essentially one net new datacenter footprint that’s quite meaningful, from an order standpoint thus far, but eventually it will become a revenue standpoint. And I think we won based on the strength of our engagement in routing that essentially translated to an opportunity in switching. We won based on the strength of our sales engagement, and also our ability to provide equipment in a timely manner, which was very important for this project as well. So it’s a combination of real good solid industry tailwinds coupled with excellent execution of our sales and engineering team. 
Rami Rahim: Absolutely. And if you go back, if you’re looking at on a trend basis, the biggest impact to product gross margin by far are going to be these kind of COVID-related supply constrained related costs that we’ve been talking about for a while. And even in Q1, the most recent quarter here, we posted 57.5% gross margin, it would have been approximately 250 basis points higher, nearly 60% if not for some of these costs that we do believe will be transitory. But if you compare it to the guidance, I mean, obviously, we knew about much of that cost, so we set our guide at 58% and we came in at 57.5%. That is a systems mix or kind of a hardware mix issue.  And in particular, MX was down a bit and this was from a shipping perspective, obviously, it has to do with our ability to procure the components and ship the product. We don’t have the demand issue with MX, it was actually very strong and we’re building a lot of backlog. But from what we shipped in Q1, we shipped a little bit less MX than we anticipated and we shipped a little bit more missed access points, which at the time of shipment carries a relatively low margin compared to the rest of our portfolio but obviously, as we sell more software and we recognize that software, which happens over time, it is margin positive over the long run. But in Q1 specifically, a little less MX than we expected to ship and a little more access points, not really the primary driver in the 50 basis points miss from our guidance.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, it’s difficult to predict in any given 90 days what we’re going to shoot more of or less of, it’s even difficult to predict beyond that. I mean, I would say from several quarters now, we’re seeing is kind of a series of continuous disruptions, whether it’s COVID related shutdowns or material shortages, logistics bottlenecks, even the war in Ukraine, and we’ve even had some system outages with some of our suppliers and partners. We continue to navigate through these disruptions to the best of our ability.  At this point in time, I think it’s prudent to presume we’ll have more unpredictable disruptions for the next couple quarters. I have to admit, I was a little more bullish on potentially seeing improvements in the second half of ‘22 at the beginning of the year than I am now. I now don’t anticipate significant improvements throughout the entire year and I do think we’ll see improvements in 2023. I still feel we’ll get the supply necessary, obviously, to get to our revenue goals of 7% to 9% this year, and that will be up year-on-year. We will grow revenue faster this year than last year as an example, so supply will be more plentiful and absolute, but it’ll still be very constrained as compared to what our demand signals are and our ability to ship even more.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, it was 1.8. We did grow it greater than 300 million this last quarter. It’s hard to predict, Rod, with any certainty where we are going to land. But I will tell you this, it will be significantly elevated, whether it is 1.8 or 2.1 somewhere in that order of magnitude would be my expectation as we exit the year. So if supply does not get better later this year, obviously that will result in even more opportunity in 2023 and beyond, as we exited the year with significantly elevated backlog. 
Rami Rahim: Yeah, I would day the duration is similar to what we saw last quarter. Just to clarify, I mean, customers are largely looking for the product sooner than we’re able to supply. So that kind of 12 month horizon is unfortunately a -- because of the supply constraints we’re seeing and the lead times that we’re dealing with, customers are actually interested in getting product sooner than we’re able to deliver.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, Aaron, that’s a good question. So we have been reluctant to call a hyperscale data center win because there are very few number of hyperscale customers that are -- that use OEMs for their data centers. So let’s just say there are very few at that, which we are completely continuing to compete for, but at this point in time, we’re just not announcing any. That said, we’ve all along said that the opportunity beyond hyperscale is large with many at that. And we absolutely saw that is a strategic opportunity for us to go in to compete for, to take more than our fair share, and we’re doing just that.  So this net new is a perfect example of a non-hyperscale, top 10, very meaningful in terms of orders and revenue, where we competed on the strength of our switching technology, the engagement that we already have with the customer in the routing side that we were able to translate into the switching side, the ability for us to do when necessary achieve pretty difficult tasks of getting the supplies, when it was in fact required and requested by the customer. So, all of the above led to a sizeable win. And I want to be clear that we continue to see a large net new opportunities before us, both in hyperscale and in cloud majors beyond hyperscale, in routing, and in switching that we’re competing for, and I feel very good about our opportunity to win more of these types of really lucrative deals just based on all of what I’ve mentioned.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, we have taken a couple actions, pretty significant actions last year. It will take some time for that flow into the model, given the strength of our backlog, but we do expect to see some benefit of last year’s actions in the second half of this year. So we’ll start to realize some of that here in a few quarters. As far as future actions, we are always looking at opportunities that we think makes sense for us to take advantage of nothing to announce on this call, but you could count on us continuing to look at all options and making pricing decisions that we think make the best sense for Juniper moving forward. And we haven’t quantified the previous actions but really our intent here is to offset some of the gross profit dollars that we are going -- that we were losing due to the cost increases that we’re seeing. There is a timing lag here where we’re seeing the cost increases hit much sooner, and some of these pricing actions are going to take a few quarters to materialize.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, no, it’s a great question. I mean, headcount is up and we talked about this year OpEx, we expect to be up as well, on a full year basis compared to last year. We do absolutely expect to remain very prominent in our OpEx spending and we absolutely expect to outpace -- revenue to outpace OpEx this year, which is why we feel confident we could expand our operating margin, and we continue to target 100 basis points improvement in operating margin. From a headcount perspective and where are we investing in general, the majority of it is go to market, the majority of it is in the enterprise space, where we believe we have an opportunity to really take advantage of the portfolio differentiation that we have, and we want to make sure that we’re thinking beyond this current quarter and next quarter and thinking for the next several years to make sure we take advantage of the opportunity that we see in the marketplace. These do take -- when you hire sales, folks, obviously, there is a learning curve and a productivity ramp and we’ve modeled a lot of it in and we feel very good that we could continue to outpace the market in enterprise like we have been and continuing to invest everything who does give us years of revenue momentum to come. 
Rami Rahim: Yeah, so we’re not prepared to provide you know, specifics on 2023. I will say this, last year, we did 6.5% revenue growth on a full year basis, this year we’re expecting 7% to 9% growth on a full year basis and we are expecting to exit the year with significantly elevated backlog, so that does give us a lot of confidence in 2023. We’ve been outperforming the model and I think there’s really no reason to believe we won’t just continue to outperform in 2023, especially if supply chain starts to normalize because we do have the backlog built up and the opportunity to turn into revenue, I think will be with us for not just 2023, but quite honestly, a few years to come.
Rami Rahim: Yes, it’s a good question. I do think we have done a really good job of managing what is a difficult supply situation, but I don’t think that’s the primary factor. I think the primary factor is a number of things. One is healthy demand dynamics in the market, really strong product differentiation, solution differentiation, in the use cases that we are maniacally focused on and have been focused on for the last several years, and then solid execution. I mean, take, for example, our AI driven enterprise business grew 33% year-over-year in terms of revenue, and also exceptional order growth. That’s driven by what is as a market leading, very differentiated. No longer just Wi-Fi, it’s really an enterprise architecture that’s cloud delivered AI-driven solution based on the Mist acquisition, but expanded to include EX switching and SD-WAN, it really is the best solution in the market.  I can also say the same thing about our data center now, with the combination of Apstra for automation, and our Underlay switching technology. The differentiation is solid. It addresses the key pain point for our customers and it’s working. And an even an Automated wAN, where we have these new product introductions in the MX with brand new silicon technology, so we’re essentially starting just now a new product cycle associated with the MX and PTX continuing to perform I think the strength of that solution is helping us out tremendously in winning net new opportunities in the market.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, so I’ll take the question. We’re very excited about the win and the opportunity, it absolutely has been meaningful to our orders strength, and it will soon be meaningful to our revenue results going forward from a size of customer perspective. That said, Jim, honestly, our revenue guide of 7% to 9% is more based on supply than anything else and our supply picture has not changed. If anything, I would say, my optimism that might get better in the second half is probably a little lessons today than it was 90 days ago. So it’s really a matter of who gets the supply, not so much if we have incremental customers and incremental demand, can we upside our revenue, because the supply is kind of fixed at what it is. But this customer has the potential to be a very meaningful customer for us, I would say, yes, a top 10 customer for us in certain quarters, depending on when products ship.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, so when it comes to kind of chips versus general components, I really -- the answer is it, unfortunately, it’s a bit of a whack a mole game. I mean, it really does kind of go back and forth a bit depending on the situation, depending on the quarter. Right now, I would say we’re constrained pretty much across the board, I would say relatively equally between some of our higher end ASICs, and some of those lower end transistors, if you will. We are scouring the market and like everybody to try to procure as many parts as we can across a broad spectrum of components. It’s -- yes, we were able to ship more in Q4, but kind of a higher end rounding portfolio as compared to say, Q1 and our Q1 expectations, but that’s really just a -- it’s just a timing of shipments thing. I don’t think there’s been a material change. I mean, we’ve been -- we would have liked to ship more in Q4 than we did, right. I would still argue we were short supply in Q4. We were perhaps a little bit more short in Q1 but the shortages are persistent. And it’s just really a matter of what we can build when we could ship and that’s going to kind of fluctuate quarter to quarter.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, it’s a good question. I’m actually glad you asked. So I think first, it’s important to understand that the way we look at our security business, primarily is that it’s an attach business, to our strategic solutions, in particular, our AI driven enterprise, and our cloud ready data center solutions. And it’s already absolutely helping and contributing to the success and growth of those particular businesses. Also, security has a strong software attached, that’s good for gross margins, it’s a profitable business, there is an element of our security business, that’s high end, that sells to a relatively fewer number of cloud and SP accounts and that just tends to be cyclical. It really depends on the purchasing and deployment patterns of these large accounts that tend to buy sort of in bulk orders every now and then that makes the security business just somewhat lumpy. So based on the fact that we continue to see strength in our solutions that competitive -- the attach of security, I think, bodes well for us in the future and why I remain confident about this business.
Rami Rahim: Thanks very much. I just want to say that I continue to be very encouraged by the strong momentum we’re seeing in our business. I believe that our end markets are performing well. They’re healthy. I think they’re even recovering in areas that were in fact affected by the pandemic. I love the diversity of the strength that we’re seeing across solution areas, across vertical market segments. And I believe that the demand strength we’re seeing as well as the execution sets us up well to do very well relative to our long-term outlook that we’ve already provided. So I want to thank everyone for the opportunity and the time today.
Ken Miller: Rami, I would just reiterate, I think for all of our verticals, including service provider, and all of our customer solutions, including CRBC, we haven’t given specific FY22 revenue guidance but I do believe all verticals, all customer solutions could be at or better than the long-term model that we put out there. In any given quarter, you’re going to see a little bit of anomalies, which is really going to be shipment based or supply chain based and you mentioned a couple of you saw last quarter and this last Q4 and that will continue. But for the long run weeks, we feel very good about all verticals, all customer solutions.
Ken Miller: And just to add, Jim, I’m excited. Cloud-ready data center grew 20% year-over-year. I don’t think that the market is growing that fast at this point in time. And I’m excited not just by this specific win but what this win, in addition to the ones prior to this one that we’ve also talked about, means for us in our ability to win even more going forward. We’re now competing with new technology that’s in the market, technology that we have been working with our teams together on for years that’s now in the market. And so we have a much better understanding of the competitive landscape, what we’re up against in terms of pure technologies. And the fact that we are able to win these new solutions in a competitive space gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to do even more going forward.
Ken Miller: Okay, Paul, I’m going to take a crack at that. I think the big difference today is three key things, maybe four, actually. One, the talent that we have leading the enterprise business that has unbelievable firsthand experience in what it takes to win all up from a solution, go to market, channels, you name it, really have talent with the right depth and breadth that can do it. Second, we did not just set out to solve the technology differentiation that we know is necessary to win but we set out to solve the go to market requirements that we understood based on the lessons that we had learned some painful ones in the past on what it takes to win and to win sustainably. And this, by the way, includes not just the direct selling motion, but the channel selling motion and keep in mind, again, new talent, new leadership to understand what it takes to win, and to create a fabulous channel motion to get this technology to continue to perform well in the market.  And then finally, of course, it’s the strength of the solution itself. I think the level of differentiation that we enjoy right now in the AI driven enterprise in particular, but I would also include data center with Apstra is second to none. I have not seen this magnitude of differentiation, qualified not just by internal analysis, but by our customers, by third party independent analysts ever in the history of Juniper. So I have utmost confidence that this is not a short-term thing. This is a long-term sustainable, competitive advantage and growth vertical for the company.
Ken Miller: Oh, China, sorry. So on the on the RNPCS [Phonetic], if you look at just our Silicon Photonics spend, it’s going to be -- it’s going to go to zero here since this transaction was closed, so year-on-year, we wouldn’t see less OpEx spent on Silicon Photonics internally, than say last year. That said this transaction was contemplated for a while. We’ve been working on it for several months now and it was factored into our plans for the year, so factored into our long-term guidance. We talked about OpEx being up year-on-year and absolute total OpEx, predominantly in go to market, as we continue to invest to take advantage of the opportunities that Rami just mentioned earlier about our enterprise motion in particular. So it is factored into the long term targets, Paul, is the short answer.  On China, we have not seen any real impact due to the more recent shutdowns, COVID-related shutdowns, obviously something we’re watching very closely. We have reduced our footprint -- manufacturing footprint in China, but we still have some dependence there, particularly on the component side, but for the most recent shutdowns, we were so far unimpacted. Who knows what’s going to happen tomorrow, but it is something we’re watching very closely. 
Rod Hall: Yeah. Hey, guys, thanks for the question. I just wanted to check back on the sequential product gross margin weakness. I know you guys talked a little bit about customer mix, and also the cost. But I wonder if you could dig into the mix side of it a little bit and talk about how much of that is temporary, give us any more color you can give us on the mix and how that affected the margins? Thanks.
Rod Hall: And then maybe follow that up with just an additional question on that same topic. Do you guys have any line of sight to that supplier? Is it just all these disruptions that make it impossible to know when supply there gets a little bit better? I know that’s been kind of an ongoing supply issue for you, so just wondering what the visibility looks like here.
Rod Hall: Are you guys -- given that change, are you guys expecting the 1.8 billion a backlog? I know you said to kind of exit the year with that amount. Do you -- is there upward pressure on that now? Do you think maybe the backlog you exit was a little bit higher than that or are you still thinking that you can kind of stick to that? I guess it was 1.8, if I’m remembering right.
