Rami Rahim: Yeah sure, Mark. Thanks for the question. I'll start and then I'll just pass it on to Robyn if she wishes to want to add anything else. First and foremost, I have to say that I feel good about the fundamentals of the business and of course the need for networking technology across all of our market verticals. The fact of the matter is there are some very important problems to be solved in the area of networking keeping up with capacity and delivering services over those networks and so forth. Also feel great about our execution, the engagement that we have with our customers across all of our key market verticals. I think it really comes down to the fact that 2016 has started with a lot of market volatility. And we have to see how that plays out in terms of its effects on spending patterns and deployments with our customers really across all of our key verticals. I think it's really important that we managed the business and we invest with that assumption in mind and that's exactly what we're doing.
Rami Rahim: Yeah thanks. Sure Mark. Thank you. If you look at 2015, we said that it's really important for us to diversify our business across geos across technology areas, across market verticals. You're touching on the diversity and technology areas. And that is very much a matter of our strategy and I'm very happy with how the team executed to that effect in the last year. Routing all up grew 6%, switching 7%, security grew 5%. And that I think is a reflection of just the execution by the engineering team the go-to-market team our marketing team. And I feel that the opportunities there for us to continue that growth across all of the technology areas, in security in particular since you highlighted it, this was an area that required an extra level of focus from us. Because as you know we started with a bit of deficit just a year ago we refocused our strategy, we enhanced our product set, we definitely did a lot of training and marketing to win the hearts and minds of our partners and our customers. And while I'm not yet ready at this point to say that we are completely done because there are still a lot more execution for us to do in the area of security. I definitely feel much better about the opportunity that we have with that business and the way that we are executing in that business than I did a year ago.
Rami Rahim: Let me start Vijay. I don't think it's any it's specific to anyone technology area or customer vertical. As I mentioned I actually feel good about the way that we're executing and about the fundamentals of the business the need for the kind of technologies, how our products that we're developing and innovating in are going to addressing those requirements in 2016 all up. I just believe that as we start 2016 and you see the incredible amount of volatility in the market across really all markets and all geos, it's a good idea for us to plan and manage the business with the assumption that there could be some lumpiness. And I don't think if they say specific to anyone particular vertical.
Rami Rahim: Yeah sure Vijay. Well first I'm happy to hear that you think it' a good idea and I agree with you completely. I wanted just to make sure everybody understands. The goal of this acquisition is not to build a large optical business inside of the Juniper. The goal is to capture what we believe are very important market inflection points that have to do with the convergence of packet and optical. And this is not a new strategy, this is actually strategy that I've talked to you and our customers and our partners about over several years. We have already been developing optical interfaces, colored interfaces on our routers. And we think that there are certain market segments data center interconnect in particular metro that are going to need to move to this architectural approach sooner rather than later. And so this acquisition when it closes in the Q2 timeframe is essentially a way for us to accelerate our innovation in this area by getting key building blocks and of course the talent that will help us to do it. So that's why as Robyn mentioned earlier we don’t think it’s going to have a material impact on our 2016 financials.
Rami Rahim: Yes, Pierre so let me start first as far as the outlook really I think Robyn covered it well. There is nothing specific to anyone particular vertical or even geography. The macro volatility we're seeing is really widespread and it touches pretty much all of our customers across verticals and different geos as well. On the second question that you are talking about with respect to data center, I still see that as a tremendous opportunity for us. We are.... if you look at our switching market share although it's actually nudging up were still relatively small and for that reason the opportunity for us to penetrate into the data center with switching products, data center interconnects with our MX product line as well as some of the packet optical architectures that we are talking about and data center is in fact the area where we are strongest today from a security stand point. Finally, where we are really seeing some good momentum is with Contrail and build out of cloud for Telecom operator and large enterprises. The Contrail win rate that we are observing right now with six additional wins in the Q4 time frame alone is really healthy and we definitely see a pulling other products along with it. So macro uncertainty aside I still view data center and in particular the move to hybrid cloud environment as a tremendous opportunity for Juniper.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Thanks, Simona. I'd say the biggest areas of focus and where our competitive differentiation is going to be greatest as well as where our go to market attention is also the highest is in the data center opportunity. So you mentioned correctly. So they moved to 25 and 50 gig, we just introduced in the Q4 time frame the key effect 5,2000, in fact that's the first switch that we offer with a completely dis aggregated operating system to truly go after that opportunity. That compliments the spine switches that are now in the hands of our customer at least the early versions in the hands of our customer whiles we expect revenue to start ramping this year. So anything to do with data center just as a matter of strategy and focus I'm optimistic about. Metro 100 gigs the MX is the sweet spot product now for these 100 gig deployments and I do expect to be very much relevant if you will for those kinds of opportunity. Campus has been a little bit less of a focus relative to the data center. But that's only because of the timing of the product if you will. We have a new architecture that we introduced for the campus that we call fusion architecture and that architecture really comes to provision and around the middle of this year and for large campus environments I think that makes us very, very competitive. Last, on the metro opportunity. We did mention that we introduced the latest versions of our MX line cards in the Q4 time frame. This is the MPC7 with a very dense industry leading 100 gig capacity which is perfectly time to capture the metro opportunities that you are mentioning.
Rami Rahim: Okay, let me start with routing. Thanks for the question and then I'll pass it over to Robyn. In routing over the last few quarters, we've been taking market share and I think that's because of the strength of our product portfolio and the engagement that we're having with our service provider and enterprise customers around the world. Last quarter was a great quarter for the MX and the PTX this quarter is another fantastic quarter for the MX. So there are really two routing product lines that are humming right now in terms of the business momentum that we are building. Both have fantastic roadmaps and both are hitting the market in terms of both the software capabilities the services and the density and the performance that they offer to our customers. In Q4 in particular, we saw broad based strengths in service providers, this is not a common specific to just the large tier 1 this is true for service providers around the world that are building out their metro their EDGE and their cores with the MX and the PTX. And I'm also very pleased with the performance that we saw in the cable in the Q4 timeframe where cable operators are really just trying to keep ahead of the growth in video traffic. They're doing this with the migration to DOCSIS 3.0, 3.1 and of course the densities that we offer with the MX and the PTX to help them to do that is really turning into a competitive advantage for us.
Rami Rahim: Well first thanks for the question Sanjiv. We're still sticking to our long-term outlook which includes '14, '15 and '16 of the 3% to 6% revenue range. And I think we will make progress towards if I look at 2016 all up. I do believe that we will make progress towards that goal. And that’s true from a revenue standpoint in terms of 3% to 6% but also through from an operating margin standpoint where we expect to achieve our long-term goal of 25% all up full year annualized basis.
Rami Rahim: It's both because I think it ramps up but it ramps up early this year. So I do think it will have a significant contribution to 2016 across switching and routing in particular but also security.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, and Jim on the switching question, fiscal year 2015 we saw a 7% year-over-year increase in switching that is largely without the benefit of the new spine switches which we expect to ramp in this year. So I am bullish on our ability to grow this part of our business. I think if you look at where the opportunity lies; it's mostly in the datacenter and the cloud. This is true for all of our vertical market segments whether if that our telecom operators that are building out their next generation distributed Telco cloud architectures transforming their network locations to scale out data centers from which they are delivering value to their customers certainly through for enterprises that are moving to a hybrid cloud architecture. I think we can benefit from that. And then again I will put in that plug for - because I think that's really making us very relevant to the next generation architectures where there is a high degree of automation that is being applied how switching is deployed. And we're seeing that is a very strategic and sticky part of the sales motion for our customers across all vertical markets.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, sure Ashwin. So Europe actually you're right, from a revenue standpoint it took a little bit of a step back but actually from a booking standpoint Europe was quite strong year-over-year and sequentially. So I'm not concerned. I think in Europe the area where we're seeing the greatest success is with the telecom operators. The win rate, the level of engagement on some of the next generation of architectures in not just routing but in switching and security and Contrail is very good and so for that reason again for 2016 as a whole I actually think Europe is going to be good. There has been a very deliberate focus inside of Juniper to make sure that there is the good diversity across geographies and we’re taking that seriously I'm very pleased with how the team is executing.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I think we are expecting that revenue will expand this year if you think about it from the full year standpoint and with that said we’re essentially making sure that we’re investing in a way that is commensurate with that expansion in revenue. We’re not going to as I have said many times in the past invest ahead of that growth.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Let me start. Thanks Ittai. On the enterprise side Q3 was a very strong revenue quarter for us. If you recall it was actually double-digit growth both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. So the step back that we took in enterprise honestly I'm not too worried about it. I think that is largely as a result of the timing of large enterprise deployment and especially government. Government was actually very strong for us in Q3 and there was a bit more weakness in government just because various factors in the Q4 time frame. If I think about the opportunity for us in the enterprise and our ability to capture it especially as it pertained to cloud deployment. I actually feel very good about 2016, all of 2016. I think that's the net of it. Expecting some one peanut especially in the larger enterprises in government is something that is pretty normal.
Rami Rahim: On the second question I think it was around sort of the capital expenditures for telecom operators in particular. I mean we are seeing the same reports that you are seeing it's still early that in the year. But it is at least one of the factors that we are considering as we provide our outlook. For Telcos in particular the most important thing we need to do, it is to make sure that we remain extremely relevant to the next generation architectures that they are now contemplating and will eventually deploy. Things like cloud CBE, things like deploying SDN and transforming their network locations to data center like entities. I feel really good about the level of engagement that we are having with our telco operator to be able to capture that opportunity when it becomes real. I think there are some real good proof points of telcos. Even large telcos that are making significant progress in that direction. And then finally, it's important for us to continue the diversification of business. So that we can increase the predictability of our business overtime across all vertical market segment.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, sure. I will start with this routing question. I think actually where if you look where you see virtualization becoming most relevant. It's in areas of the market that are tend to be little bit less performance tend to be more around the customer premises equipment is really around the end goal of automation. And we have developed of what I think are really competitive solutions to address that particular opportunity. The big iron stuff - it's really around keeping up with traffic patterns with growth in traffic. And if you look at for examples the enhancements that we are making in the PTX where we're going from a terabit per slot to 3 terabits per slot industry leadership from form standpoint. I can tell you that is absolutely hitting the mark in terms of the kinds of technologies that are telecom operators are looking for to cost effectively address the insatiable based our traffic growth in their networks.
Rami Rahim: We well we expect the revenue ramp to start in the first half. It will obviously be more meaningful in the second half. But we do expect that the revenue will start in the first half.
Rami Rahim: No I think it's actually getting more diverse across vertical markets, cloud, cable telecom operators large enterprises federal governments and so on. And I think that's good because it's adding a greater level of predictability to the business. I don't think we're done I mean I think that there is always going to be some lumpiness I mean our exposure to telecom operator is still quite high so there is going to be some lumpiness to the business which is why so important for us to continue in 2016 on our strategy of diversification across vertical markets across geos and also across technology areas of switching revenue security.
Rami Rahim: Yeah I have said in the past that this 2015 will be the year of stabilizing security and then we would start to see modest growth in 2016. So at the end of 2015 I think it's we can say that we exceeded our expectations last year. Securities grew 5% full year year-to-year comparison. And I think that's not an accident it is a result of some really great work by a lot of people to Juniper that I'm extremely proud of. There you're going to see a rolling thunder of security enhancements that we will make across managements, where we knew that we have some work to do to better penetrate the enterprise with the area of next gen firewall capabilities that are cloud offered that this product is called the sky advanced threat prevention that's in beta today that essentially starts to ship shortly in the next few months. We just wrapped up a customer and partner events actually more of the partner events just earlier this months, where we heard first hand from our partner that they are feeling much better about where we are in the security today relative to where we just a year ago.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah, and just to add to that. I mean we did really have a great Q4 and we got good visibility. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the backlog was $517 million up significantly year-over-year and so as deferred revenue. Having said that as Rami mentioned, there is a lot of market volatility out the and in our experience that has from time-to-time caused some lumpiness in our deployments or order patterns. And so it's more a buyback cautiousness in terms of what could unfold as we move forward here. But we've been cautious with our guided for the first quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah, and just amplify what Rami said, and just to remind you our enterprise business typically is down in the first quarter from the fourth quarter. That's a normal phase and no pattern that we've see. So obviously we expected it to be up year-on-year but quarter-on-quarter we do expect that to be down and Rami addressed that in his prepared remarks. In terms of the Telco sector just globally we had a very strong Telco quarter in the fourth quarter as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And typically it does take a little bit of time to those deployments to be digested and move forward. So we're constructive on the year I think in terms of how reviewing the FY16 year for our business. But we're been cautious in the near term just give the volatility as Rami mentioned.
Robyn Denholm: So Paul thanks for the questions. Let me touch on the guidance and the outlook for Q1 first so as we said if I go back 90 days ago what I said on the earnings call is that we expected Q1 to be 7% to 10% down and what we just announced in terms of the guidance at the midpoint is 11% down so it's modestly down from what we were expecting before and that’s us being cautious and prudent. We’re not seeing any wholesale signs as any weaknesses Rami mentioned before, having said that it is early in the quarter and it's just our experience that where there are headlines we’re talking about capital purchases many of my piece around the world will start tighten things unless macro environment changes and so that’s why we’re being cautious and prudent it is more experienced than actually what we’re seeing. So on the margin side I'm very pleased with the gross margin that we posted for Q4 it’s up a couple of ticks’ year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. It is strong in terms of both the product and the services margin. The services came and the business around services is doing very well within the company, the team continues to work on the cost structure. They continue to take cost out of that business and productivity increase. At the same time, it’s improving our customer satisfaction score so I'm very pleased with that. We move to the first quarter guidance on the gross margin, we also typically see a quarter-over-quarter sequential decline in gross margins again it’s up year-over-year from Q1 of last year and that’s primarily the result of the volume in the Q1 period of time from products so this is relatively consistent quarter-over-quarter in terms of the gross margin area. Sometimes we do get some fluctuation in that depending on deployments from product because of PS revenue as part of services but we’re very pleased with our services gross margin.
Robyn Denholm: So just in terms of currency Jess. As I've mentioned before, we predominantly invoice the U.S. dollars. Having said that obviously with the strength of the U.S. dollar versus other currency, we see some and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, some modest pricing impact in those areas which we have by and large offset with cost reductions. So our assumptions are that the currency impact remains the consistent high levels of the U.S. dollar as we move forward here.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah, and just to underscore that point and Rami mentioned that in his prepared remarks, the 2015 there was very little revenue from the new products. So it just it underscores the strength of the results in '15. And we are expecting those products to ramp as we move through '16.
Robyn Denholm: Thank you. So in terms of the pricing commentary or the currency commentary. Obviously the U.S. dollar has been strong for quite some time now. So we have actually seen some impacts from our pricing in on international operations outside of the US which we have largely offset by the cost reductions that we've had throughout the year. So you can see the gross margin is very healthy on that product areas it's very consistent year-over-year it's also very consistent from a sequential basis. So we obviously compete in the business and we largely compete on the differentiation of our products. But there are obviously areas where we continue to work on the cost structure and reduce our cost so that we preserve the competitiveness of our overall product ranges well.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah and just to underscore that point, we grew switching 7% year-over-year without very much benefit at all from the new product. So I think to Rami's point we're very pleased with the switching performance that also plays with how we out moving forward from a competitive point of view with the switching line up that we have.
Robyn Denholm: Thanks George. We don’t actually breakout our emerging markets number but what I will say is I did provide some commentary about Asia Pacific if you excluded China we’d actually be up quite significantly in terms of the quarter. It’s in my commentary and in terms of Brazil, it’s a small business for us but I can’t actually say we’re down in the quarter and that’s in the Americas result, so in terms of the APAC results they would have been up I think it’s about 10% but we’ll come back to you with that number.
Robyn Denholm: No it’s a combination of factors but we did address it obviously the currency impacts is seen through that pricing and any other factors that are in there. But we are offsetting that with cost reductions as you could see in the quarter from the gross margin so slightly elevated just what I said in the prepared remarks. And just coming back to George’s question about emerging markets in terms of Asia Pacific it was about 4% full year, we excluded China region we’re eventually up a little bit so you can see there has been a sustain period of time, quite a reduction in that business. Although I will say that it in the fourth quarter we actually saw it grow a little from the third quarter. So from a China specific perspective.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah and actually I'll just add to that, our enterprise business for the fourth quarter was largely as we were expecting. So not anything out of the ordinary. The full year for enterprise was actually 8% which is a very good result for us for the full year rental price and it just speaks to the diversity again that Rami underscored through the commentary here. If you look at our full service provider business that was up about the same sort of level, 7% and enterprise was up 8%. So within any one quarter you will see some lumpiness between the sectors and between the verticals in the market. Just because of the deployment cycle that actually overall the diversity is working us and that it gives good gross in both areas over a full year period of time.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah, I think it's fair to say that we expect that those revenues in the first half that right will start in the second half I think is the way we would characterize it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay actually question is on Europe it looks like Europe was down on a year-over-year basis in Q4. I'm wondering if you're expecting that region to return to growth anytime soon given that fiscal your Q1 guidance implies growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks a lot guys. I guess more of a housekeeping question I was curious about what your emerging markets exposure is right now I’ve seem to have lost track of that I'm specifically just in countries like Brazil, Russia, China places where the currencies have really devalued or economy slowdowns where is that now and how do you feel about those areas going forward? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks very much. And Robyn I'd like to add my congratulations to you and appreciation for all your help with me over the years. Two questions really I think first is big picture on routing you had a really nice series of quarters and they were quite good on that, I contrast that a little bit to what I hear out of the larger U.S. Telcos who have been pretty clear that NFE is an opportunity for them to reduce spending on what they call big iron in the core of the network. So I'm wondering if you could compare and contrast that a little bit and help us I think that through and then I've got a follow up. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thank you. And then the second one is could you help us a little bit to understand when we can expect revenues from the QFX-10000 I think that still at one point and might have been in the first half of this year and I'm not sure if I A have that right in B if so I'm interpreting your remarks is being more of a second half 2016 story.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for slipping me in. I had a couple of quick ones hopefully and thank you for giving the color on the top 10 customers. And the question there with more success in cable and cloud is Rami as the business becoming more concentrated around key customers or is that the wrong way to look at it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then a quick follow up. On the comments about volatility across all markets and geos and then with security specifically ScreenOS is all but gone and you've got traction at the high end of the SRX market. Should we expect to see more resiliency in security relative to other market just given the nature of that business.
