Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first, needless to say, it’s great to see the performance in our cloud business in the Q4 time frame. The year largely played out as we expected, in fact, probably saw a little bit stronger results in the Q4 timeframe than what we had originally anticipated. The success in the hyperscaler is always going to be concentrated and CapEx concentrated. However, I’m pleased with the fact that we saw success across a broad number of customers, not just within the hyperscalars, but also in Tier 2 cloud where I think we’re doing actually quite well. Also the breadth of the technologies with strength in those switching and in routing, that we’re quite pleased with. We have a unique position when it comes to the routing footprint that we retain in the hyperscale space. And we fought hard to retain it, as you know, with the prior transition that we’ve undertaken over the last year and a half. At this point, I think that is largely behind us and we are now in a situation where the strength of the business, the momentum is going to be very much based on the timing of deployments. So that I think gets us to sort of mid to low single digit growth type rates in the cloud segments in the 2020 timeframe. Certainly, as you get into the 400 gig deployments, and in particular, in the data centre and DCI that post, that presents a much bigger opportunity for us to go after. And we’re doing just that. I mean, all of our focus, our energy, our investments are going into the 400 gig system, the software, the specific features that our customers are requiring and we are engaging with our customers in order to have a very good shot at not just getting our fair share, but more than our fair share in that segment. And timing of that is going to be closer to the end of the year into next year for where meaningful revenue happens. And it’s largely tied to the timing of the projects within hyperscale as well as the finding and availability of 400-gig optics.
Rami Rahim: That’s a great question. I think there are really two sales plays that we undertake when it comes to the enterprise space and the specific customer and their requirements, their presence. So one sales play is very much data center oriented and it is around satisfying the sort of highly automated private cloud data center with a simple fabric management, high performance, EVP and VXLAN type functionality that I think we have real strength and we saw really good momentum in the data center, switching space in the Q4 time-frame, in fact, record orders for the QFX in Q4, largely driven by both cloud as well as the enterprise. The second sales play is very much aligned with what you’re talking about, which is around the campus. And there we are finding a lot of success in leading with Mist, the highly differentiated cloud-based management, AI-driven simplicity and user experience that now allows us to start the conversation to open the door and then to insert EX switching, which I think is leading to the sequential performance that we’re starting to see with the EX portfolio. And I’ll just mention that we just recently introduced functionality that makes that sales play not just one of a commercial play, where we start with one product and then leads us to a conversation with the other, it’s very much a technical tie-in where the Mist cloud, the management, the AI analytics and assurance now actually technically ties in the acts where you give the customer the ability to look at the performance of their network across both wired and wireless and I think that’s a very unique offering that we have now in the market.
Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly, Samik. So, we actually saw a pretty good recovery on a sequential basis in telcos and the service provider vertical in Q4. 2019 was largely played out as we expected, we had expected the second half to be stronger than the first half, and that essentially panned out as expected. A lot of the momentum was in the Q4 timeframe. There is a couple of reasons for this: one is, timing of orders, timing of projects that we had visited into. There’s only so much time that a service provider can go without having to invest in their network. So that certainly benefited us. The other thing that I’d like to call out is, the breadth of the solutions that we’re now selling into the telco domain where we have, obviously, very tight relationships and strategic discussions with is increasing. So not only are we now selling routing technology, which is our traditional business, but we saw good strength in switching and in security. Not to mention in software, in particularly, around the cloud and telco cloud solutions that we’re now offering across a large number of customers. So when I extrapolate out into 2020, I would not return – I would not estimate or predict a return to growth. I think growth is in the cards for further out in a couple of years timeframe, but for 2020, I’d say, less headwinds supported by some of these other solutions that we are now introducing and selling to our telco customers. I do think that there are going to be some catalysts out there that we can leverage. 5G, although the timing is somewhat unpredictable, I do believe it’s going to be big and it’s going to be a catalyst for investments that will play out over a number of years. Our Metro portfolio which will start to come together for us later this year, I think will be good. Our partnerships, our strategic partnerships with companies like Ericsson, I think starts to help and not to mention just the portfolio. So we introduced last year some pretty meaningful enhancements and upgrades to our MX portfolio and those have gone through certifications. And I think we’ve now started getting into the early deployments I think, starts to benefit us throughout this year.
Rami Rahim: Yes. We did mention in Q3 that we were seeing some more caution from some of our Enterprise customers. And I’d say that Q4 played out largely as Q3 did. There is some level of caution that is out there that is maybe delaying some orders, however, look, I mean, we had a good enterprise quarter. I think even in a scenario where there is weakness in the macro, our share in the enterprise vertical leaves a lot of room for growth and I have optimism based on the strength of our portfolio, especially around the data center switching portfolio as well as the campus wired wireless switching solution as well. And couple that with the hard work that the that we did over the last year in restructuring our sales force, cutting in order to invest in front line sellers that we are now starting to see the benefit of. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, compared to trough levels of last year, where we stopped we are now at 20% increase in the number of quota carrying sales reps that are out already. Now many of them are relatively new and are still in the process of becoming fully productive. I think as that happens throughout this year, we’re going to start – we are going to really benefit from it, especially second half of the year.
Rami Rahim: It certainly does. And let me be clear, I think that’s what we are seeing with respect to the timing of 400-gig. Of the solution, deployments, the opportunity that is there for us is not different than anything that our peers are seeing as well. We’ve done everything that is in our control right now. I mean, retaining our routing footprint was necessary because that gives us an amazing platform off of which to increase our relevance within the cloud vertical and we’ve done that. In terms of the solutions and the product, we already have our first 400-gig systems that are in the market based on both custom and merchant silicon, the new operating system that’s very much developed with our cloud vertical in mind, with the kind of modularity, Linux-native capability, the programmability has now seen its way into the market. We are very much engaged with our customers in early deployments, in early lab certifications. And the timing is essentially tied to the timing that our customers are looking to deploy. And yes, optics plays a big role in the timing and not just the availability of the optics, but also in the – the economics of those optics.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question, Aaron. I will start by just saying that, I have a ton of confidence and I certainly have a lot of experience and background in this domain from my engineering days here at Juniper. In our silicon strategy, in our silicon execution and the strength and the competitiveness of our silicon products that make their way into a variety of our systems, in particular, when it comes to 400-gig, I think we have a unique offering already in the market, but still to come in terms of the full breadth of the solutions that we are bringing to market based both up on merchants silicon, in certain classes of switching silicon, but also on custom silicon that we have developed over the last several years. When it comes to sort of efficiency performance coupled with security and encryption, we really believe that we have done something very special here. So very well equipped to deal with what we know is a competitive environment. Disaggregation, selling software and silicon separately is not a new concept. In fact, I believe architecturally we have done a lot over the last couple of years to disaggregate our software from our silicon in a way that allows us to achieve much more nimbleness in how we develop our systems and can move and adapt to different silicon offerings. That said, in terms of the business model of selling software and silicon separately, we certainly we have experienced, because we have now done this for quite some time in selling software separately from the system and from silicon. We did – we started this doing – we started this, years ago. As far as selling silicon separately, while I have confidence in our silicon itself, that business model, I am not sure that there would be a huge market for it, quite frankly. So it’s something that we would be open to, it is something that we would take a close look at going forward. But for now, we’re going to be very focused on selling the systems, the software and the silicon photonics capabilities when they hit the market later this year.
Rami Rahim: I think the cloud demand has always been a very competitive environment and let’s just say that we are very used to and comfortable operating in that competitive environment and doing well despite the competition. Again, I will just reiterate part of my answer I think that there is a large market out there for selling the software. Many of our customers are looking at buying especially off-box software. The opportunity to sell a network operating system disaggregated from silicon, we have a ton of experience here is limited. There are only a few number of customers that are interested in that model. Lot of them talked about it, but ultimately they desire the simplicity of a system that includes the software and in some case merchant silicon, in other cases in custom silicon. As far as selling silicon separately like I said, the focus for us right now is on a technology that we believe has breadth in demand and that is in the 400-gig silicon photonics space. As far as silicon forwarding engines and switch silicon is concerned, I doubt that if we entered that market, we are going to see the other OEMs being customers of ours. So that really limits it to the cloud providers themselves. And based on our conversations, very specific engagements that we are having with them, I think for now the demand is more in the converged systems and meeting their requirements in terms of the programmability, the telemetry capabilities, the power, efficiency, the performance of their requirements that we are confident that we are satisfying.
Rami Rahim: I think so yes, because what we are seeing with Tier 2 cloud is. First, there are number of customers that we have seen sort of pivot back to a strategy where they want to deploy their own data centers as opposed to just moving to or embracing the public cloud offering. So that certainly is a trend that will help Tier 2 specifically. Second, not only did we retain customers and saw sort of strength in the build out of data center worldwide, but we have won some new logos that I think will help us in coming quarters.
Rami Rahim: Alex, I am not sure I fully understand the question, but when I think co-packaging really that comes to co-packaging of optics and switching silicon. That’s something that’s more a future trend that we do believe in, but it’s not a here and now it will actually take a number of years before that becomes a necessity or something that’s technically or economically feasible. Having said that, we do very much believe that our silicon photonics technology, our IP that we have that we are initially embracing to put into standalone pluggable transceivers has future applicability into co-packaging. And that is an outcome that we very much are working towards, but it’s certainly not a here and now, it’s really more of a future trend.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks, Ashwin. So silicon photonics, a lot of progress has been made. The big challenge with silicon photonics is not so much about the technology itself. I believe from a technology standpoint we have something that’s unique, highly differentiated in the market today or relative to what’s out there in the market today. The challenges around production manufacturing in large volumes and what we have done over the last several months now is that we have struck up strategic partnerships with strong manufacturing entities, companies, fab houses that specialize in this type of technology that will mitigate the risks associated with the large scale manufacturing of the technology. So at this point, I feel good about the differentiation. I feel good and confident that we are going to get to a solution that we can ship to our customers later this year. And this is not easy, this is certainly a lot of technical hurdles that are in the way, but I do believe that we are overcoming one by one. And like I said, before the end of the year we should have our first products in the market. As far as your question, yes, a question about 400-gig, so it is – it’s an interesting question, I actually think the demand – there is a greater demand for software – network operating system software that will sit on white box hardware than there is for something that is the other way around. That said, what there is of course an interest in by some of our cloud customers in particular is a very efficient implementation of SONiC on a system that we build that could either be merchant or in some cases custom. And so SONiC as sort of this lightweight NOS, network operating system that some of our cloud customers are asking for, something that we have very much embraced, we have invested in, we have demoed versions of this on our systems that I think have demonstrated to our customers how seriously we are and there is more to come in this space.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I will take that. So, I think part of this has to do with the fact that some of our big customers in the APAC region, we really had – we had some level of concentration, especially in the telco space and to a lesser degree in the cloud space that – just we are not spending as much over the last few quarters as they had done traditionally and that resulted in some weakness. I also just would acknowledge, I think we have had some execution challenges in Asia-Pacific that we have had to address and we are actually going to be announcing a new APAC leader fairly imminently at this point.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the questions. So, most of the positions have been filled. Our OpEx outlook certainly factors in both the filled positions and those that we anticipate will be filled shortly. And I just highlight the fact that we took the harder path here of cutting to invest. We have restructured. We reduced layers and increased span of control and simplified the organization, which freed up the capacity for us to go and to invest in frontline sellers and I think that has – that was tough to do, but it was the right thing to do. So certainly, you will not see a 20% increase in OpEx for our sales organization, but it’s great to see that we are going to have 20% more sellers that are actively positioning and selling the technology and the differentiation that we believe we have, especially in the enterprise space.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think that the CTO transition has gone remarkably smoothly. Bikash did a very nice job in sort of seamlessly transition over to Raj. There was in fact a period of overlap between the two executives. Raj is an outstanding technical leader that has experience in the cloud provider space, but also in the enterprise, was at Intel for a number of years, so has some experience in the silicon photonics space, at VMware, lot of experience in enterprise software. So, I think the breadth of his experience has already in just the month or two that he has been onboard been a huge benefit to us and I think he is going to do a fantastic job leading the technical strategy in this company going forward.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So with respect to tariffs, first, I would say that we have been predicting tariffs would impact our business by 30 to 50 basis points for the year and that’s largely played out as we expected. I would remind you that’s a total gross margin impact. If you actually take the impact of product gross margin, it’s greater than that as the denominator gets smaller, right. So if you look at product only gross margin, the tariff impact is greater than 30 to 50 basis points. As it relates to Wave 4 and the change there, we did not see a benefit in time to impact Q2. We will slightly benefit from that in the Q1 tariffs. But our biggest opportunity is to continue to mitigate the entirety of the tariff as we continue to look at retooling our supply chain. So, that’s something that’s ongoing. We weren’t able to mitigate much in Q4. In fact, our Q4 tariff exposure was the highest of any of the quarters in 2019 which is time, just not having enough time to really react to Wave 4. We are now reacting and we expect to be able to mitigate some tariff impact going forward. As far as the big levers, I would order them and volume is number one. I mean, we did although we are pleased with our Q4 returned to growth we are still seeing product revenue down. That is obviously a negative to our gross margin, our product gross margin in particular. So getting the volume back would be number one. Obviously, if we can mitigate tariffs further that would help. And last but not least, on a mixed perspective, as our software business continues to get stronger, particularly as we start to get more renewals in our subscription software business, we should see some lift in our software margin as well.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Let me start and maybe Ken has something to add. And it’s best to think about it from the standpoint of verticals. I think in the cloud space we saw good – we closed the year strong in 2019. I wouldn’t expect that Q4 performance is sort of sustainable on an ongoing basis based purely on the footprint that we have. I think sort of mid single-digit – mid to low single-digit growth rates in the cloud provider space based on existing footprint is a reasonable assumption. In the enterprise space, I would say continued momentum and if anything maybe even better strength in the second half of the year as we get to more productivity with the increased number of sellers that we have, that’s out there not to mention the continuously increasing strength of our joint portfolio. So, the EX switching portfolio being managed by the Mist cloud, the initial versions of that have now entered the market, it’s only going to get stronger and more competitive throughout the year. So I am quite optimistic about the enterprise vertical in 2020. And I think that’s going to be a good growth catalyst for us. In SP, it’s moderating declines, right, sort of mid single-digit declines in SP is probably in the right ballpark. And it’s based on a number of factors that have already highlighted around the fact that SPs need to invest eventually, 5G becoming more of a catalyst to investments, the fact that we are broadening our solutions in our portfolio that we are selling to the SP into software switching and security. That’s how we think about it.
Rami Rahim: Yes. So as far as the routing products, MX and PTX, I think we have now seen a few quarters of PTX momentum driven largely by the cloud vertical. And I am quite optimistic that, that can continue. The MX, we introduced new MX 5G line cards, roughly at first half of last year timeframe. Those typically take 6 months to 9 months of certification. That has happened now over the last couple of quarters. And I think that starts to result in some growth opportunities for us into 2020. And I think the second question was around switching in the cloud provider space and whether there were net new logos? And the answer is, yes, in the Tier 2 space I think we have seen momentum as a result of both satisfying the growth demand of Tier 2 clouds, especially Tier 2 cloud providers that have made a strategic decision to either stick with or to in-source their data center infrastructure, but also net new logos worldwide that I think will help us throughout this year.
Ken Miller: Yes. So free cash flow was down a little bit compared to our normal kind of seasonal average, primarily just due to timing of both purchases as well as some cash collections from customers. We did see a build-up in deferred revenue and we saw some strong bookings particularly in the services side, service renewals and you see our DSL also went up in the Q4 time period which is not abnormal. We absolutely expect that timing to revert. We expect Q1 to be a strong cash flow quarter for us. In fact, I would expect it to exceed $200 million in Q1. So the cash – the cash flow that you were expecting to see in Q4 was just pushed down a bit into the Q1 timing.
Ken Miller: Yes. For revenue, we were comfortable with current Street estimates for 2020, which we’re looking for about 1% growth. From a gross margin perspective, we think flat to slightly up volume would help, but modest growth, call 1% level, it’s not going to have a tremendous impact on gross margins. I’d expect flat to slightly up gross margin perspective. We are driving for a full year earnings growth in 2020 as well.
Ken Miller: Yes. So deal mix is very much two factor, I would say. If you look at the full year basis, 2019 versus 2018, the primary driver to the drop-in product gross margin was both tariff and volume. So mix did not play a big factor on full year basis ‘19 versus ‘18 however in a quarterly basis, so for example, Q3 last year versus Q4, the quarter we just ended, you did see some negative mix trends that affected the margin marginally. So any given quarter, it’s going to vary based on deal mix on a kind of a more longer term period, we’re managing it quite effectively. We did see some headwinds last year with tariffs as well as boiling things down. Those are really the two drivers in the product was margin. We saw tremendous strength in service gross margin, which enabled us to deliver fairly flattish, overall gross margins for the company.
Ken Miller: Yes. So services gross margin clearly benefited from the very strong services revenue. As you saw, actually a little bit more less there than we expected beginning in the quarter. The cost is little more fixed. Most of our cost of services is really our – our services JTech facilities, labs, etcetera. So we are seeing a relatively stable cost line and its revenue ramps sequentially as it did last year. You did see a bigger market than normal. I would expect that to come down a bit in Q1 as revenue seasonally will come down for services and the cost will remain kind of at fixed levels.
Ken Miller: Yes. So we are comfortable with the current Street revenue estimates for 2020, which are approximately 1% revenue growth. I believe at those kind of revenue numbers we should expect gross margin to be flat to slightly up. OpEx will be up on a full year basis. I do expect us to continue to be opportunistic with our capital return program as well with share buybacks. So the combination of that we believe will get us to earnings growth on a full year basis next year or this year.
Ken Miller: Yes. I would just add that we did see two consecutive quarters of sequential growth in Asia-Pac and we did see enterprise up on a year-on-your basis. So we are seeing some pockets of strength there. I think there is more to come. I would expect all of our geographies to have the potential to grow in 2020.
Ken Miller: No, I think that makes sense. I think if you wanted to ask what could go wrong, I would say, clearly the enterprise business operating in that dynamic macro environment, if that were to change materially that could have an impact on our ability to grow enterprise, Rami already mentioned kind of service provider and cloud.
