Robyn Denholm: Thanks, Simona. So in terms of the rules around the revenue recognition, they came into place in October of 2009 and as you could see from our K, we were continuing to evaluate that. What I will say is that in terms of the factors that we look for guidance, the deal that we recorded and it was a single customer that generated the $25 million. It was in the pipeline at the time that we were pulling together our guidance and it was actually booked and shipped in the quarter. So it isn’t revenue that came off the balance sheet, it was actually booked and shipped in the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: It was definitely in the pipeline in terms of one of the factors that we looked at to guidance for the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, Tal. In terms of the $25 million, nearly all of it was product, very small amount was services. And it was related to a single customer and actually new business in the quarter. So under the recognition rules, it was – anything that was booked or any POs that we received up until the end of the fourth quarter of last year actually remains under the old rule. It's only new business with new – with customers that were transacted from the 1st of January onwards that the new rules apply. And what that means in the future feature commitment area is that you still defer an amount of revenue, but the amount is commensurate with the value of those features as opposed to deferring the whole of the revenue amount. And in terms of the second question around deferred revenue balance, yes, we are pleased with the continued growth there in terms of the deferred revenue. As I just mentioned, anything that was under a deal that was – we had a purchase order or a contract that the business was transacted prior to the end of last fiscal year is under the old rule. So even if we booked and shipped that in the quarter in Q1, it would still be deferred. In terms of the growth, I mentioned last quarter that it wasn't any one single customer that's driving that growth. It’s a nice, healthy, diversified balance across a few customers.Tal Liani – Banc of America: Thank you.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, Ehud. So let me answer the last question first. So in terms of the $1.5 million, that's to do with equity investment in the joint venture with NSN on solutions that we are delivering on the service provider side. And that's an ongoing investment. We obviously will view revenue as products come to market through that joint venture. In terms of the – in terms of margin impact of the $25 million, we – you do record the costs associated with that and you also record the expenses associated with that. So it's not a windfall in terms of the operating margin. In terms of the – I'll give you a little bit more color in terms of the customer profile and where that was. It was a non-U.S. service provider customer and it was a new deal, new piece of business with that customer. And it was the service provider customer and it booked and shipped in the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in terms of the current – the Q1 numbers, the operating margin was slightly higher than we guided to and it was around the operating expenses. So the team performed very well and in despite the headwinds that we have in Q1 with the FICA reset and the expenses to do with that and obviously the resetting of bonus and commission plans in – as a result of the new fiscal year. So the team executed very well. As I mentioned in our guidance commentary, we are obviously very prudent with our expense management across the board. We've done a very good job on our cost structure over the last couple of years and we will continue to do that as we move forward through the growth that we are seeing. But we do need to invest modestly in incremental sales and marketing areas to make sure that we are capturing the demand opportunity that's out there. And we will do that prudently and as I said, we do expect an operating margin for Q2 in that 23%, plus or minus a half.Jess Lubert – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in terms of the book-to-bill, Nikos, as I said, it was approximately 1. It was just slightly under 1 under the new revenue rules. So – but we are very pleased with our underlying demand metrics overall. We saw good activity, and as Kevin mentioned, that activity has continued into the early part of Q2.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, the backlog – product backlog itself was very, very marginally down, very slightly. But the deferred revenue is up. So from my perspective, that – if you net the two things together, they are actually very healthy indicators that things are positive from a demand perspective.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, I think in terms of the $950 million plus or minus $20 million, what we are seeing obviously is good demand on the service provider side and the enterprise side. We expect that to continue. We expect a sequential increase in service provider spending and the differential between the midpoint of the range and the high end of the range is whether or not that spending comes in early enough to be recognized in the quarter. In terms of the enterprise, we are seeing good year-over-year and quarter – and sequential growth, even in Q1 and we expect that to continue in Q2.Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Robyn Denholm: So I think the answer is no. The operating margin, you do take the selling expenses into account in terms of the revenue that you recognize. So commissions, sales costs, all of that sort of thing taken to – into account when we booked that. And so it was no different to other deals of commensurate products that were booked in the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So I – for the Q2, what I said was it would round up to $0.01. It's actually sort of in that $5 million to $6 million range, which rounds up to a penny. So it would be up to a penny. On an ongoing basis, I'll tell you next quarter – the first quarter, you normally have the integration costs, as well as the ongoing R&D that you are assuming with the company. But I'll give you an update on that as we are integrating the company next quarter.
Robyn Denholm: So gross margins were at about 67.6% for the quarter. They were roughly flat with last quarter, which is what we were expecting. The balance between products and services slightly favored the product side this quarter versus Q4. So it really was – I – we were expecting expenses to increase sequentially slightly, given the FICA reset and the bonuses and actually we were able to manage it to a slight decline. So that was principally the difference between the guidance and the results as they yielded. We are very pleased with our ongoing performance on the gross margin side and as I outlined in the Financial Analyst Meeting, we are still working and continue to work on things in the supply chain and our ongoing activities in – on the cost side of our gross margin and we continue to drive for value with our customer set as well.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So I – Paul, in terms of the $950 million of guidance, plus or minus $20 million, what we said was that we are expecting the strong increase in sequential enterprise, our momentum that we've had in that area to continue and we expect an increase in the sequential revenues to do with service provider. So – and most specifically, between the top end and the midpoints or between the $20 million, between the $950 million and $970 million. That's primarily the difference in one level of revenue from service provider and another, depending on when – the timing of when they would bring in those orders, that type of things.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. And just to follow up on your first question, products for EX, MX, and SRX in the quarter combined was $270 million.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, I think, as you pointed out from the comments, Simona, that the U.S., we've got good visibility and feel comfortable with what we see in the pipeline and the growth opportunities there. I think a little color on that in the first quarter, some of the larger Tier 1 service providers' growth was – or spending was a bit lower, consistent with their Q1 spending of a year ago. But a lot of the Tier 2 service providers kicked in and we've got good visibility on our lager Tier 1s. Europe was stronger and we delivered year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter growth in Europe. And as you point out to Asia-Pacific, the comparable on Asia-Pacific, a year ago, we had some significant revenue in Japan. And so, we still had a significant amount of revenue, but less than we had a year ago in Japan and then when you look, a lot of Asia-Pacific is in some of the emerging markets or is certainly strong GDP growth markets, China and India in particular. And I think we are making some progress in some of those areas and we've got work to do in other areas. And so, Asia-Pacific, I think, remains a big opportunity for us.
Kevin Johnson: Okay. I'll take the second question, Mark, and I'll give the first question to Robyn. Thanks for the questions. First of all, we see this a 20-plus-percent growth year. Well, we've delivered Q1 and we've guided for Q2. Our growth in Q1 is 19% year-over-year and our guide at $950 million plus or minus $20 million at the midpoint is 21% growth year-over-year. And so if you look at that trend, I think that supports the view that we are growing in that 20% range and as we complete Q2, we will offer guidance for Q3. But I think it's very consistent with what we outlined at the Analyst Meeting in February.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, thanks for your question, Jeff. Look, we've got a lot of very important customers. Certainly, AT&T is and remains a very important customer of ours and I think when we look at our opportunities going forward, we anticipate they are going to continue to be a significant customer for us and any questions regarding the domain decisions and what they are working on, I'd have to refer you to AT&T. But clearly, our focus is continuing to deliver value and grow our relationship with them.
Kevin Johnson: Well, it's – in terms of our growth, it's going to be a function of how all of our revenue is growing in enterprise and service providers, and the flow of their spending on a quarterly basis. But clearly, AT&T is and continues to be an important customer for us.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff. I think one of the things that we look at certainly is the number of third parties that have signed software developer kit license agreements with us and are actively building solutions based on Junos, Junos Pulse or Junos Space. And since we've announced that capability, I think now we've – we are now at or slightly above 60 licensees of that software developer kit who are building and a high percentage of those are actively building solutions on top of Junos. So I think the two things, maybe a couple of metrics to look at. Number one would be, as we report the number of third parties that have licensed the SDK and are building solutions on Junos and the second would be as those partners announce products and solutions that run on Junos, Junos Space or Junos Pulse, that would be indicators of the third-party ecosystem rallying around Junos as a platform.
Kevin Johnson: Well, a small percentage of the 60 would be service providers. It's – and when I say small, I don't have the specific numbers, but there is a handful of service providers that are doing custom R&D on Junos in support of their strategy in the network services that they deliver to customers. Certainly, there are large technology partners, IBM being one that has announced the work that they are doing is part of the service provider delivery extensions and some work that we are doing there together with IBM who is innovating on it. And then there is a number of them that are also innovators that from different size companies that basically are in the business of innovating and creating technology solutions to address the needs of networks. So there is quite a wide range of innovators that are coming to participate in this Junos as a platform approach.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Clearly, HP was with their ProCurve offering and then recently closing 3Com, obviously they are very focused on the enterprise switching opportunity. The focus that we have really is on the value proposition we have, beginning in the datacenter with what I would characterize as an architectural transition or an architectural disruption that is unfolding in datacenters in the way they are architected where these mega datacenters just have massive numbers of servers and storage devices that need to be connected together. And strategically, we have a view that traditional three-tiered architecture is collapsing to two-tiers, which we deliver today with our EX product family and with the Stratus Project, it will collapse further to a single tier. And in many ways, that architectural disruption is driving a significant amount of dialog and the design wins that we are getting with many of these large enterprise customers and I think that’s something independent of what else is going on in the competitive landscape. That's a unique aspect that we bring to the table and that is generating a lot of the dialog and demand that we are engaging on today. The second area that we are seeing a significant amount of discussion with customers and landmark wins is in the area of branch and access where customers are looking to consolidate what typically would be multiple network appliances. And so with our low-end SRX in the branch, the fact that we could do routing, switching, security in a single system, single solution and with Junos as a platform, we continue to expand the range of solutions that are available that run on that system. And so that too is driving demand. So from a competitive approach, we are very focused on what we refer to as the new network, which is what we believe is a unique approach that dramatically changes the way that customers deploy capital and enable solutions in a way that leads to better economics and better experiences for their users.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, I think we continue to see strong demand and dialog for the value proposition as we enter the enterprise. I think certainly we've done work to increase the, I'll call it the unaided awareness of Juniper's offerings in the enterprise, recognizing certainly that there are some very significant competitors with big technology names that are also competing in that space. But I think within our enterprise growth, sequentially this quarter we saw 11% growth in our EX Switch product line, selling to the enterprise. You mentioned in Q4 we had a 1% growth in the enterprise. But we saw a 50% growth overall in our EX Switch revenue from Q3 to Q4. And much of that was driven by service providers that were investing in that switch solution for managed services for enterprise. So at the end of the day, sometimes the revenue whether it's delivered to a managed services solution or delivered to an on-premise enterprise customer can get landed in either enterprise or service provider. But overall, I think that the proposition we have for enterprise datacenter computing and this new architectural paradigm is unique and it resonates with customers. I think the proposition that we have around Junos and automation through Junos Space allows customers to dramatically reduce the operating expenses associated with networking. And I think when it comes to unique solutions such as branch, we've got an integrated routing, switching, security platform at the SRX that does well. And going forward, you say, what can we do –
Kevin Johnson: Yes, tactically what do we do to accelerate? Well, I think right now as we are focused on these set of industry verticals to get landmark wins which we are feeding into our marketing campaign and you see now that some of the ads that we are running, we are highlighting customers who are now running their enterprise networks on Juniper. I think this is an opportunity. As we go into Q2, we will increase some of our focus on deeper engagement with the channel and we are going to put some more resources behind enterprise sales and marketing, really looking at capturing a larger share of this growing opportunity that we see unfolding in the second half of this year.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, let me just add to that. I mean, if you look at the $950 million midpoint on guidance and you sort of model a 2% to 3% upside growth quarter-on-quarter for SP and 8% to 9% on enterprise, you very quickly get to about the $950 million. And across the product sets, certainly we sell EX products, SRX products, and MX routers to service providers and we sell those products to enterprise customers. I would expect all of those product areas to grow sequentially in that guidance. Now, certainly there is – the range of plus or minus $20 million means there is certainly some upside and some downside depending on timing. Most of that is timing of service provider orders. And so there could be some upside on the $950 million depending on the timing of those orders. Likewise, there could be some downside. But if you just model at the midpoint of $950 million, you'll get about a 2% to 3% on service provider, 8% to 9% on enterprise and that gets you close to the $950 million.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, thanks for your questions, John. First of all, I think that anytime we've got a strong value proposition and certainly the architectural disruption in the datacenter and really transforming the architecture of datacenters of the future, I think that creates product pull across the product line, not just for the EX, but for our entire portfolio in the enterprise. And I think we are seeing that a bit today as we've seen growth in our MX, SRX, and EX product lines and a complete solution focused on enterprise customers. And I think the Stratus Project is just going to reinforce that and strengthen that. So the answer to the – to your first question is yes. I think that creates – if we execute well on that, we've got a strong value proposition, which I believe we do. I think that creates more pull for the overall portfolio of offerings and solutions we have in the enterprise. Your second question then is, do you – do we see this type of consolidation in mega datacenters and things affecting or impacting service providers and certainly if you look at the architecture of next-generation central offices and pops, certainly we think the architectural focus we have to help reduce the cost footprint and help those service providers consolidate some of those assets on a high performance network, that creates opportunity for us. And that opportunity does not require us to get into the access business. That's an opportunity that I think is very complementary to the access solutions that they have in place today.John Marchetti – Cowen and Company: Thank you.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, thanks for your question, Brian. First of all, keep in mind, our relationship with IBM, they resell Juniper Networks systems and they have an OEM version of the systems that they can sell as well. And so the way I look at is really how are we doing in the combination of what they resell plus the OEM systems that they are selling. And on that total number, we are pleased with this quarter and continued progress with IBM. There is obviously more work that we are working hard together on, but they continue to demonstrate progress in helping enable this route to market. That said, the mix between OEM and resell is not really the relevant issue. It's how we are working closely with the IBM field team and their services organization to deliver the right solution to their customers and we continue to make progress there. Certainly, we announced I think last October the relationship with Dell and the OEM relationship. I think we are – we are working on that and I think we've got a lot – made a lot of progress with Dell. I would expect that will be released probably – it might be the first couple of weeks in July, later June-ish, but it's kind of near the end of this quarter, early next quarter that we are on track to enable that offering with Dell.
