Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks for the question, Jeff. I'll take the first one then hand over to Robyn. 2012 year-to-date through Q3, the addressable -- total addressable market for routing had actually declined by about 3 percentage points. Yet at the same time, traffic continues to grow. And we had a service provider customer event in early December and just confirmed with our customers that certainly, traffic was continuing to grow through that period. And what that means then is overall, the service providers are running their networks hotter. And so it's a matter of time when they cycle through and say, "Okay, now it's time to make new capital investments in routing infrastructure either to, a, modernize those networks or, b, add capacity to them." And I think based on the set of projects that we're engaged in and have been awarded, combined with the uptick we saw in Q3 on service provider routing spending, I think that's an indicator that I think we're about to enter a better cycle for routing spend, which leads to our view that we think this is an opportunity for growth in 2013. I'll remind you, it's still early and it still varies by geography, but we had a very strong quarter with our U.S. Tier 1 service providers and we've got a good base of wins in both Europe and Asia Pacific. So we'll see how things play out. But I think if history repeats itself, it looks like we're on that kind of cycle. Let me ask Rami if he wants to add anything to that as well.
Kevin R. Johnson: Absolutely, they're taking the full solution. We also had -- I commented that we had over 130 net new incremental QFabric customers and a wave of full fabric deployments. So certainly, a portion of those were -- all of the lease were known customers and there's a wave of full fabric deployments as well.
Kevin R. Johnson: I don't have that number, Ehud. I -- we just looked at it sort of once at the release that micro fabric came out, what was the impact on that. So I apologize, I don't have that number in front of me.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, and on the second part of your question, Simona, let me address it. I think as Robyn mentioned, a large service provider in China, we had a big project that completed in Q3, and so that created a comparable from Q3, and we continue to drive opportunities in China. And service provider spending will be lumpy as it is in other customers as they start, stop projects, but the service provider sector overall, we think the trend of a more prude spending cycle will continue to unfold. In U.S. federal segment, I think that -- as U.S. federal has been a customer set that's been down in 2012, and certainly, was down in Q4. And given the situation that our U.S. government is dealing with whether it's the fiscal cliff, the debt ceiling, the budget, I don't anticipate that becoming more clear anytime soon. But we will all see.
Kevin R. Johnson: Let me just -- I'll just kick it off, but I'll let Rami add to this. I think if you just look at the Infonetics share data on routing, Q1 of 2012 was a bottom point. And sequentially, since Q1, Q2 and Q3, we've gained very modest amount of share, but we've been gaining share slightly. We'll see what the numbers play out for Q4. And Rami, I'll let you kind of share your perspective on the product side and the different areas of network that we feel we've got good strength and position to gain share.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, and your first question, Mark, I think I would sort of highlight 4 things that I think are important and relevant in the question of how we stimulate demand, how we go about creating opportunities for us to grow share in a market that on the service provider side, should be improving throughout the year. The first is we've got to start with great products. And I think when we look at our routing portfolio, I think we feel like not only have we introduced great new products, but we've enhanced our existing product set, enhanced them with new features that Rami made, and fundamentally, we've improved quality of those products as well. So I think when we look at everything from what we're doing in core routing to Edge routing to the access and aggregation layers of routing, we feel like we've got a very, very compelling portfolio and one that is just stronger today than it was a year ago. And you look then across our switching fabric portfolio and with continued focus on that, we continue to see growth opportunities, and certainly in the areas of security, we have a very strong service provider security business. And we've acknowledged there were some gaps, competitive gaps in our enterprise security portfolio that we've been closing. So I think in all dimensions of the product setting, we've strengthened our product sets. So it's got to start with great products. Number two, we look at our key accounts, our largest customers. We've really focused on how we execute well and deepening those relationships with those key accounts. And that's where the work that we've been doing to win a number of these projects and really align the value that we're bringing to those accounts with the strategy that they're on. We think we've deepened those relationships, and it's been shown in our customer satisfaction surveys. We just finished our customer sat survey at the end of 2012, and overall satisfaction with Juniper is up; overall satisfaction with the quality of account management, up; product quality, up; service and support, up. So we've really engaged in a deeper way, and we're seeing good results from that. The third then is our partners. We just hosted our Global Partner Conference last week in Las Vegas. We has over 1,000 people live at the event and over 2,000 attending via webcast, and continuing to educate and arm our partners with the information they need to go grow their business and do it based on Juniper technology. I think we had a very, very, very good event and a lot of very positive energy there. And so when I look at it, those are kind of 3 examples of things that we're very focused on, and all those things come down to excellence and execution and how we're focused on both the innovation agenda and the go-to-market agenda and just executing better. And that's going to help us.
Rami Rahim: Sure. Yes, I would agree with that, Kevin. If you -- in talking to many of our customers throughout the quarter, I would say that a lot of the usual trends that we've been seeing are going to start to impact them in 2013 around just dealing with capacity, the results from video traffic, as well as convergence. I mean our operators are looking for ways to simplify their networks, to collapse networks and just reduce the OpEx of running those networks. And I do think that some of those investment cycles that Kevin talked about throughout 2013 are going to play out.
Rami Rahim: Sure. Yes, I mean that's essentially right. The service provider component of switching tends to be lumpy because it depends on fewer number of orders from fewer customers. So that's what we saw happening in Q4. The other thing that's just worthwhile reiterating is simply that we've been introducing new functionality to our QFabric product. In fact, we introduced a new version of our QFabric, which is the -- what we call the micro fabric, the smaller version which we've seen hit the sweet spot in the market. And as a result of that, we've seen an increase in the number of customers and greater adoption of that product in the switching market.
Rami Rahim: I can weigh in a bit on the T4000 question. We definitely saw in Q4 that there was a bias of investment by service providers towards the Edge. And this is -- if you look at the investment drivers in the Edge in the quarter, they differ somewhat. In the quarter, it's really all about capacity. So operators will tend to defer investment until they actually hit the capacity constraint. In the Edge, it's about capacity, but it's also about just connectivity, it's also about services. What we saw in Q4 that the Edge drivers were much stronger than the core driver. And for that reason, there was, in fact, a decline in T4000 upgrades overall. Now if you'll look out into 2013, we expect that because of the fact that networks are running hotter, and eventually, the constraint or the bottlenecks in the network will start to move from Edge to core, that will start to be a driver for upgrades in T4000 and also a driver for adoption of the PTX as well.
Rami Rahim: Sure. So in routing, 2 primary areas, I would say, first is -- and both in the service provider, first in the Edge, the other one in the core. In the Edge, it's really all about execution towards our Universal Edge strategy that we have been working on for the last several years, in fact. We continually enhance the feature set of our MX product such that it delivers new and interesting offerings that satisfy our customers' requirements. So that puts it into different applications like business services, residential services and increasingly, mobile services. And as you also know in the Edge, one of the things that we did in 2012 was that we complemented our Edge offering with an end-to-end solution for mobile backhaul and Universal Access. So all of these, I think, are going to be big drivers for us in 2013. In the core as well, I would say that we have a very rich offering right now with the PTX sort of as a disruptive play for transport. T Series has a really nice investment protection play to increase the capacity of existing T Series deployments especially. And also the introduction of the MX 2020 that we are, this quarter, that will essentially give us a bit of a different approach of an all-out services approach for Edge, core and aggregation. So I think we've got a really rich set of offerings in the core as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, and just let me talk about OpEx. So as I guided in the prepared remarks, OpEx is $515 million plus or minus $5 million for the Q1 period of time. I want to remind you that Q1 is where we see an increase typically in OpEx around FICO and variable compensation for employees. I also said in my prepared remarks that we are largely complete with our employee actions, but we are continuing in terms of facilities and the other actions that we have around cost structure. So my view is we're well on track to achieve the cost targets that we've talked about previously.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, and in terms of OpEx, Tal, I did talk about the overall targets that we have for the full year in terms of taking out OpEx. Those percentages still apply. I talked about 75%, 80% in OpEx and the rest of it in cost of goods sold. And I'll reiterate. You can see that the headcount is down net about 350 at the end of the year. That -- we did previously talk about notifying about 500 heads. So there are still some that were onboard at the end of December, so some will come out in the third quarter. But largely, the headcount action has been taken. Obviously, not all the cost savings are in there that's reflected in the $515 million guidance that I've given you for the first quarter. Things that we will see that actually will reduce OpEx as we move forward are some of the facilities and other related cost actions, some of which are in the COGS areas I've mentioned before around supply chain activities, that type of thing. But overall, we're very comfortable with actions we've taken. They're the right actions. They do help us with our agility, our focus and our state as a company, as well as taking out costs and aligning the cost structure to our long-term model.
Robyn M. Denholm: We -- I haven't called out that number in terms of what's left to be done. You can see by the guidance that there's a significant reduction. Typically, what we see in the first quarter is an increase in expenditure to do with variable comp and the FICO, et cetera. So you can expect some additional decline from the 15 -- $515 million number.
Robyn M. Denholm: So in terms of the backlog, as I mentioned, the backlog was up again sequentially. That's the third quarter in a row it reached $410 million for the quarter, so it's up nicely at 17% sequentially and 37% year-over-year. And clearly, in any quarter, a significant proportion of our backlog is always routing. So we were happy with the bookings in the quarter. As Rami mentioned before, we talked about a very good MX quarter in terms of revenue. There are deployments happening on the Edge, and that's a good indicator for us in terms of the demand environment.
Robyn M. Denholm: So in terms of the overall margin, Rod, let me talk about that. And then I'll let Rami talk about the T4000. So in terms of PSD margin and SSD, clearly, volume has a big amount to play with those overall contribution margins. We saw a surge in revenue as you saw from the numbers in terms of PSD, given that routing is up, et cetera. And obviously, with the high-end SRX decline quarter-over-quarter, which we were expecting because of the service provider deployment, that actually weighs on the overall revenue being down for SSD, and therefore, the contribution margin. So if I up-level the discussion, you talked about gross margins, the gross margins in the quarter were healthy. They were actually better than we expected, and I mentioned that in the prepared remarks. That was primarily the result of 2 factors. One was mix was better. We did see a good uptick in MX in the quarter. And then the second factor was the services gross margin. That was actually a very good gross margin for them given their execution in the quarter, and also the result of some of the cost reductions that we've been focused on in that area. So the 2 factors combined increased the gross margin from our guidance for the fourth quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: Okay. Thanks, Brian. I'll talk about gross margins. So in terms of the absolute gross margins between T and MX and routing, in particular, versus switching and security, go back to the SAM slide that I put on gross margins. We made good margins on routing and security. Obviously, switching is slightly lower, QFabric is higher. So it's not a reflection of our expected demand for T4000. We obviously, when I was talking about switching, I gave you the bookings mix versus the revenue mix. So the book, they obviously -- the overall mix of switching in the quarter for Q4 was lower than we've seen. So that had a positive impact, if you like, to mix in terms of the gross margin factors. But overall, the gross margins are healthy. We're happy with where we are in terms of our long-term model range. Obviously, we called that range out in June as well at 63% to 66%, and 2 quarters in a row, different factors, but we're in that 65% range, which we're comfortable with. In the next quarter, volume clearly plays a role in our gross margin. So given the revenues down quarter-over-quarter, you would expect to have an impact on the gross margins just related to that volume drop quarter-over-quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: So, Simona, in terms of the deferred revenue, it wasn't software that we recognized, it was actually systems. So it was in the PSD area, largely in routing. And that's -- the features that we're talking about were releases of Junos with the features that caused the deferral in the first place, if you like, in terms of commitments on those features. So thank you for the clarification. It was the systems revenue that actually the deferral came from.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. Thank you, Ittai. So in terms of the second question around the order patterns and that type of things, I called out the orders for switching because obviously, that was a different pattern to revenue, so I always want to give you insight into where those patterns are different. So in the fourth quarter, we did see strong orders as I mentioned before. In terms of the third quarter, there was nothing unusual about the third quarter, otherwise I would have called that out. And so our view is it is an important data point for you to have in terms of the bookings versus the revenue in the quarter. And as we've mentioned earlier in response to another question, it is different -- was different by enterprise versus service provider. We saw good sequential increase in enterprise revenue. So that is on that question. In terms of the split between the different product families within switching, we have not broken that out on the call and it's not the right time for us to do that. At some point in the future, we may do that, but not today.
Robyn M. Denholm: So, Mark, in terms of the dividend, we're not announcing a dividend. We would tell you if we were announcing a dividend. We're not doing that at some point. Obviously, our cash flows are strong, and we've had opportunistic repurchases over the last few quarters to bring the share count down and also obviously return capital to shareholders at the right time. So our point of view in terms of -- we have a prudent capital allocation strategy that balances our growth agenda, both organic and inorganic. And our M&A strategy has not changed. We'll continue to do technology tuck-ins over time, and then also our repurchase program. So the 3 things are our capital allocation program.
