Kevin R. Johnson: I'll go ahead and take that, Robyn. Let me just comment on some of the trends, Brian, that we see unfolding. First, I think clearly, there's a shift of CapEx from wireline to wireless. And when we look at that shift, fundamentally, that plays into the architectural approach that we put together. Architecturally, when we look at that shift from wireline to wireless, we believe customers -- certainly, there'll be a wave of investment around radio access networks, but then as things come to the packet-switched network, we believe in Fixed Mobile Convergence, so the unified Edge, which basically is what we architected the MX 3D to do -- was to be able to handle both the wireline and wireless side. And so with that shift from wireline to wireless, we think that starts to play into the architectural value proposition that we have about helping customers collapse multiple networks into a single unified Edge, which gives them better economics in terms of carrying that traffic.  In addition to that shift, there's also the trend that I think you see with Service Providers where they're much more closely looking at the level of CapEx relative to revenue generation. And this is something, too, that over the last 3 years we've predicted as customers look at their revenues streams and start to map the level of investment required to drive that revenue, they're looking for efficiencies and efficient use of capital. We believe that, too, plays to our value proposition, whether it's on the Edge with the unified Edge or whether it's in the core or whether it's in the Converged Supercore. And so with that market shift, we think it plays to several things that have been a core part of our strategy over the last few years, as we've built these architectures and products. Now the question is, if you think about going through the year, when and how will CapEx unfold?  First, I'll just remind you that the packet-switched networking component of CapEx is a small percentage of the total Service Provider CapEx. I do believe that in talking to many customers, certainly a combination of the uncertainty related to the European sovereign debt situation, and the implication that has on financial services and the implication that has on access to capital is one of the reasons, I think, that Service Providers are being somewhat perhaps more cautious in the levels of capital expenditures, but they're also being more mindful of how those capital expenditures are aligned behind their revenue generation. So I think we're going to have to wait and see how the macroeconomic situation unfolds, and our approach is going to be consistent with what we've done in the past, is to remain very agile as we see that unfold, yet staying true to our strategy. Because we believe we have the right strategy that plays to the value proposition these customers need and are looking for, and we're going to have to just be agile as we work through the time period and see how these things start to pick up.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I'll just add on the question you had about the PTX, Ehud. Look most of the PTX deals that we're working on, fundamentally the PTX and Converged Supercore, it collapses multiple layers of the network. It doesn't replace the core. And so most of the deals we're working on have T Series for the core MX and the PTX, as we're working with customers. So I don't anticipate that the PTX is a product line the cannibalizes the core. What it does is it now extends the core and allows that core network to be able to collapse multiple networks into a single point with the PTX.
Kevin R. Johnson: I'll just sort of punctuate that point, Robyn. First of all, the innovation agenda we're driving creates differentiation, which our strategy is to sell the value in the differentiation we have. That said, we are very aware of the competitive dynamics, and our sales teams are very focused on customer situations. And if we see areas where competitors are getting more aggressive on price, we may decide to be surgical in a certain customer deal or two. But I think as Robyn commented this quarter, we didn't see broad levels of discounting taking place. But I just want to comment that from a competitive standpoint, we will sell our value, and we're going to be very focused on the customer and the competitive dynamics in that account. And if we need to use price surgically, we will consider and be thoughtful about how to do that.
Kevin R. Johnson: Well, first of all, I think the market trends -- long-term market trends that we start with would be those of mobile Internet and Cloud computing. In fact, the traffic driven by those market trends continues to grow. That's point number one. Point number two is the transition of how to carry that traffic to packet-switched networking. So the packet-switched networking is a subset of the total capital expenditures of these customers. And then number three, you look at the fact that customers are trying to get more efficiency out of the investment in CapEx, which in order to get that efficiency, we believe very strongly it's a combination of the architectural approach that we've taken with the new network and the innovation that we put into our products. So we think that, number one, the long-term demand trends remain strong; number two, the customer trend and desire to get CapEx more aligned with their revenue is going to make the architectural approach and innovation we're delivering more valuable to them; and number three, I think it's going to come down to how well we compete in the market to earn those opportunities. I do think that there will be places where there will be surgical action taken on price, but I think overall, we feel like we've got differentiation in technology, and that comes from our investment in R&D. And so we've got to lead with that value. And then at the same time, look, we're very aware of the market situation. We're very aware of customers, and we are playing offense. So we'll see how things unfold.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. Just to add to that, the macroeconomic situation, I think, in the Enterprise has some implications in financial services. And I think if you look at the financial services sector, you see some of the implications there. And we saw some of those customers push some of the deals out of Q4 into Q1, so there's some question of will they push again from Q1 to Q2, depending on how things unfold in Europe. So there's a little bit of factoring that into the seasonal decline that we normally see in Enterprise from a Q4 to Q1.  The other factor is in Q4 of 2011, we had a very strong quarter in Federal, which was very unusual. Typically in U.S. Federal, you have your bigger quarter in Q3 and then things decline in Q4, so we had a big federal quarter in Q4, which question is, is that repeatable then in Q1? So there's a couple other things that I think were factored in as we looked at the Q4 to Q1 guide. And then for the Service Providers, as they're shifting to wireless, oftentimes -- it depends customer by customer, but oftentimes, they put a lot of capital first into the radio access network in the access side. And as they do that, that's part of what then allows them to start to generate more traffic from smartphones, tablets, and as they go to LTE even significantly more traffic. And then as that cycle works through, then it puts more traffic demands on the Edge and core of the networks, and that's where we play. So some of this is timing as the wireless investments are made and as that traffic pattern builds up. So those are a couple other factors that were part of the thinking on the guidance.
Kevin R. Johnson: I'll take the first one, Robyn, and then let you handle the second one. Yes, Jeff, the approach we're taking is very consistent to the approach we've taken over the last 3.5 years or so as we work through the economic ups and downs of the situations we've managed through over this 3.5-year period. Certainly, our view is this becomes, after Q1, an opportunity for us to continue to grow and, as Robyn commented, improve on operating margins from Q1. And so certainly if we continue to see lower revenue levels, then that's going to prompt us to be much -- to continue to be very thoughtful about what we're doing on the operating expense side. But I think when we look at the product portfolio and when we look at the full year, I think we're going to -- I think we're set up in the right way. We're delivering on the set of products that we've had in the pipeline. But certainly as we see how Q1 unfolds and as we move into Q2, we're going to be very agile and thoughtful in our cost allocation.
Kevin R. Johnson: Let me first comment on your question about market share. And the data point I look at -- we had very, very strong Q1 and Q2 on our router business. In fact, if you look at year-to-date through Q3 -- year-to-date through Q3, our router business was up year-on-year about 19%, and the Infonetics data showed that addressable market was up about 11%. Now certainly we have to see how all the router market gets reported for Q4 and factor that in, but year-to-date through Q3, we were -- routing business was up 19% and addressable market up 11%. So we'll see how that unfolds for Q4, but that's part of -- the thesis is we're watching -- as we're watching this unfold, we had a big cycle, some big deployments in Q1, Q2, then certainly midyear 2011, the concerns about European sovereign debt and some of the other thing started to, perhaps, have some implications in the industry, and we'll see as the data comes out for Q4.  Second part of your question is around M&A, and I think clearly we continue to drive a strategy that organic R&D is our primary value-creation strategy. We will continue to complement that with acquisitions. And we wanted to focus on acquisitions that are complementary to the R&D strategy, that give us some how synergies in terms of the solution or the technology, the value that we're delivering to customers. And I think over the last 2 years, we've done 6 or 7 different acquisitions that would be characterized probably more as tuck-ins, things that were smaller that had intellectual property and some number of headcount and talent in a certain area. And it was intellectual property that was very complementary to things that we were doing in our overall organic R&D strategy.  So I think we feel good about the architectural approach that we're taking to market and the different domains of networking that we're participating in. We feel good about this wave of new products. And we're going to always be mindful of what M&A we could do to complement our organic R&D. But I still think that the focus we have is driving an innovation agenda that comes from the talented people that are inventing new architectures and new ways to solve complex problems for our customers.
Kevin R. Johnson: I think the -- on the 10% customer, one of the strategies we articulate is that we are diversifying the customer base. And that's a strategy as much about Service Providers as it is about Enterprise. And we've expanded our go-to-market model in the Service Provider sector, where we are now reaching out to -- with our partners and others to a larger number of Service Providers -- smaller Service Providers, the Tier 3 Service Providers that still make a significant amount of investments in our technology. And so that customer diversification and Service Provider, combined with our growth in the Enterprise and our diversification in the Enterprise, is the reason we have not seen a 10% customer last year. And it's possible we would have a 10% customer this year, but it's probably not a likely scenario. But we'll see how that unfolds.  In terms of QFabric, and your question about the strong results that we had in switching and fabric, I'll give you a little perspective. We released the QFabric nodes in Q2 -- or in late Q1, basically, and started selling in Q2, and then we released the QFabric Interconnect and Director in Q3, late Q3. So Q4 was the first full quarter that we had the nodes Interconnect and Director available for customer and customers. And that roadmap was all as planned and what we communicated when we announced QFabric. So through Q4 and Q4, we had over 100 customers of QFabric that, at a minimum, had purchased QFabric nodes. And a certain subset of those customers have purchased and are deploying the full QFabric systems. We are very focused on working with those customers to ensure that they have a great customer experience and great early success as they adopt QFabric.  And strategically, that's important because those customers that have great success, they certainly are willing and enjoy talking to other customers, and it's having those customer references where we can take a customer to go see another customer's implementation of QFabric, hear directly from them, the success that they're having and the good results that they're getting from it, that is in turn creating more interest and more pipeline. The increased pipeline in interest is generating now a lot of energy from our partners. We hosted our Global Partner Conference last week, and we had record attendance at the Global Partner Conference. And in many cases, these are partners that -- some of them are new partners to Juniper and some of them have a significant business and networking today. And one of the big areas of interest for them is being able to grow their business and expand their business with new innovation like QFabric. So we're in the cycle right now where, I think, the demand in the pipeline is growing. And right now we're having to focus on how to build skills. I think now the pipeline and demand is growing at a rate, at a pace where the concern is, are we now building enough skills and capabilities in our partner channel and certainly with the teams in the field that are working with customers to be able to continue to service that demand? So that gives you a little bit of color, a little bit of background on what we're seeing with QFabric.
Kevin R. Johnson: Let me take your question, Rod. First of all, I'll just remind you the comment I made on the earlier question. Year-to-date through Q3, our routing revenue had grown 19% versus Infonetics' estimate of the addressable market growing 11%. We'll have to see what the Q4 numbers come out. I do suspect that with the T4000 releasing and the decline that we had in T Series, we may see in the quarter that there was some share loss short-term in the quarter on T Series as we are preparing to ship the T4000.  On the MX, the MX grew, and so I think on the Edge, I think, we probably are in a different situation on the Edge relative to the core. So we'll have to wait and see how those numbers come out. But I think, overall, we feel good about the product portfolio. We feel good about the value proposition. And the earlier comment I made, we are being very aware of pricing actions and what competitors are doing in specific accounts. And with the big router business and specific accounts, it's an account-by-account opportunity for us to be thoughtful about the value proposition and the set of things we're doing in that account. If we need to be surgical on price for certain things, we certainly are open, and we'll be very thoughtful about doing that.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I'll just -- a couple of thoughts, and it kind of links back to routers as well. Certainly with the T4000, I think, we said there'll be some revenue recognition late Q1, most likely Q2 with the PTX shipping late in Q1. I think with -- when it comes to core routing and the Converged Supercore, that's really a Q2 through Q4 revenue opportunity for us, which we believe allows us to continue to build on our Q1 revenue streams. And the second point that Robyn made, I think, is very important, which is we look to expand operating margins from our Q1 -- this Q1 base as we go throughout the year, which is a function of a view that we are going to see growth improving as we go forward. And if the volatility in the market or some other reasons indicate that that's not happening, we're going to be very thoughtful and agile on our operating expenses as we've done in the past.
Robyn M. Denholm: I'll start with that question and, Kevin, if you want to add anything, please feel free to do so. So in terms of the guidance, we've taken the same approach to our guidance for the first quarter as we typically do. Obviously we always look to refine the approach and improve it and make sure that we're looking at different things from a process perspective, but the philosophy and the approach to the first quarter guidance is consistent with what we've done previously. In terms of how we're looking at things, as we said in the prepared remarks, the demand fundamentals for the markets that we serve are absolutely intact. We continue to see progress in terms of things that are driving the demand for the new network. Our view is that for the first quarter, Service Providers are going to continue to be cautious in their CapEx spending, and we also typically see a seasonal decline from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in our Enterprise business as well. So that is what we're projecting for the first quarter in terms of guidance.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. And in terms of the DSO. The DSO was very consistent with last year in terms of the Q4 DSO. It was up sequentially in terms of the third to fourth quarter, but very consistent with what we've seen in prior Q4 DSO trends.
Robyn M. Denholm: I'll answer the first part of the question, and then Kevin can add to that. In terms of the conversion of book-to-bill, yes, the book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.0, so equal to revenue for product book-to-bill. We did have a sequential increase in product-deferred revenue, a slight increase of about 3%. We have grown the backlog. The same phenomena that we had last quarter in terms of the proportion being out. One quarter did not occur in the fourth quarter, so it was a one-quarter phenomenon in the third quarter. So we left the fiscal year of 2011 with a more normal proportion for the first quarter than we would have had if the year was ending at the end of Q3. So the backlog is healthy in terms of our first quarter, the deferred revenue balances are essentially flat year-over-year, and a slight sequential increase from the third to fourth quarter. So in terms of the Q1 demand environment, as we said in our prepared remarks, we are expecting the cautious nature of the Service Provider orders to continue into the first quarter. Obviously with the book-to-bill of 1, you can calculate how many orders we got in the fourth quarter for products. So our view is that continues through the first quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, let me just talk about Q1. In terms of our Q1, we obviously have backlog coming into the first quarter. We did have some of those orders, actually, in the third quarter, as we talked about on the third quarter call. All of those orders are going forward. There isn't any change in that. The booking rate in the fourth quarter as it relates to the book-to-bill for product being 1 was obviously slower than the third quarter. So -- and our view is the rate of orders from the Service Providers are going to continue in terms of their cautious view around CapEx for the first quarter. That is principally the reason for the reduction in terms of the guidance that we put out there on the Service Provider side.  On the Enterprise side, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we typically see a sequential decline between the fourth and first quarters each year. We're expecting that for the first quarter. And so when you combine a sequential decline for Service Provider and a sequential decline for Enterprise, we get the guidance that we've put out there.
