Kathleen Nemeth: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Here on the call are Shaygan Kheradpir, Chief Executive Officer; and Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial and Operations Officer. Also with us is Rami Rahim, Executive Vice President, Juniper Development and Innovation, who will be available for the Q&A portion of the call. Please remember when listening to today’s call that statements concerning Juniper’s business outlook, economic and market outlook, strategy, future financial operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including economic conditions generally or within the networking industry, changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers and major customers, the network capacity requirements of service providers, the timing of orders and shipments, manufacturing and supply chain constraints, variation in the mix of products sold, customer perception and acceptance of our products, rapid technological and market change, litigation, the potential impact of activities related to the execution of Juniper’s integrated operating plan, and other factors listed in our most recent 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC. All statements made during this call are made only as of today. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update the information in this conference call in the event facts or circumstances change after the date of the call. For purposes of today's discussion, we will also review non-GAAP results. For important commentary on why our management team considers non-GAAP information a useful view of the company's financial results, please consult the press release furnished with our 8-K filed with the SEC today. For the detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results, please see the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that today’s call is scheduled to last for one hour and please limit your questions to one per firm. With that, I'll turn the call over to Shaygan.
Kathleen Nemeth: Jess this is Kathleen just to answer your question specifically we do expect overall 2014 revenue to be up this year.
Kathleen Nemeth: Okay. All right, thanks Amitabh. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today. That is all the time that we have. We appreciate your excellent questions and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Hi Tal, this is Shaygan, good afternoon. On your first question on drilling into Pulse, I am going to ask Robyn to sort of go through the numbers and then we’ll take the second one.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Thanks Robyn and Tal on your second question, I would say that we continue to take share on both switching and routing. And as you mentioned before on security this year the stabilization phase, if you look at our numbers this quarter if you normalize for the one time from last year at this time on routing, routing was up 14%, switching was up 24%. We are taking share and we continue to do significant enhancements at both product lines. For the balance of the year, we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we have a couple of U.S. service providers with whom we are very close at all levels and in continuous dialog. Because of their market environment and what they need to do, they are risk sequencing and that's going to impact some of the timing of our programs as we were working with them. We are -- the growth drivers, our product positioning, we are very encouraged by both and overall for our 2015, we have an overall constructive view of where we are heading. So overall, we feel good about our product positioning and our market positioning. And I think this quarter's growth and growth year-to-date for both routing, switching and I would also say even though in security we are tuning in now heavily to our SRX space, Junos space products, it has respectable growth of 9% year-over-year. So, we feel good. Thank you very much.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Hi Simona, this is Shaygan. I will pass the question to Robyn. I will just say about Pulse, two second. Pulse is a good asset. The issue is it's not in line with our strategy which is very much focused on cloud build or High-IQ and how those markets are shaping. And we want to really focus our security line around growth where the markets are going and very strong in. So with that I am going to pass to Robyn to take the question on Pulse.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Thanks Ehud. There is I think four or five questions there, so I'll punch them some quickly and I’ll have Robyn and Rami also chime in if they want. So on SRX, as we have pivoted to Junos Space SRX security line, obviously this is a cloud builder High-IQ service provider carrier grave kind of firewalls. And the sales of that obviously is more lumpy than I would say your grandfather’s firewall in normal branches and stuff. So you will obviously see lumpiness in those sales just because of the nature of what we are selling which is very, very high end. On Contrail we are very happy and encouraged with the progress is that we are very early in the game obviously and it’s all about design wins holistically for clouds be it private clouds or public clouds infrastructure as a service and so forth and so on. So they started this just last year, late last year they have a large number of talks proof of concepts, they have pivoted now from talks making those go into production and the funnel keeps growing on talks. And they are being very deliberate on these wins because they are big they are sophisticated and we have to get them right and we are doing that. The other two questions were Robyn and Rami.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Hi Trevor this is Shaygan. We are very committed to security. Point number one, I went through in my prepared remarks of the logic behind that behind our SRX based security which we think is very differentiated and it’s a very critical element of cloud builder and high IQ networks. I don’t want to repeat what I said in my script but you can go it, I think we’ve laid it out very nicely, quickly know what is going to buy cloud with the big giant hole on the side. So that’s why it’s critical for there. It’s critical for our service provider customers which are even with our increasing diversity of our revenues as you can see, they’re still very material customers. And in their transition to LTE and NFV it is an absolute critical component for their transitions and it works seamlessly with MX and Contrail as hand in glove. And finally if you come into our labs and see the amount of commonality in terms of componentry Silicon, Chassis, of course Junos software they are all, I would, I think leverage engineering is now doesn't quite do justice too, it's a lot of commonality. And now that all three switching, routing and security are under our JDI organization that's led by Rami, we expect growth to pick-up over to medium and long-term on our security, the logic is very sound and impeccable and pick-up profitably because of the natural synergies that exists between these product lines.  So yeah, we are very committed to SRX based security products and actually very encouraged to the medium to long-term prospects for the rationale that I went through. Thank you.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes. Mark again very quickly. As you have managed the business very closely and very prudently, and very focused we continue as a matter of course continue to always look at our portfolio to make sure that they are aligned with our strategy point number one, which is the one you have stated which is IOP which is cloud that there are High-IQ which is around growth and profitable growth that matters to our customers we continue to do that. As a matter of course we talked about Pulse this was one of them that didn’t fit our (inaudible) charts and we took action. So that’s just been normal course of our business and now that we have a very clear strategy that we have tested over and over again, internally, externally I just came back with 70 partners and customers, it’s just a very vivid that this is where the world is going and what we are doing is exactly right. So we have the right filter to balance that upon. The second question is it’s about we are also very committed to our IOP targets and I reemphasized that so you should rest assured there. And I think our track record so far should give you some comfort that we know how to land the IOP targets. And the last question was…
Shaygan Kheradpir: And thank you Robyn. And Mark, the last point is IOP is all about focusing on where the market is going and profitable growth. So all the actions we are taking is actually putting our best engineers, our best go-to-market people very focused around areas of growth and strengthening those. So, as we’ve said before this is not a slash and burn kind of a project. It's very surgical, very focused, we are -- the thing we just did with Pulse and some of the best engineers and so forth and so on. We all focusing them on the growth of security and SRX based products as opposed to in a wide spectrum of things which we may have net prospects for growth. So, we feel very good about our strategy and feel very good about our focus on the product line, our level of talent where the products are going, very excited about the pipeline and very extremely happy with the level of customer engagements, the way I described in my prepared remarks in terms of going deep with them on the strategic customers and strategic partners. This is what IOP is all about. And the good news is when you focus, you also eliminate unnecessary cost. This is what we're doing and we're committed to all of the above. Thank you.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Hi Amitabh, this is Shaygan. I think the answer to your first question, quick answer is yes it is those couple of U.S. based service providers for very specific market reasons in their markets and dynamics that have impacted their second half. I will now hand it to Robyn to take the rest.
Robyn Denholm: Yeah so in the slide deck, that’s on our website we have provided the data for the last six quarters, so you can see the Junos Pulse revenues for the quarter Q2 of ‘14 we did product revenue of 15.9 million which is included in our security product revenue and we also did about $15.5 million worth of services. And as I mentioned the transaction on the Pulse file I will conclude right in third quarter is what we are expecting and so we don’t expect any impact to the revenue in Q3, but you can use the table to model the impact to Q4. Just going back to the other housekeeping question the ScreenOS product revenue for Q2 ‘14 was about $13.2 million which is less than 12% of our total product revenue that compares to previous quarter where it was under 14% at about 18.3%. So it’s dropping off quite significantly from the ScreenOS perspective.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. As Shaygan mentioned, intent of doing strategic review with our portfolio, Pulse was an asset, a good asset but as Shaygan mentioned, not directly in the line with strategic focus of the company. And therefore we have announced the sale of the asset today. It has been mildly accretive for us over the years in terms of the overall P&L but given the focus of the company and the intent to return on investment, we’ve decided that that’s an asset that with better in the hands of the another entity to look after it.
Robyn Denholm: So I can answer the question. One thing I wanted to underscore on the SRX Ehud, so you are right it is lumpy and Q1 we did have a deployment in the service provider area and so that is one of the reasons why we saw the sequential decline in SRX based products. In terms of Web 2.0 and cable they did drive the growth in the Americas both sequentially and to some extent year-over-year and as Shaygan mentioned three out of our top five customers as a company are in that Web 2.0 cable sector in the quarter. So they are obviously an important part from a future perspective around the diversification of our revenue. Having said that, obviously our carriers are also very important to us and as we highlighted in the outlook given their size and relevance to our revenue any reduction in their revenue in the near term does have a direct impact on us.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So overall as we said in terms of the outlook we are expecting a down quarter for the third quarter and we are expecting these delays to impact our fourth quarter as well. We do expect on the switching side Shaygan mentioned the routing side, we do expect in switching that in the second half of the year that we will grow that business as well the products in switching area. Just bear in mind the compares that we have as is that look at the second half for us to switching. And on security we expect the same trend that we've seen over the first half that the ScreenOS product will continue to decline and the Junos based SRX platforms will increase over the second half.
Robyn Denholm: Yes sure, just on the planning purposes on the OpEx side in the slide deck we included our charts, obviously we are committed to the 160 in terms of cost reductions exiting Q1 of 2015 as Shaygan mentioned. We have also said that will be less than $500 million for Q1 of 2015 we have just achieved the low end of their range for Q2 in terms of 515 and we have given you guidance for 505 plus or minus 5 for both Q3 and Q4. So, as Shaygan mentioned, we are very committed to the OpEx target and we are doing it in a way that makes it clear that we continue to invest in our long-term future around product development. And yes…. 
Robyn Denholm: Yes, in terms of the OpEx related to Pulse that is included in $160 million of OpEx savings. We had identified this as an area for which we believe that we could save some OpEx and focus the company in terms of the overall strategy that we were focused on.
