Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks for your question, Ehud, I'll take the first question on MobileNext. Certainly, MobileNext, we've made a lot of progress on MobileNext from a feature capability standpoint. And the key enabler that MobileNext drives for us, this gets the MX -- it's one of the services of that can run on the MX to make the MX an established footprint on the edge of the network in the wireless side. And we've seen a lot of adoption of the MX as it's engaged with customers on the wireless side, in the addition to the wireline side. MobileNext will continue to build out new sets of features. I'll let Bob talk a little bit about the new feature capabilities. We're making slow but steady progress on MobileNext. But the key for MobileNext is to establish the MX as a footprint in the wireless, and we're pleased with the progress we're seeing in the MX, and we continue to focus on the work that we're doing with MobileNext. Bob, do you want to comment just briefly on...
Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks for the question, Simona. I'll take the second question and then we'll let Robyn comment on the overall router revenues for expectations. The T4000 is -- as we come out with that product, keep in mind, it's a seamless upgrade to the existing T Series chassis. And what we see customers doing now, we have a number of customers who have purchased and implemented the chassis kit that allows those chassis now to be provisioned to be able to accept both the older T Series line cards, as well as the new T Series, T4000 line cards. And then consistent with the way service providers go, a number of them are going through certification testing and -- in that process. But I think we're pleased with the level of engagement that we've gotten, both with PTX and T4000 in the core. And we're going to continue to stay focused as we work with customers through the certification process and then certainly as they do line card upgrades that presents more opportunity for us.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks, Simona. I think -- it clearly was more U.S.-driven offset by some of the weakness in Europe. And certainty, within the U.S., our Tier 1 Service Provider business performed well in addition to that. So if you look at certain sectors of the U.S. like the cable customers that we engage with, cable did well. There was also a strong performance in U.S. cable providers and it's consistent with the value proposition and the messaging that we have overall in routing. But I'd say, net-wise, it was mainly driven by strength in the U.S. It's a combination of Tier 1, as well as our cable segment, and offset a little bit by some of the weakness in Europe.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. And Mark, I'll take the second part of your question on seasonality. What we see with U.S. Tier 1 service providers, seasonality first half versus second half is returning to sort of the more expected pattern that we saw with the exception of last year. We think second half spending by the Tier 1 service providers in the U.S. will be higher than first half. If you just look at their guided CapEx, something like 46% in the first half, 54% in the second half is what you look at. But if you just take the Tier 1 service providers, they only represent about 25% of the total CapEx globally, and I think the uptick in U.S., I think, is offset by the weakness that we see in Europe and other parts of Asia-Pacific. So the net is I think we're taking a cautious position given the macro environment in Europe and continue to play to our strength with our business in the U.S.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, it's a good question, Mark, and I think we've seen this pattern before. The long-term demand fundamentals of growth in network traffic continue. There's more devices, there's more video, there's more users, there's more data centers, there's just more traffic. So as traffic continues to grow and if there's a slowdown or pause in some of the capital expenditures for routing in the service provider sector, certainly that implies that customers are running their network hotter, and that will be consistent with our view and our engagement with customers. The question will be at what point do they either hit the point where they're running so hot that they need to make the investments, or at what point do the economic conditions for those customers hit the situation where they start to do upgrades and build more capacity in their networks? But the important point, I think, is the long-term demand fundamentals remain intact. Traffic continues to grow, and every customer situation is different. In certain cases, it may be a function of their revenue. In some cases, it's a function of their balance sheet. In some cases, they're being cautious given the economic situation in the country that they reside. But what we're doing is we're being very focused and very connected on -- with those customers to ensure that we're working proactively with them so that when they do start to spend and upgrade and launch new projects, that Juniper is there with a great value proposition and prepared to help them do that.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I'll just add, Jeff, we're not waiting for some of that. We're working on this, and we will get these -- the cost structure in place as soon as practical, and we're trying to be very thoughtful about how we do that, so that we maintain a focus on the priorities we have, which are driving the revenue, top-line revenue, continue to drive the wave of innovation. But gaining these efficiencies, a lot of what Robyn described is through efficiency gains which has to do with process change and underlying systems that get aligned with them. But we aren't waiting. We're moving, and we will get these as soon as practical.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks for the question, Jeff. I think at the Analyst Meeting in early June, Pradeep, Stefan and Bob, I think, shared our view of software-defined networks and our focus on this. We certainly are aligned with the goals and where software-defined network are going. We, I think, at the Analyst Meeting, outlined how we described that 3 years ago with our launch of the concept of the new network. We certainly have been very engaged with the industry and the community as it relates to software-defined networks, and we will continue to stay very engaged in it. I think if you look at the comments that Pradeep made, we're going to continue to be very thoughtful and balanced in terms of what we're doing on the R&D agenda to make sure that we're delivering the best possible solutions to our customers. And certainly, the work we're doing in our switching and fabric business as it relates to data centers is very applicable and very relevant to Nicira and very applicable and relevant to what VMware is doing. That said, we're going to continue to focus on how we can innovate and deliver the best possible solutions to customers in a world of software-defined networks.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, George, I'll give you sort of a quick update on QFabric. I think at the end of our last quarter call, we had mentioned, I think, we had 150 customers running QFabric nodes. In this quarter, in second quarter, we surpassed the 200 customer mark running QFabric nodes. And so we continue to see very good uptake of customers running QFabric nodes, and certainly, we're seeing a growing number of those customers also now purchase and either go through certification or deployment of the full QFabric systems. We announced the -- a new interconnect system called the QFX3000-M and this is important in a relevant point because it is a fixed interconnect that provides QFabric for up to 16 nodes. And so it provides a lower entry point for those customers who have purchased and deployed nodes who now want to try the full QFabric system. They can deploy the QFX3000-M, and it lowers the entry point and provides them flexibility in terms of how they want to deploy that in a fixed interconnect node. So we've got -- we've surpassed 200 customers in the quarter, continued to see good progress on the QFX3500 with the top-of-rack and the nodes and certainly, a subset of those customers purchasing continue to deploy the full QFabric system.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. And Paul, this is Kevin. I'll just add to Bob's comments. I think we are in the switching fabric business in the data center today. We were not back then. And so there's clearly, in our opinion, a technology synergy related to the ADC and the systems. The fact that we built Layer 2, Layer 3, load balancing into our underlying systems and then complement that now with Layer 7 ADC in systems like MXs, SRX and QFabric allows us to bring this technology in form of a line card that now is tightly integrated into the systems. I think that's the fundamental difference in both footprint, technology capabilities and synergies in terms of how we go to market.
Robert L. Muglia: Yes, I'll add to that. We've shipped the EPC capabilities and GGSN capabilities of MobileNext and that is in production right now and running well at Elisa. And we're getting feedback from our customers that there are a set of additional features that they're interested in seeing from us. Consistent with what we set at FAM, these include things like the enforcement capabilities and DPI capabilities. All of these things, EPC, DPI, the PCEF enforcement capabilities are all part of the Universal Edge and the set of broad services that run on our MX platform. And the unique thing about that is that it provides these broad services for both wireline and wireless customers.
Robert L. Muglia: So in the context of the Riverbed relationship, there are really 2 parts to the relationship. One part is working with Riverbed to incorporate their application acceleration technology into the Pulse mobile client. And we will not really be very able to do a lot of go to market work with them in that space until that technology is integrated in, but that is on its own schedule and we'll work with them to get ship dates at a little time. The second piece is really the ADC technology that we licensed from them, and we would anticipate that technology being built into Juniper products and being delivered to the market as a Juniper set of products. So we are not -- there's plans to resell the Riverbed technology in that space.
Robert L. Muglia: Well, there's always an opportunity and it was not -- there's nothing specific to announce at this time on that. But we definitely see that this technology is very interesting. We see there's an opportunity for software to add value on top of the systems that we build. It is particularly interesting in the data center space. This is one of the good examples of software services that are very complementary. We also see long term that, that technology is beneficial in other domains such as the Edge in the Service Provider space.
Robert L. Muglia: I'll take the regular question first. No, it does not mean that our Radware partnership ends. In fact, we continue to work closely with Radware and delivery of their technology on top of the MX platform to a variety of customers particularly focused on the service provider edge. And we'll be pleased, even after we have product in the market that does application -- that does ADC technology on our own. We'll be pleased to continue to work with Riverbed and service customers that want to use their technology.
Robert L. Muglia: Let me take the first question of when we'll be delivering products in the SDN space. We already have today a number of products that have many attributes of SDN, and I'll first point out that when the industry talks about SDN, there's a great deal of similarity to the programmable network, which we've been talking about for several years. SDN is really all about how applications in the infrastructure that support them can drive the network and get the network to do what it wants. And that's really precisely the same goal we outlined several years ago when we talked about the programmable network. So the work we've done to date in building the Junos SDK is really industry-leading work that is completely consistent with SDN. In specific areas of SDN, things like OpenFlow, we have today some open-source capabilities for people to build on top of our platforms, and we're in the process of building production capable OpenFlow technology across a wide variety of Juniper products going into 2013. So you're seeing -- what I would say is we have products today, and we're going to continue to enhance and expand those products, and we'll work very closely across the industry, including with partners like VMware, to ensure that Juniper Networks, the platforms and the software that we provide is the best complement to the software that they deliver.
Robert L. Muglia: So -- and with regards to the question about the previous acquisitions that Juniper did quite some time ago relative to the work that we'll be doing around, particularly the ADC space, I can't say too much about what happened a long time ago. I certainly wasn't here then. But I will say that today, as we sit here, we have a great deal of clarity across the 2 customer segments that we're targeting, the Service Provider and the Enterprise, the 3 businesses we're in, switching, security and routing, and then the 7 domains. And in particular, with the domains, it provides us a deep context of understanding of customers' business needs, and we see this technology as being critical to fulfill those needs, and that's why we've done the -- we've created the relationship that we have, and we think it's a good, sound financial decision, and we think it's a good business opportunity for us going forward.
Robert L. Muglia: Okay. Let me take those one at a time. Thanks a lot for the question. The first one with regards to security, in terms of the quarter-to-quarter overall decline. I mean, what you're seeing there is somewhat the cyclic nature of Service Provider buying. As we mentioned, we saw growth, both quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year, in Enterprise, which tends to have a more consistent curve attached to it. In terms of when the time frames for when we see ourselves being able to have more consistent growth, we will see as the new products and technologies come out later this year and we see customer adoption. We do feel that going into 2013, our security business will be seeing very consistent recovery, and we've made a wide variety of steps within the security business to really address the challenges we have, including putting effectively an entirely new management team in place, which is well established now and has -- and is now executing very effectively on the initiatives in front of them. So I feel good about the steps that have been taken and the progress that we're making. I feel good about the feedback that we are seeing from customers and where we're heading with that business. With regards to the question about ADC and the 2 different packages, recognize that our relationship with Radware is one where they do development on top of the SDK that we provide and then we work together to deliver our solutions to particular customers. We do that quite a bit with a wide variety of different partners in the industry, and it's actually in our benefit to have an open ecosystem to allow others to build on top of our platforms. And so it makes sense for us to continue to do that. In terms of our R&D investment, it will be focused on the Riverbed technology. That's where we'll be putting our own investment. And in terms of bringing Juniper-based products to market, it will be based on that technology. But as I mentioned, that is still some time away, still a little while before we'll have the product to market.
Robyn M. Denholm: And so Ehud, in terms of the mix comment on the call, yes, router mix was favorable in the quarter. The other thing I mentioned on the call was that it was offset by a few costs on the security side, which has to do with our deployments of some recently -- some recent wins in terms of the security side. So that's what I mentioned that was offsetting the favorable mix on the router side.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. So in terms of QFabric, we were pleased with the performance of all 3 lines of business in the switching area. Both EX, QFabric and wireless LAN were all up sequentially and year-over-year. And in terms of gross margin, that was a -- no impact on the gross margin average.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. And in terms of the overall mix of routing, both core and Edge were up quarter-over-quarter. Core was also up year-over-year, which is obviously a favorable trend for the quarter. So we were pleased with the routing mix in the quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, I'll talk about the gross margin and then I'll hand it over to Bob. So in terms of services gross margin, it was good sequential increase in terms of gross margins for services, driven by revenue growth quarter-over-quarter and also by cost, as you mentioned, Rod. So on the cost side, we've been talking about increased costs in the services space for a while due to architectural personnel and increased sparing and increased services capability to do with our new product introductions. So clearly, good cost management on an ongoing basis by the team in Services also helped this quarter with our gross margins.
Robyn M. Denholm: We did reduce cost a little bit but also revenues increased in the quarter. So it's a combination of both, that's why I talked about both on the call.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. So in terms of our guidance for the third quarter, in terms of the trends that we see, we obviously see a continuing weakness in EMEA in Service Provider through the end of the year. Kevin mentioned that and so did I. We also see continued positive momentum with the U.S. Service Providers. And obviously, we also see some opportunities to increase revenue in terms of Enterprise. So in terms of mix, we're really calling it to be roughly flat going forward between Service Provider and Enterprise growth there.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. So in terms of what I talked about in the prepared remarks, the $150 million reduction in OpEx for 2013 is the full year-over-full year impact. What we're expecting to see is that impact really starts to come in, in Q1 of next year and increase over the full year. And so as I said in my prepared remarks, the second half of the year is where we see the majority of the reduction happening.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, yes. As I outlined in FAM, I mean, we're working on productivity and efficiency initiatives across the company. So it's quite surgical. There are the things that we're actually targeting in terms of sort of long-standing cost reduction activity rather than just one set of being in one area. It's across the board, whether it's in streamlining things in the back-office function, as well as in the R&D area, as well as in sales and marketing as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: So Paul, let me tackle the first question and the last one. In terms of linearity, nothing unusual to comment on in terms of linearity for the quarter. You can see with the DSO that we had that it was a relatively linear quarter. So nothing unusual to comment there. In terms of the cost reductions, let me start by saying where our strategy is around driving revenue growth. We talked about that in the -- at the Analyst Day. We're very focused on doing that. We're also focused on driving operational execution across the board, whether it is to drive that revenue growth or reduce our percentage of OpEx to revenue. And as I outlined at FAM, we are targeted at 39% to 42% of revenue as our OpEx over the next 3 years. So these -- what I've announced today is that we've now -- at FAM I talked about -- we had identified opportunities in that range, now we've identified those cost savings, and we're in the process of implementing those as we speak. So we will talk more about those as we start to show the amounts in the P&L. But we're very focused on delivering both, both revenue growth and operating expense efficiencies.
