Shaygan Kheradpir: Thank you, Robyn. I'm excited to begin this journey with you and leverage my experience and expertise as a customer and operating executive and a technology innovator to drive value for all of our stakeholders. And I very much look forward to meeting with you, listening to you and presenting our Integrated Operating Plan in a few weeks. Now to the operator for questions.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Hi, Ehud, and good speaking with you. I'll take both of those questions and I'll then pass them to Rami and Robyn, they can drill in on your switching question. So first of all, I came into the company, of course, being 25 years in the industry as a technology builder and as an operator. So I have a great deal of understanding of what the customers are really looking for and, more importantly, where they're going. In fact, that's connected to the switching question as well, which I'll come back to. And obviously, I spent my last 3 years at an investment bank with my telecom expertise. So I came in with a lot of thoughts and an understanding of the company. And from the second that I was announced, I've been sort of working myself and now -- since January 1. So we're in full motion, getting started here. As far as -- and I'll pass to Rami -- I think the very first thing I did, Ehud, when I first came here, I've been peppering everybody with questions of, yes, we know they bought, they're buying a lot, who's buying and why? And the why piece of it has pretty much reaffirmed what I thought, from a customer angle, which is people are buying pretty much the same things across multiple customer sets for the same reason, which is everybody's trying to build, what I call high-IQ networks and cloud ecosystems. And as you see in our switching results and in our security results, it sort of jumps out. Those are key components of high-IQ networks and cloud ecosystems. We'll have a lot more time to talk about this when I meet you all. But I'll now pass to Rami to drill in on this, Ehud's switching question.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Hi, Ben. And also hi to Amitabh, I both look forward to seeing you both shortly. So as far as the -- I'll start with the second one. Accountability is one of the big tenets of our plan, which is we're going to have a detailed Integrated Operating Plan, which includes who's going to do what, when are they do it and discrete milestones that we can track with tangible observables and make sure we are on course. The reason it's integrated and we can't do this thing in piece parts, as you well know, Ben, is that it starts with, what is your strategy, where can you win? That goes into what customers want. Where are the markets going, what are your strengths that you can win in those markets? We have to get that down and we've got a lot of progress already on that and there's good convergence and thinking with the team. So that's on that. That flows into your structure, your company structure. That flows into your cost structure. And the cost structure, you probably have an unfair advantage because you are from Barclays. It sounds similar, right? We focus on markets. We focus on automation, on process improvement, 21st century industrialization, you would know that term. And then you'll focus on rightsizing, to make sure we are sized right for the anticipated volume of the business. All of these things gets wrapped in. And then from there, you flow into return of capital. And you wrap it all in, in an integrated plan, detailed milestones with hard accountability and you can hold us accountable quarter-after-quarter for results. And I'm holding my team accountable, personally, for their pieces. And we know how to do this. I've done this all my career. And the team here is excited and energized to hit the afterburner button, so to speak. So be assured of that.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Simona, good speaking with you. Look forward to meeting you. We have -- as part of the Integrated Operating Plan, we have one big work stream around our R&D. And so I'm actually personally involved in that one, too, given my engineering background and the background in networks. What I would tell you, Simona, is when I entered here -- so we do all the work and then we'll present to you in 3 weeks or 4 weeks or whenever that is, in a matter of weeks. But we -- what customers are buying, the customers says, we're looking at and I count them and this is sort of from my perspective coming from the customer side, these are not necessarily a taxonomy that some of you may have used in the past. So you've got our -- a great service provider customers, which is like AT&Ts and Verizons and BT and DT and down the chain. You have those sets of customers. Then you move into the cable and content and then Web 2.0 customers like Google and Amazon and the rest. And then you move into special enterprises, yours being one, Goldman Sachs and all the companies that are represented on this call. Those 4 sets of customers, with a little bit -- maybe a few others, like federal government and so forth, they pretty much are all coalescing around the same set of things, as far as networking is concerned, which is clouds and high-IQ networks. Rami talked about and Robyn talked about the key components, MX, QFabric, PTX, SRX, with the big brain called Contrail. Essentially, that's what people want to buy because they're trying to solve some very specific business problems that we'll get into when we sit down with you and go over it. So the markets are changing for a set of these customers and we just have to make sure that we will be able to win and win big in these markets, given our heritage of high performance networking, only really pure play company out there in IT networking in high performance, in open architectures, carrier-grade, super big SRX, defending the cloud and so forth and so on. And in fact, this was my view when I came in as a customer, being on both sides, operating obviously at Barclays, CIO, CTO on Verizon. And in fact, the buying -- or what people are buying and the mix is sort of confirming that. Now as I've said it last quarter, this has to continue, but it has certain logic to it. So I think that's the -- that's what in my mind, if that helps.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Well, thank you for the question. As I said, I've been in this business now exactly 27 years. And so I come in with a lot of views on where the markets are going and what the customers want. And I think that is -- since I've been actually a builder in these companies, so I have great appreciation for building. And since I've had tens of thousands of people in my organization, from an operating perspective, I was the heart of sort of operations. So I come in with a good view of what is a well-run operation. I come in with a view of what the customers want. And I come in with a view of technologically what's the art of the possible and where the markets are going. So I sort of took this job because I saw great opportunity at this phenomenal company, sort of ready to go, to put in play 27 years of my experience. So that's on that end. On the other end, obviously I am on a big listening tour and our shareholders is one of the most important stakeholders. I've been listening to shareholders, I continue to do that and the investors and the sell-side and the buy-side analysts and of course our customers to pull all this in. And we also have urgency of action because every month that passes 2014, I want to make sure the new Integrated Operating Plan is in place, the company is behind it and we can move and drive shareholder value and make sure that our customers get to solve their business problems, which is all around, how can I generate more revenue? How can I bring down my operating costs? How can I make sure I don't get hacked? And so forth and so on. These are -- when you put a customer hat on, these things -- when you actually live and sweat the details in a customer, these are -- get a different gravity. So I'm actually very confident that we will be able to come up with a great Integrated Operating Plan and put it in motion and really solve our customer problems and in the process drive great shareholder return. And just hold on for a few weeks and we'll unveil it.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Sure, Mark, and hi, great to be speaking with you. So yes, somebody asked me that question the other day and said, "How do you feel?" And I said, "Well, I feel like I'm back home." In the sense that many of the accounts I go to, they are friends and colleagues from the past. Now as I said, I've been here 27 years, so some of the friends and colleagues have retired, but there's still quite a bit that are still there. And so, yes, I know many of my friends have been there for a long time. We've worked together on the buyer side of things. We have a similarity in thought across the planet. I actually used to chair the CTOs for telecoms a number of years ago when I was at Verizon. And by the way, on the enterprise side, I used to chair the CIOs for a number of years. And so I have a lot of friends there as well. And in fact, my rotation at Barclays, which I have to say was completely phenomenal and magical, I've gotten to be even closer to my CIO friends at the banks and financial services. So yes, it sort of feels in the family but, of course, as time goes on, I become more of the supplier and they become more of the buyer. But at this point, it's very much like coming back home. As far as the routers and PTX is concerned, I'll ask Rami to give us some color on that.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Brian, good to meet you. A really good question. This -- the Web 2.0 and, by the way, the cable and the content businesses are also dear friends of mine for many years, got good insight into those networks, have worked with them for many years. And I'll ask Robyn to take that question around their cloud that they're building and their growth. Go ahead.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Thanks, Rod. Thanks for the question. A broad question. As I said, I've had many, many years in this, both Verizon and Barclays, and many -- tens of thousands of people. And I think it's, at the top level, it all starts with what are we trying to do, where are we trying to win. So this is why it's really important to get the focus on product innovation and our markets really right because that flows in what I used to call strength on strength. Have excellent people positioned in the areas that they can put -- push the ball for us forward through excellence. And then it's working as one team, as one Barclays -- I'm sorry, one Juniper, one Juniper, one Juniper. I've had one Verizon, one Barclays, one Juniper, I'm consistent. And then, as you talk to the people about me, it's all the same, right? Because you have success and you repeat that. And then you have execution with no excuses and metabolism execution with no excuses. I look for people who are detail oriented, they're hands on, not a lot of layers, massive focus on the customer, massive know-how internally and really have that outside-in focus brought infused with an inside-out art of the possible, camp on customer's door and execute. And so that's sort of the management philosophy. And now I'm going to pass in to Robyn for the second part of the question.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes. It's -- I'm thrilled to be here and I'm really looking forward to seeing all of you very shortly and have a much deeper conversation about everything we talked about and hear your views of Juniper and our industry. So look forward to seeing you all. Thank you. Have a great day.
Rami Rahim: Sure. Thanks, Shaygan, and thanks for the question, Ehud. On the switching side, first of all, yes, we're certainly very pleased with the results that we saw in Q4. A couple of things that I will say, over the last year or so, you know that we have been in the process of essentially integrating our 2 separate switching business units. As a result of doing that, we not only streamlined the portfolio, we actually simplified the portfolio and focused it on the most pressing problems that our customers are solving today. So if you take a look at the result, a lot of the performance that we saw is, it came from that hard work in new products that we introduced just last year, like the EX4300, the EX -- the EX9200 are both examples of those products. And then from a market dynamic standpoint, we have large customers now, both on the service provider and the enterprise side, that are building a cloud network that require the kind of high performance products that we are developing. And they love not only the product themselves, but the tie-in that we have developed with our SDN solution, whether it be Contrail or with our partner at SDN solutions like VMware.
Rami Rahim: Sure, certainly. The competitive situation for routing hasn't really changed. This remains a very competitive industry in the -- so the way in which we compete is essentially the same. In the Edge, for example, it's about having a single unified, the most complete, most scalable, highest performance, Universal Edge, which is the MX, which is really growing nicely for us and competing very well there, both with incumbents and new players. In the core, yes, there are different dynamics that are happening here. Certainly, there are sort of incumbents and new challengers that are coming in, but I would say that, that has not, again, changed the way in which we compete. It's a high leverage strategy using our massive T Series deployed base. It's an architectural approach to packet optical transport with our PTX. And we're actually seeing some pretty good early momentum with the MX2020 for high service rich cores around the world. In certain geos, like you mentioned, there are sort of geo-specific competitors, like in Asia. And there, it's just about being laser focused on the areas where we believe that we have the highest amount of technical differentiation. That's why we're successful.
Rami Rahim: Yes, sure. Happy to. Thanks, Mark. So on the router side, I think one of the really encouraging things about the booking was just the diversity in who bought. So we saw strength in our large telcos, even our smaller Tier 2 telcos, our cable operators and also the Web 2.0s. So that diversity is something that we track and something that we consider as very healthy. From a product standpoint, very specifically, MX continues to do very well and the particular applications here that we're driving are convergence of Edge and aggregation networks to simplify operations for our customers, data center interconnect to connect clouds together. And then the other area where we saw some real strength from a booking standpoint is in PTX. As you know, PTX is somewhat of a different architectural approach. So the sales cycles are long and what we're seeing now are the results of the design wins that we had several quarters ago now turning into sales. And the last thing I'll just say is in each of those product line, the MX and PTX, we introduced new specific products in Q4. We introduced the MX104 that takes all of the sophisticated capabilities of the MX down to a very small, power efficient form factor that's ideal for smaller operators and now into the access navigation part of the network. And similarly, the PTX3000 that takes the transport capabilities of that platform and takes it into the metro transport area. So we're expanding the applicable footprint for each of these product lines.
Rami Rahim: The only thing I will add is, I already added some color on the diversity of customers on our routing side. On the switching side, there too we saw a good distribution between enterprise, especially at the financial services, Web 2.0s, and also service provider. We have said in the past that the service provider component of the switching business can be lumpy. And for this quarter or Q4, I should say, we saw real strength in both SP and enterprise. I think that just based on the -- what we're seeing in terms of demand metric, I'm pretty confident about 2014.
Robyn M. Denholm: And just to add to that on the security side, so we saw good growth sequentially in terms of security. And we moderated the decline year-over-year. What's driving that growth is the same that's been driving the bookings growth over the last couple of quarters and that is high-end SRX. And it comes back to the theme that both Rami and Shaygan talked about in terms of data center and what we're doing with our service provider customers as well as our enterprise customers. And so that is what drove the growth this quarter, the high-end SRX.
Robyn M. Denholm: Thanks, Amitabh. So on the actual guidance for Q1, at the midpoint of guidance, what we're reflecting is an 8% year-over-year growth. And our perspective is that the business is healthy across the board. We've got good design wins in all 3 geographies across the business areas. In Q1, it typically does take us a little time to get moving, if you like, but we're very pleased with the demand fundamentals that we have across all 3 areas of the business.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. Thank you, Subu. In terms of your question, from a routing perspective, we were very pleased with the routing performance in the quarter in terms of the sequential increase and year-over-year increase. We had a 1% increase sequentially off a record quarter last quarter for routing and a 16% year-over-year increase. And the strength of that is amplified in the bookings. So and that's why I called it out. The trend on revenue, as you know, sometimes follows the trend in bookings, but not always the case in terms of the one quarter view. So I wanted to add some color in terms of the bookings in routings which were very strong. And as I said, they were up over 20% sequentially and over 30% year-over-year. So the team has done a very good job on driving the design wins to bookings in the quarter from a routing perspective.
Robyn M. Denholm: So on the guidance question -- in terms of the midpoint of guidance, as I mentioned before, is an 8% year-over-year growth, which is actually -- reflects our confidence in the strength of the underlying business. Our view is that there is a sequential -- sorry, seasonal pattern to our Q1 business, particularly on the enterprise side. And we saw in the fourth quarter, the enterprise actually drove a lot of the year-over-year growth. And so what I want to make sure of is that we take that into account. That's what we've taken into account. The underlying demand trends are healthy. Q1 always has a seasonality to it and we wanted to appropriately reflect that in our guidance.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. I think, Brian, in terms of the overall full year, what we wanted to give you color on is where the growth was coming from. And the comments that I made was that it was -- those areas of web services, content and cable actually accounted for more than 50% of the overall growth of the company for the 2013 year. And I think the comment that Shaygan made is very applicable because it's a cross-sector view of those types of companies. And even in some of our traditional companies, there are faster growing parts of that company's revenue with us or their CapEx spend with us, if you like, than other parts. And so that's what we were trying to convey with that comment, that there is faster parts of the market that are growing even in some of the traditional areas, as well as some of these newer opportunities and newer type companies on the web services and cable side.
Robyn M. Denholm: Thank you. Thanks, Rod. In terms of the government business, I did actually call out that the government area -- enterprise was actually very strong in the quarter. We had good sequential and year-over-year growth in enterprise all up. The federal team did an outstanding job this quarter. If you remember back to the guidance that we called out on last quarter, I was expecting federal to be weak this quarter. And actually, the team did a really good job and actually they had a good quarter in Q4. Clearly, the federal business, the government business is down for us for the full year, year-over-year, which also underscores the fact that enterprise, absent the full -- from a full year perspective, absent government, has actually been growing very nicely all year. The other commentary on the fourth quarter was that financial services was strong and that's a global comment. So from my perspective, a good enterprise quarter, a good service provider quarter and a good federal quarter in Q4. Go ahead, Rami.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. In terms of emerging markets for us, and there are many different emerging markets around the world for us. What I would say, at a high level, our strategy is quite different in some of the emerging markets. You mentioned, for example, China. What we've done at the company is be very focused in terms of the areas where we are most differentiated in that market and Rami mentioned that before. And so our approach varies by market. We're very surgical in some markets where we focus on those areas where we have the most differentiated and we win opportunities in those markets. So from my perspective, our emerging market strategy is different. We sell through partners in a number of different locations through the -- across the world. From a technology perspective, the technology that we sell is consistent and it's in high demand in different parts of the world in terms of that focus.
