Robyn Denholm: Yes. So the way we are calibrating the operating margin at the high end, we should be roughly flat in terms of operating margin. So with the -- at the 10 40 level, 23.9%, 24% operating margin is what we're expecting at that level. And clearly, we were quite high in our long-term model range for growth margin this quarter. So if you calibrate in terms of 66% to 68%, which is our sort of targeted model for next quarter, then that will help with the model in terms of operating margin.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in terms of the overall integration of Ankeena, we're very pleased with the way that has gone. In terms of revenue, it's actually very nominal for the quarter. We are very pleased with the customer dialogue we've been having and in terms of the increased importance of video to a customer conversations and content distribution, et cetera. So it helps with all of those conversations. But in terms of pure revenue, it's very small for the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. I think in terms of the long-term operating model, our target is 20% or higher. And so for this year, we believe we will be in that range, 20% or higher.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of the model range, it's in a good range for us over the last couple of years. I think that is the right range for us. There are very many factors in terms of what goes into the gross margin composition, as you know. And I went through a number of those at the financial analyst meeting. I'm pleased with the execution, both in terms of the sales side and also in terms of the operation group in terms of delivering quarter-over-quarter cost reduction. I'm also pleased with the investments that we're making on the Services side. As that business grows, positioning architecture services and also the state's part [ph] (41:59) to ensure that we have the right resources closest to the customer to ensure that we've got the right customer environment I think is key.
Robyn Denholm: So there were no 10% customers in the quarter. And we'll see how Q3 and Q4 pan out in terms of who will be a 10% customer in those periods.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. And I think in terms of healthy pipeline, the thing that I was pleased about was it's both wireless, wireline content cable service providers. So it's pretty universal, and it's also pretty good across all of the geographies as well. So we conduct our quarterly business reviews, Kevin and I, and it was very good in terms of health of the pipeline.
Robyn Denholm: So our closure rate, varies by geography and the size of the deal. But consistent with our recent past in terms of closure rates, I think it's fair enough.
Robyn Denholm: I'll cover the first part of the question and I'll hand over to Kevin for the second. So in terms of deferred revenue, it was down quarter-over-quarter but it is still a very healthy balance overall. So on the product side, I commented in the prepared remarks that there are basically two parts to the product deferred revenue. The channel and other sell-through revenue, which was actually the piece that was down in the quarter and the future features, which was roughly flat with the first quarter. In terms of Services, the timing of bookings of multi-year deals influences that. And so when I look at that and I look at sequential patterns as bookings in the first quarter, then that is a normal sort of pattern for us in terms of the second quarter.
Robyn Denholm: So I'll take the first two parts of the question, and I'll hand over to Kevin for the last. So in terms of the impact of the euro, as a reminder, because we're working through distributors and other partners throughout the world, we actually bill in U.S. dollars in Europe by and large. So at the moment, there is obviously no direct impact from the effect of the euro. Clearly, overtime, if the U.S. stays where it is, we're watching very closely in terms of competitive pressures or anything else in terms of euro, or also whether or not any of the credit crisis over there or sovereign debt actually has an impact on the business. In enterprise, we saw a little bit in terms of demand pausing, if you like, in some parts of Southern Europe. But in the rest of Europe, the business was very strong as you saw, so I was pleased with that. In terms of the accounting change, so as we expected, for the second quarter, the absolute dollar amount was up compared to the first quarter. We were expecting that in terms of what we recognize under the new accounting rules. But the comment that I made in terms of deferred revenue, the only piece that is fixed in terms of deferred revenue on the product side is the future feature area, and that was flat with the first quarter. So really, that piece on the balance sheet is solid. The piece that actually declined was the channel and other filter revenue, which is what you would expect to happen as the business environment improves.
Robyn Denholm: So short term and long term is purely a mathematical date-driven exercise. So those that we expect to recognize within 12 months from the printed date of the quarter are in short term, and those that are over the 12 months are the long term. It's purely a date-driven exercise.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of sequential growth, which I think was your question, Simon. So EX, MX and SRX obviously, you've got those numbers. T was also up as I mentioned in the commentary. Service was also up and then other, if you net everything else that's in the product categories, they were also up. And so basically, they were all up as a total portfolio. So we think that, that's actually good. The fact that our new products or newer platforms are actually generating $1 billion of revenue in the last four quarters and they're actually growing very nicely year-over-year. They're up nearly 90% as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, and that's a real testament to the value of the R&D that we're doing as we go forward.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, I wouldn't take it as the latter. It's actually because of the fact that there is more demand out there, and that category of revenue is what we do take on a sell-through basis.
Robyn Denholm: So I think, Brent, in terms of the Service Provider trends, obviously, we saw a good growth this quarter, especially in EMEA and in APAC. And we think that was a good trend, with our Service Provider and our Enterprise customers actually increasing their demand in both geographies. So in terms of going forward, Kevin talked about what we see specifically with our U.S. service provider customers where their CapEx has tended to be more back-end loaded historically. So we don't expect that to be different this year. We are anticipating that in the second half. And our guidance for Q3 reflects, in terms of the range, the difference in what their pattern could be in Q3 or Q4.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. The one other thing I'd add was in this quarter, particularly in the U.S., we saw a continued spending by the regional carriers and the content and cable sector, which are called out specifically because it is important from a diversification perspective overall in terms of the Service Provider business longer term.
Robyn Denholm: So on the carrier spending, when we gave the guidance for Q2, we were expecting that range to be variable with service provider spending. So in terms of how the quarter unfolded, it did unfold as we expected. Obviously, we overachieved relative to our guidance. But in terms of service provider, it was within the range that we gave you on the Q1 call. So in terms of headcount, yes, the headcount was up. The main areas, as we said, they're about at the 65 headcount as a result of Ankeena, approximately 65. And then the rest were primarily R&D for the projects that we've talked about in terms of R&D, plus customer service and support. So those are the three categories. There was a little bit in sales and marketing, but it was still mainly the other categories.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of the overall product margin, we were very pleased with the rate of growth margin on products. In terms of product mix, the security products had very good margins relative to the range of margins that we have. So obviously, that helps. You've seen how SLT has become profitable and now has broken through the 20% level. Their gross margin structure is very healthy. So in terms of other areas, yes, the MX 3D is a higher gross margin product for us. It's our silicone, our IP. So obviously, that contributes to favorable gross margin in terms of mix. In terms of structural areas, the operations team has been doing a very good job in terms of continuing, just grinding away at the cost. And as I mentioned at the financial analyst meeting, there are two sides to the equation on the gross margin side, and cost is definitely an area that the team's very focused on driving.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of future features, so in terms of the stuff that has been on the balance sheet under the old rules, over the next four to six quarters, we expect that to actually be recognized. So that is normal flow of future feature activity. In terms of the stuff that's being put onto the balance sheet, that is the change. So under the new rules, the deferral still happens, the amount of the deferrals on 100% of the activity, it is the amount that's represented by the features that we have yet to bring to market. So but net-net in the quarter, I want to be very clear, that part was flat. So there was no reduction in the deferred revenue associated with future features, even though the right at which we were putting it on was at a lower percentage of the total deal. So that does actually explain, in terms of the increased activity, you are seeing that because the amount was flat in the quarter. And we expect that to be the case over the next four quarters.
Robyn Denholm: No. I did say in the prepared remarks that it was actually higher this quarter. When we publish the 10-Q, we're going to give you quite a bit of detail in terms of the various components and that type of things. But the amount in absolute dollars was actually higher the last quarter, which is what we were expecting.
Robyn Denholm: So I'll handle the component question. So in any quarter, you always have various components that might be in higher or lower demand situations. There's no question, our operations team, they're doing a phenomenal job in an environment where our demand has upticked. They've actually been able to meet that demand. So we're very pleased with what we've been doing in that area.
Kevin Johnson: I'll take the first question and I'll hand off to Robyn for the second question. Clearly, we're pleased with our relationship with large Tier 1 carriers in North America and the U.S. And certainly, when you look at some of historical patterns, capital spending, in fact, I looked just at, certainly, the top two service providers in the U.S., spending of capital in 2009, range from 53% to 57% of their capital spend in the second half of the year. And so we are -- we do anticipate that there would be, perhaps, some uptick in spending in the second half of the year. But we haven't quantified that. Certainly, our guidance for Q3 reflects the view of what we think will happen. And we are planning for a bigger second half than we had in the first half with the larger Tier 1 service providers.
Kevin Johnson: Nikos, on the second question about concern in public sector, I think the concern is limited to the U.S. public sector. And it's really focused on the fact that U.S. Federal budget approvals and Congress working through getting final approval for that in this quarter. In Q3, it is the fiscal fourth quarter of the U.S. Federal government. And so depending on how Congress and the budgeting decisions unfold in the U.S. public sector, that could have implications on Enterprise revenue in the U.S., of which public sector is a part of. We think in terms of the range of guidance we've provided, we have enough range to reflect the fact that if there's some downside there, we're going to work hard and do what we can but it is a noted risk.
Kevin Johnson: The second question, let me take a shot at that. The second question, Jess, was -- I'll paraphrase it as, "Do we believe the 25% operating margin is a sustainable margin to achieve?" And the answer is we do. As we outlined in the financial analyst meeting, we actually gave a range of R&D as a percent of revenue, sales and marketing as a percent of revenue and G&A as a percent of revenue. And that 25% operating margin was kind of in the center of those ranges. If you look at this quarter, R&D as a percentage of revenues is up about 21%, which is probably about two points higher than the high end that we outlined at the analyst meeting. And I think that's because we're in the core of some significant R&D on projects Stratus and the Falcon project, which are significant elements of our growth agenda going forward. So we believe that the investments we're making in R&D are clearly linked to our multi-year growth agenda. Yet getting the margin expansion and certainly sustaining it at the 25% or higher really is a function of us continuing to break through and get the scale economics, which you see us starting to get in the enterprise. And so, look, as we outlined at the analyst meeting, we still got strong conviction that, that is the multi-year plan that we're pursuing. We think 25% or higher operating margins are certainly achievable and sustainable.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, and on the third element of it, it's a little bit more color on Europe. I was in Europe a few weeks ago with a team calling on customers and visited several countries. And consistent with my comments, I think generally, the economic recovery in Europe is lagging, and it certainly is visible. That said, I think in the quarter, we demonstrated still some strong growth both in service provider and in enterprise segments. Southern Europe, when you look at the sovereign debt situation in Southern Europe, we did have evidence that showed some enterprise customers in Southern Europe where maybe being somewhat baffled or deferring some of their projects, which slowed our enterprise growth in Southern Europe. Our service provider growth though in Southern Europe maintained some strength and with some good relationships with customers and some new design wins there. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag in Southern Europe. Certainly, the question is if I think today, probably there are less concerns about what Europe's going to do about the sovereign debt crisis than there were a couple of months ago, so there's more certainty there. And hopefully, that translates to continued confidence and leads to more signs of economic recovery. That said, we continue to feel like we've got good relationships and a good pipeline on the Service Provider business. We continue to build our Enterprise business in Europe. Yet, I think the European economic situation, that too, should be flagged as a risk. -
Kevin Johnson: Yes, thanks for the question, Simon. I think that in the Service Provider segment, certainly, the big trends and things we see are related to mobility and video. And we've seen very strong uptake on Mobile Secure, our security platform in major wireless carriers globally. And that's been a big solution and a big value proposition to them. That combined with the progress that we're making with MX 3D as a unified edge router for both fixed and mobile and the fact that many service providers architecturally are looking to converge those networks to where they're carrying that Internet traffic on a single network. That, combined with the fact that the MX 3D is programmable and the deliverables that we have for the Falcon project is something that, I think, is generating significant interest and dialogue with our customers. So consistent with what we outlined at the analyst meeting, it really is the Junos as a single operating system, programmable operating system running on our platform, but technologies is helping customers, not only change the economics through reducing the cost per bit, but also enabling new business models, and it's delivering a better user experience. And so we continue to focus on that value proposition.
Kevin Johnson: I guess the first comment I would make is that every wireless provider on a global basis is perhaps in a different stage of the migration from 2G to 3G to LTE and has their own set of business plans in terms of how they're doing that. What is consistent though is that mobile Internet is growing. And it's growing because of the growth in smart phones and certainly, led by the work Apple has done with the iPhone and Google has done with Android and iPad. There's just more of these digital devices driving demand for mobile Internet. That's a very consistent perspective on a global basis. And so number one, we're working with these wireless providers to really help to understand their roadmap in terms of how they're enabling solutions and the ability to carry that traffic economically and provide a great experience for their customer base, and that's number one. Second of all, when you look at Ericsson's GGSN that runs on Junos, it continues to do well in the market, and so we're pleased with our partnership in that regard with Ericsson.
Kevin Johnson: On the question about managed services, a number of large service providers see this certainly as a growth opportunity for their business, to build out data centers and provide a managed services capability to enterprise customers. It aligns with not only the network infrastructure they have in place but their operational expertise in terms of running large infrastructure-related businesses. And so in our partnership with large service providers, we've got a very specific team and set of resources that are building those relationships with those service providers who are building a managed services business. And that relationship involves us sharing our architecture with them around data center, collapsing layers in the data center going from three to two and to one with Stratus. It involves our technology across routing, switching and security, all running Junos. That involves us helping them find efficient ways to manage the operating expenses using Junos Space. And it certainly also provides them capability to provide user secure SSL VPN with Junos Pulse. And so the relationship is very broad in terms of the product set. And on a consistent basis, these service providers see this as a growth opportunity for them. Your specific question is how many of these relate to security. Well, to have a successful managed services business, you have to have a secure environment or enterprise customers will not turn over their processing and data and connections to run in your managed services. So security is at the heart of being able to be in that business. Regarding the relationship with ADVA and the investment piece, at the analyst meeting, I think Stefan and Pradeep conducted a session where they sort of took you through a view of the role that we saw optical playing in packets switch, what we are looking at with our routing technology. And I think there are many, many players in optical out there and ADVA is one of them, and we're pleased to have a relationship with them. But it relates to the partnerships that we're building in optical as it helps shape our agenda for our routing technology and where that's going in the future.
Kevin Johnson: Just to add to Robyn's comments, Brent, I think when we look at the second half of 2010, and I think the pipeline and opportunities we see in the service provider are very good. The real question, when you look at Q3, is how much of that pipeline will land in Q3 versus Q4? In 2009, obviously, we had a very big Q4 driven by Service Providers. And there's a question of will that start to smooth out to see a stronger Q3 and still a strong but maybe not as strong as Q4? Can some of that revenue be blended across Q3 and Q4? We'll have to see how that unfolds later in the quarter.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. First of all, I would say that we will consider a range of things. But the ones that are preferred, the ones that are really sort of on the radar screen, I would characterize as very similar to Ankeena. There are things that are based on intellectual property and talent that's complementary to Junos, that helps us accelerate our vision for the new network, things that we believe we can do a good job of integrating and managing the integration and things of that will translate to revenue and revenue growth fairly quickly. So that said, I think the best way to characterize it is just point to Ankeena as one example, and of what I think is probably the more likely scenarios to expect.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. I think certainly, we had achieved some revenue on the EX through the OEM relationships, but we still -- I wouldn't discount all the relationships that we have with partners that are reselling EX. So let me just talk about EX as a total product offering whether it comes through OEM or through resale. Number one, I think the portfolio that we've assembled, routing, switching, security, running Junos, the role of Junos Space and the role of Junos Pulse, the data center architecture of 321, that value proposition is one that we are communicating more broadly to more enterprise customers and it's one that's resonating. Our job is to help make sure that we've done the right job on R&D to create the right solution set and that we create demand in the market. And that's what we've been very focused on doing. And in doing that, that creates more opportunity for our partners to then sell into that demand that we're creating, and as they do that creates more demand and more awareness. And so I think we are executing against our plan to continue to do that. I think that we continue to make good progress relative to that plan. My expectation is as we do that, we continue to reach a point where we hit a tipping point where then awareness hits a certain point and that demand creation part has taken place, and then there's just a lot of partners fulfilling opportunity. I don't think we've hit that tipping point yet, but I do think we're a step closer. I look at the design wins, I look at the level of dialogue we're having, I look at the energy behind our partners, I participated in the Americas Region Partner Summit this last quarter, and there's just a lot of energy from our partners: Dell, IBM, Verizon and many, many other partners on a global basis. So look, our long-term growth agenda, we've got to grow the Enterprise, I think, at the analyst meeting, we've got to grow our Enterprise segment 25% plus higher over this period to drive that. Certainly, the EX plays a big part of that, and so it is core to the growth agenda.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, let me just add one or two other comments to what Robyn said. I think certainly, our investments in silicone, I think is significant in terms of the value it creates for customers and for shareholders. And that the value for customers is being able to solve these kinds of networking problems at scale that we think is unique, and that we have differentiated position in the market, which allows us to have higher gross margins in some of those areas. The second piece is we're building out software businesses. You asked the question of Media Flow and Falcon. If I look at Media Flow, that's a software business. If I look at Falcon, it's a software business. If I look at Junos Space, it's a software business. If I look at Junos Pulse, it's a Software business. These software businesses have much higher gross margins, certainly, than our Systems business. And we love our Systems business, but we're going to complement our Systems business with the Software business. Certainly, the revenue for Media Flow was immaterial this quarter, but over time, as we're successful building these software businesses, that should also be something that provides us some lift or ability to improve product gross margins as that mix shifts.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, just let me add on the components piece. It's also fair to say that in the industry in 2009, a lot of the suppliers had reduced inventories and reduced manufacturing capability. Now as demand is returning, we do think that the industry is seeing some pressure on suppliers for those components. We work very hard to ensure that the component shortages don't affect our ability, but we acknowledge that in our discussion with suppliers and doing that work, clearly, there is some pressures in the industry, overall, on components.
