Robyn M. Denholm: No, I think that's very good, Shaygan. In terms of the near-term environment, as we mentioned, for the fourth quarter, our guidance -- we obviously put that number out there. And then we do expect that we're in this 2- to 4-quarter cycle, as Shaygan talked about. For the full year next year, we're not putting out specific revenue numbers. As Shaygan mentioned, the environment is challenging. We expect that to continue for the next several quarters. So our planning assumptions at this point is that we expect that challenging environment to continue through the first half of next year.
Robyn M. Denholm: I think -- I think that said it well. I think also the question around the router cycles and whether we expect them to continue, I think Rami can comment on that as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: So I'll address the OpEx question. So you're right, we did have some variable comp in the quarter in Q3. I actually called it out in the script. We said it was about $10 million in terms of the fourth quarter guidance. So in other words, we did 4 -- we're putting out $480 million, plus or minus $5 million. There's about $8 million to $10 million in there that's variable-comp related.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. I think, Kulbinder, on the diversity of revenue, that obviously takes time. And we will have more information next week at the Investor Day on how diverse some of our revenue has gotten over the last 5 years. But to Shaygan's point, we obviously still have some concentration around carriers. And in particular, when those cycles happen, sometimes it's very difficult to get visibility into the depth or breadth of the cycle. And so you're right, the depth of it did exceed our expectations in this quarter. But our view is, at this point, that we're planning for the revenue environment to be challenging. And we've obviously taken appropriate actions in terms of the cost structure and making sure that we're investing in the right things over the right period of time to catch the wave of growth as we come out of this cycle. And that's what the team is very focused on doing.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, I think Shaygan said it well. What we're trying to do -- what we are doing is continuing to sharpen our focus in terms of productivity and efficiency across the company. And as you could see by the results for the third quarter, we are ahead of plan of the original IOP. And so our view is that we can take these additional costs out. It's never easy to take cost out, as you mentioned in your question. But with the right focus and the right attention, doing that deliberately across the company by managing headcount and continuing to work through discretionary expenses as well as effectiveness and efficiency across the company. And the team's very well aligned around that.
Rami Rahim: Sure, happy to. I mean, when I look at the Routing fundamentals, obviously the first thing you're going to look at is traffic. And all our indication is that traffic continues to grow across all of our customer base, whether it be the Web service providers, telcos, cable operators. I think that's sort of a truth among all of them. There are certainly trends that are happening in the industry and where -- these are obviously trends that we factor into our strategy. But when you take a look at these trends, whether they be Layer 4 to Layer 7, service virtualization or things like the virtualization of the CPE, so low-end routing virtualization or SDN for the purpose of automation, I view these as all largely complementary to our strategy. So this is very much an opportunity for us. It's very, very difficult to virtualize the kind of product, or I'd say impossible, to virtualize the kind of product that solved the performance necessary to deal with capacity growth. So this is why I'm confident in the long term.
Rami Rahim: Sure. So most of, if not all, of the changes that we've done in R&D to reduce the OpEx have been structural in nature. So it's around streamlining the organization in such a way that allows us to deduplicate functions that were, quite frankly, duplicated only because of the organizational design. So that has been eliminated. Beyond that, we've been very, very vigilant with respect to the priorities of the projects that we're working on, making sure that everything that we are working on is aligned 100% with the company's strategy. And as you know, we've said in the past, that has resulted in stopping development of certain projects and products. So there are a number of pre-revenue-generating projects we were working on that we are not anymore. We just divested the Pulse business as you are aware of not because it's a bad business but because of the fact that we could not invest in it ourselves and also all of the other things that we know we need to do for the company's strategy. The last thing I will say is now that all of R&D is in a single organization, one of the fundamental tenets, if you will, of our engineering principles is to leverage, is to make sure that all of our technology components across silicon systems and software are highly leverageable across all of our product lines. And this is something that we're very much executing towards.
Rami Rahim: Switching. So should I comment on Switching? Simona, so first, to your question about concentration. Certainly, there is a Service Provider and an Enterprise component to our Switching business. The Service Provider component tends to be fewer larger deals, fewer larger customers than the Enterprise. That's natural. We've always said that the SP portion is going to be lumpy, and this quarter was certainly an example of that. And I would say, I mean, we're certainly disappointed in our results. I think we can and will do better in Switching. So what gives me confidence about the Switching business going forward? First is we've had a number of wins that just haven't yet been -- gone into deployment mode that will kick in, in future quarters. Second is if you take a look at what we've done in Switching in terms of R&D over the last couple of years is we've realigned the organization. We've focused it on a new strategy and product roadmap, and we're now just starting to see the results of that strategy in terms of new products like the QFX5100 being a great example of that. But we're not done yet, and there's more to come. And I have a lot of confidence in what is more to come in terms of our ability to grow this business. And I'll just pass it to Vince for performance.
Rami Rahim: Sure. So look, on the Switching side, I'll just sort of revert back to what I mentioned for Simona, which is that we're not done with our roadmap. We're not going to get into specifics on this call. But I think there's a lot of confidence all around on our roadmap. And in terms of talking to customers, we're getting a lot of very positive feedback on the roadmap. As far as Metro optical and so forth, there are certainly trends and aspirations by all involved in that market. And one can easily talk about IP and packet-based transport and so forth, but actually executing on that, there aren't that many people in the world that can effectively do it and do it competitively and scalably. So for that reason, I'm not 100% sure I agree with the premise that there is sort of this long-drawn-out trend, if you will, in Routing where everything will move to optical. I just don't buy it. That said, there are -- there is an evolution in architectures for the Metro and even for the core where the packet and optical demands will be much closely integrated together. This will be done with things like intelligent software that can balance traffic more effectively across the 2 layers, also done in terms of automation. And if you look at our product roadmap with respect to, for example, NorthStar, this is the controller that does exactly that. It does it with our own packet technology and partner optical technology. And we're seeing, actually, some very good interest from customers. I think it's early, but we're seeing very good interest from customers on such approaches.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I mean, most of the -- most of what affected us in Q3 in Switching was on the SP -- in SPs. And that's, again, the lumpier portion of our business. There was also a broader Enterprise component, but it was a minor component compared to the SP side. As far as strategy is concerned, it's scoring and winning more and more of the opportunities from customers that truly, like Shaygan said, value high capacity and high scale. And those customers tend to be fewer and larger. So there is -- again, there's that lumpiness component to it. And then also, like I said, there is still an element to our product roadmap that has not yet been completed that I think is going to be necessary to make sure that we continue the growth. So that's, again, what it is that we're counting on for continued growth in the future.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Thanks, Pierre, for the question. Actually, we have Vince Molinaro here, who is our Executive Vice President for go-to-market globally. And he -- Vince, can you respond to Pierre...
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes. And Ehud, on your second question, obviously, we don't comment on any specific customer. So let me make my comments general. And in fact, I read your report. Nice job on the one you've just recently written on another customer on the same issue. And I think it's -- you can project that to my comments. So it's -- as you said, it's the mix and where service providers are spending their money and what part of the network. That's the answer to the question, essentially. And so it is -- if that's in the mix area, that is the answer to the question.
Shaygan Kheradpir: So Jeff, I'll make a few comments and I'll then have Rami go into perhaps examples and give more color. So first of all, in the whole Integrated Operating Plan, the issue has been focus and unleashing the talent of our best R&D and go-to-market people for innovation. And so we said that many, many times we know R&D is the lifeblood of this company. In fact, I am super excited about the product pipeline, and this is not infinity. This is in front of us. So you should rest assured that innovation and engineering and product pipeline is healthy. It's broad. It's deep and it's very exciting. And so you should just rest assured on that. And we are very focused to ensure that our R&D is focused on things that matter to the customers, where the market is going and making sure that we are not wasting our resources in areas that don't matter. Now with that, I'll pass it to Rami.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Simona, I'll take a crack at that quickly at both, and then on the second one, I'll pass it again to Rami. So on the first one, 25% is our long-term target and very achievable. The visibility to revenue, as you know, has turned quite poor just in the past 6 weeks. If you look at the CapEx numbers from the big carriers, you would see how they have changed and it's just the past 4 to 6 weeks. What we control is our costs, our products, our customer relationships, the design wins. All of those are well in hand. We've got great customer relationships, a lot of design wins. On the costs, we have given you definitive numbers, which is 1.9, minus 25, plus 25. And based on our track record on our costs so far, you can see how we come with costs. We're doing that while preserving ability to invest sufficiently for growth despite the challenging environment. And when you put it all together, we're going to expand operating margins significantly from 2014 to 2015. And this is just arithmetic, this number, depends on revenue. And revenue, we don't control industry spend. The visibility is poor. And these things can change very quickly. They have just in the past 6 weeks. And so whenever -- and we are constructive on the second half of this year. We think we're going to get growth back. That will depend on the revenue number. But we are very focused on the 25%, and we think it's very achievable as a long-term target.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes. And I'll just wrap it up, Simona, on -- as Rami and Vince said, I'm actually very encouraged by all of the vertical engagements on Switching and the design wins, and I'm enthusiastic about the ramp in 2015.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes, I mean, it's a good question. It's difficult to call cycles. I think there are a number of analysts on this call right now and I'm not sure how many of us would have called the cycle. And as I said, in addition to that, there is some -- what also complicated it in terms of visibility, Kul, is some specific industry dynamics that is going on. So those 2 together make visibility quite poor, and the industry dynamics isn't one. It's probably, I would say, half a dozen things, and some of them are different on one customer than the other. And then on top of it, you've got the sinusoid with noise fluctuating around it. So I guess that's the answer. And we all wished that we could tell the cycles, but we didn't see it and I don't think many people did either. And in fact, just in the past 6 weeks, we've gotten -- the numbers have moved on CapEx as well on the area that we work.
Vincent J. Molinaro: Sure. Thanks. Thanks for the question, Pierre. Like Robyn discussed and mentioned, we were down in Asia Pacific, primarily because of China and Japan, largely due to Service Provider and a few projects that have come to conclusion. And we have seen a first half with some real good design wins that will carry forward. As I look into Q4, in Asia Pacific in general, look to flat to slightly up. And the reason for that, from my perspective, we're seeing growth in Korea, Malaysia, Indonesia, Southeast Asia in general for opportunities for the broad portfolio. Rami just mentioned traffic growth, and specifically in that part of the world, LTE and mobile build-outs presenting opportunities for us in access and aggregation in mobile backhaul as well as traditional core routing, edge and security. I'll also say in Asia Pacific, the focus in our verticals is beginning to resonate with both our Service Provider and Enterprise customers, particularly in Web and in cloud provider, Web 2.0 companies in India and Japan. So hopefully, that rounds out the picture for you. In EMEA -- in EMEA, I kind of characterize that steady as they go. Good first half. And again, as Robyn mentioned, some geopolitical issues in Eastern Europe and Middle East. We are seeing good traction with new design wins across the entire portfolio. And again, that is in our Enterprise and our Service Provider business across all verticals and even in the strategic verticals like higher education, for example. I think the other area of opportunity, the European providers, they typically invest as the demand presents itself. Traffic is growing in EMEA, 38% to 50% in the public space year-on-year. High network utilization, so we're -- and everything mobile. And that growth is pretty significant. So we're watching the industry dynamic and in the geographies that Robyn mentioned. But in general, we just see a steady trend going forward.
Vincent J. Molinaro: Yes. Now let me just tag on that, Rami, with respect to Shaygan mentioned the vertical focus and the customer differentiation. We're starting to see both in Service Provider and in Enterprise a number of data center wins to leverage the portfolio and positioning forward, especially in the massively scalable data centers. We're seeing a much broader architectural conversation that puts us in a position for continued growth. So I'm excited about that. And then automation and everything else that's going on relative to the environment in the data center, looking forward to again diversity and portfolio of customers where we have applications that position and drive our Switching business. So thanks.
Vincent J. Molinaro: And I think from a customer perspective, you've seen the announcement on Nike, and that is a complete portfolio but switch-led. And those are the kinds of opportunities, when you take the full portfolio, leveraging the competence and capability of our switch platform, allows us to get into these global data centers, allows us to provide the agility both on a converged campus as well as among data centers to deliver private cloud. And so I think that's a good example, and it's just a ramp and replication of more opportunities like that where we either lead with routing and pull the switch or lead with switch and pull the broader portfolio. And then I -- think about MetaFabric in general, which is the Routing, Switching, Security where we can lead with that enabling switch technology and pull through the entire portfolio and create that end-to-end solution for customers like Nike and others that we're winning designs around that need to move into production. But it is that better together with leveraging the switch and pulling the rest. MetaFabric is, I think, a perfect example of that.
