Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly. Thanks for the questions, Tim. So, I'll start with the first one around order momentum. And I'll just say that orders have been strong for the last year, the last three quarters over 50% year-over-year growth in orders. And they remain strong now. Our order momentum, what we're seeing in the market, the opportunity out there is very solid, very encouraging and it's true across all of our key strategic vertical market segments, Cloud, SP and Enterprise. So, I'd love to be able to say that we're going to continue to see over 50% year-over-year growth on a continuous basis forever. I mean, that's unrealistic. We have been clear that there is a certain amount of early ordering that happened over the last year. And that will eventually -- we don't know exactly when, but will eventually start to gradually decline. But that said, on an adjusted basis, our organic order, the true reflection of the health of the business will grow this year, and that's because of the strong demand environment, in addition I think to the great differentiation that we enjoy in our solutions. On the SP side of the house, I'm very pleased with the performance that we're seeing in our business. Orders grew well into double-digit territory in the Q4 time frame. Revenue grew 8% year-over-year. Orders for a full year basis was also very solid. We're exiting 2021 with record backlog in this area as well. The strength has to do with the broad-based nature of our go-to-market focus. So, it's not just Tier 1 carriers here in North America where we are actually seeing some encouraging momentum, but also Tier 2, Tier 3, cable and international accounts. 400-gig, which we've talked about a lot as an opportunity, it doesn't only apply to the cloud provider space. There are some significant opportunities out in the Service Provider space, especially in the core segment, and we are winning good amounts of those opportunities right now. And I think that will bode well for us in terms of tailwinds for revenue in the future. And last but not least, you touched on Metro. If you think about the part of the network that will benefit the most from 5G RAN deployments that are happening today, it will be the Metro, which is why we've made a strategic decision to invest in this space. And we don't yet have the complete portfolio, but we have certainly seen encouraging signs that we're on to something and something significant. And just as a data point, I'd tell you that our Metro-focused aggregation switch, which is the ACX family of products, now hit, for the first time, $100 million in bookings run rate in Q4. And that's solution, which I anticipate we will have by the end of this year. So that's a very encouraging data point that suggests that we should see some good tailwinds from the Metro opportunity later this year and especially next year.
Rami Rahim: Thanks for the question, Simon. Let me start on the question around the cloud, and then I'll hand it over to Ken to talk about the contribution of price increases to our revenue growth this year. So, I'm delighted with the momentum we continue to see in our cloud vertical. I think the thing that I like the most about what we're seeing in this area is the diversity of the success that we're seeing, not just within the hyperscalers and the cloud majors or between those two, within each of those categories. So in hyperscalers, we traditionally, as you all know, had a very large customer that generated a lot of the growth over the last several years. It's now really much more distributed across a number of significant hyperscale accounts. And I think that speaks to the strength of our footprint, the strength of our technology and the engagements, the solid engagement that we have with the hyperscale accounts. We have, in addition to hyperscale, been very much focused on broadening within the Tier 2 cloud provider space or what we call the cloud major space, and we've made really great progress. The good news is, much of the technology that we develop for hyperscale applies very much to cloud majors, including a lot of the 400-gig wide area networking and data center investments. But in addition to that, our automation portfolio, so the Apstra technology that makes the act of developing or deploying and running a data center very simple now actually has strong applicability to our cloud majors segment. So, it really is strength across the board, and I'm delighted to see the momentum that we have here.
Rami Rahim: Got it. Got it. Okay. And specifically to routing. So, in routing, whenever you're talking about routing, you should really be focusing on two market opportunities in particular, and that's Cloud and SP. There is obviously also routing that goes into the Enterprise space, but I think our key focus is on Cloud and SP. The big inflection point that's happening right now in both of these segments is around 400-gig. And that is an opportunity for us to take share in that area. But in addition to that, specific to the SP is the Metro opportunity. So, let's talk about 400-gig. I want to be very clear. I am very confident, based on order momentum, right? Not yet seen in revenue because it's still early days in terms of shipping and deployments and building out these networks, but in terms of actual order momentum, where we've seen well over 50% growth for the last three quarters, we're taking share. I am very confident we're taking share. And now add to that in the SP space, the Metro, where there is no way but up for us because it's essentially a brand-new market opportunity for us. It's the fastest-growing subsegment of the routing opportunity within the SP space because that's where most of the 5G traffic needs to flow through. That is another area where I'm very confident we will take share, especially as that portfolio comes together throughout this year.
Rami Rahim: So Paul, I think you touched on the one area, the AI-Driven Enterprise and Mist within that area, where I believe our competitive differentiation has never in the history of this company been this strong. And the order growth rates have been phenomenal. Even in revenue for the Q4 time frame, we posted strong revenue results. And for the full year, we've shown strong revenue results, even in the face of very difficult supply chain challenges that we have had to overcome. There is a couple of key reasons for this. One is the strength of the technology, and we're sitting on some true underlying architectural differences in how we have built these solutions using a scale-out cloud native architecture that can scale to the largest enterprises in the world, exceptional leadership and really solid sales execution because we've invested in our sales, in our channel and our enablement team. So, again, very confident that we are taking share. And I honestly think that that share taking can accelerate as more of those orders that we posted translate to actual revenue and we start to draw down the huge backlog that we built.
Rami Rahim: Yes. It's a great question. First, I'll say -- I'll sort of break it up into two time lines. Over the last couple of years, there were certainly segments or elements of the Enterprise that were actually affected. They experienced headwinds as a result of COVID. But we did a really nice job of pivoting to subsegments that, not only were not affected, but in some cases, had to invest more. So take big box retailers, college campuses, public sector. I think those subsegments experienced an increase in the need to look at networking more strategically, and we captured that opportunity with really differentiated solutions. Now, let's look forward. And as things start to normalize, albeit, of course, very gradually, I don't think that enterprises and CIOs and CTOs of those enterprises are going to be rushing towards the legacy on-prem complexity of the past. They are looking for cloud-delivered, AI-driven solutions for the enterprise. They are also looking for simple data center operations. And I think, honestly, we are best equipped to capture those inflection points. So, yes, I view that the tailwinds in the Enterprise will only increase going forward relative to what we've experienced in the last couple of years. I'm talking about the market tailwinds here.
Rami Rahim: Okay. So, I think the question, if I understood, James, is both about around data center switching and sort of more broadly security. And let me first address the easier part of your question, which is the second part. Everything would have grown if it weren't for supply chain constraints. Literally everything. Because we are currently supply chain constraint in terms of what we're able to ship and, of course, that ties to our revenue. Our data center switching business is performing very well. Throughout all of last year, we have grown orders well into double-digit territory. Our revenue grew for the full year last year as well. Our revenue declined in the Cloud-Ready Data Center in Q4, purely because of the timing of orders relative to the availability of specific parts in this somewhat crazy world we live in from a supply chain standpoint. So honestly, I don't -- I'm not concerned at all about demand or about the solutions that we have available to capture those demands and to compete with our peers in the industry. On the security side, there again, I think look at our security from two standpoints. There's sort of a more mainstream, broad-based security that attaches to our enterprise offerings. That actually grew very nicely. There is also a larger high-performance security segment, which is really characterized with these very large high-performance products, our high-end SRX product line that are just lumpy. They're going to vary from quarter-to-quarter. And you're going to -- you saw some of that in the Q4 time frame. But again, the true reflection, I think, of the health of our security business is in product orders, and that grew well into double-digit territory.
Rami Rahim: Absolutely. Thanks for the really good questions, Sami. So, on the Metro opportunity, and the question specifically is what do we need? So, we have great routing technology. We have a fantastic routing stack, our Junos and Junos Evolved operating systems, are all really critical ingredients. What we need are price and form factor optimized systems to capture the end-to-end Metro opportunity because in metro, you're putting or deploying platforms and sort of the outer reaches of the Internet closer and closer to residential customers and business customers and so on. So you can think about it from a technology development standpoint, it's relatively low-hanging fruit. We have a lot of the most complex pieces. We just have to optimize it in terms of power form factor for that specific opportunity. And that's exactly what we're doing. Why didn't we do it earlier? Simply because we had priorities of investment elsewhere, and now we are making this as a bet. And we're essentially lining that bet with the emergence of the 5G opportunity. And I should also just mention that very importantly in the Metro, there is a software component, a management and day two operations components that we're becoming really good at based on the experience that we've built with Mist in the AI-Driven Enterprise, and more recently, Apstra in the data center. Okay. With -- that leads us to then the second question with Apstra. Apstra today is primarily focused. The bulk of the business and deployment that we have on the data center, not 100%. We do have some campus and other opportunities. But really, it's the data center is the primary opportunity. Apstra is the only open-management solution for the data center in the industry. It's the best from an operational experience standpoint. They wrote the book on intent-based networking, and it's the higher scale. It scales to the largest customers in the world. And that's the differentiation that's allowing us to win more and more full stack data center opportunities or just pure software opportunities. Eventually, we might look at expanding the reach of Apstra beyond the data center. But right now, quite frankly, I'm much more focused on the data center opportunity. We've got formidable competitors in this space and we want to make sure that we continue to deliver the best possible solutions for our customers.
Rami Rahim: Yes. It's actually a great question. I think a lot of the strength and the momentum that we've seen over the last year has actually been more driven by existing footprint, existing deployments that we have within both our service provider and our cloud customers. But having said that, we have been competing for and winning new 400-gig opportunities in both segments. And we alluded, I think, starting a couple of quarters ago, to a fairly large hyperscale cloud provider WAN, in other words, routing win. Those opportunities might have contributed to some extent to our orders and to our backlog but not yet to revenue. So, the quick summary is most of the strength and the momentum thus far has been existing footprint, but great win that will continue to give us tailwinds throughout this year and next year as those opportunities start to actually deploy.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I think it's fair to think of this as deployment will happen throughout this year, probably more in the second half of the year. Typically, the sequence of events is there's a testing period as part of an RFP process. There is winning the opportunity and then there's a certification period where you work closely with the customer to do use case-specific testing and getting it ready for early feed trials and then ultimately into deployment. So, maybe sort of second half of this year time frame. And that's typically true of most large-scale WAN wins, whether they be in the cloud provider space or the service provider space.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Well, listen, I just wanted to thank everybody. I appreciate the time and the interest, as well as the confidence that you placed in our -- in myself and in my management team. I hope you can see the confidence that we have in our prospects, both in terms of our ability to deliver revenue growth as well as profitability, and not just for this year but on a sustainable basis. So, thank you. And we'll talk soon.
Ken Miller: Yes. Thanks, George. I think, I mean, you’re -- what you're imagining is largely playing out. I mean, we did do the pricing increases last year that we referred to. I would say customers aren't happy about price increases. I think that's an obvious statement. But they are understanding, right? And for the vast majority of the cases, we are able to implement the pricing actions as we expected to. So feel good about what we've done, feel good about the market reception overall. And it should pay off for us as that starts to go through the top line, which we anticipate more of that rolling in the second half of this year.
Ken Miller: Yes, it is fair. I mean, we are doing it deal by deal and sometimes customer-by-customer situations, but we are seeing acceptance across the board.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, we did an action in the first half of last year around June. There was a partial action, if you will. It didn't impact all of our products. The action we took in Q4 was more expansive and impacted all of our hardware products. So, we did take two actions. We are seeing some of the realization from the first action, but the second action was, I think, would be more impactful for us.
Ken Miller: Yes. And on the pricing action, we have considered that when we provided the guidance of 7% to 9% growth this year. And we haven't quantified exactly how much it is. But just to let you know, the majority -- the reason why we did the pricing action was really to offset as much of the price increases as we can. So, it's really more about protecting margin and trying to offset some of those margin headwinds. It will result in some revenue growth, obviously, and is factored into the overall guide.
Ken Miller: Yes. We haven't seen anything notable in the last 30 days. I would say we've seen pretty constant supply constraints for the last few quarters, right? So we have seen, I'm not going to say it's a good environment. It still remains constrained, but we haven't seen anything noticeable in the last 30 days. We expect lead times to remain extended we expect the cost obviously is definitely going out on the cost of components, et cetera. The one thing I would point out, although we comment that it's going to be remain contained for the year, particularly in the first half, we do believe we have line of sight to absolute volume increases year-over-year, right? I mean, we're guiding to a full year growth of 7% to 9% revenue growth. So, at this point in time, even with the constrained environment, and we're not getting as much supplies as we would like to get, we do believe we're getting enough to satisfy that revenue outlook.
Ken Miller: Yes. The only thing I would add on the security front is if you take the full year view in our product business, security business grew 14%. So, you are seeing this kind of an anomaly in any given 90-day period with the Q4 results. We're pretty pleased with the overall security performance throughout the course of the year.
Ken Miller: Yes. No, thanks for the question. So, our 2022 revenue guide of 7% to 9% is absolutely constrained by supply. If we could access more supply, the guidance would likely be much higher, given the demand strength that we've seen, given the backlog that we’ve built out. So, it is a supply-constrained forecast, if you will. Now, what we said -- nothing's changed and that we still believe the supply chain is going to remain challenged. That said, our confidence in our line of sight to procuring the supply that we need for the year has changed a bit, right? So we were talking about at least mid-single digits. We just had a little more volatility in our assumptions 90 days ago. Now that we're 90 days forward, we feel better about saying 7% to 9%. So, we did raise it from at least mid-single to 7% to 9% basically on our confidence level and our ability to procure supply we need to deliver that revenue goal.
Ken Miller: Yes. So supply constraints are really across the board, and you are seeing ebbs and flows as we solve a particular problem, maybe another problem pops up. As it relates to MX specifically, you could see from the revenue results anyway, Q3 was actually down overall in kind of our SP business and Q4 was up. So we did ship more in Q4 than we did in, say, Q3. But that's going to vary quarter-to-quarter based on timing of orders, but more importantly, timing of supply. So I don't feel there's a unique supply constraint or situation with our MX line cards. It really is kind of across the board, across all of our products and solutions.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, we have factored in our total operating cost expectations for 2022, not only for investment purposes, but also retaining employees. So yes, that is factored into our fall plans, including our expansion plans to expand operating margin.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, I'll tell you that both, freight is a big chunk of it, as well as just component costs and expedite fees. So I would categorize component costs and expedite fees is kind of the same bucket. If you look at that as a combined group versus freight, both are effectively equally impactful to that number.
