Kevin R. Johnson: Thanks, Kathleen, and welcome, everyone. Juniper executed well in the first quarter, delivering results that were better than forecast in a market environment that, as expected, continue to be dynamic by geography. I'll provide some detail on how we see business unfolding here in the first half of the year, including the solid traction we're seeing with our new products. I've also asked Stefan Dyckerhoff, who heads our Platforms Systems Division, to provide some further depth from the progress we are making on our innovation agenda. After Stefan's comments, Robyn will provide the financial review. First quarter results reflect demand from our large Service Provider customers and some declines in Enterprise routing. Geographically, we saw continued headwinds in EMEA, as expected. But we saw good wins and activity across all of our theaters. We're also seeing new products contribute to results, including a solid first full quarter of revenue from our recently introduced T4000 core router. Our switching performance remains solid in light of the market environment, and we're gaining traction with our QFabric offerings. In security, SRX posted good results in the first quarter. Customers have responded very positively to the recent update of the user interface of security configuration and device management software. We are continuing to manage prudently and carefully in this environment. Service providers continue to be thoughtful with their spending. Our largest customers have a clear focus on maximizing efficiency as measured by capital to spend to revenue. The focus on efficiencies supporting important architectural transitions, such as the convergence of the wireline and wireless Edge, which is a great opportunity for our MX Series of Edge routers. In fact, our recent MX capacity upgrades, coupled with the T4000 core router's powerful throughput, enables Juniper to leverage our install base on both the core and the Edge. These differentiated products are helping customers reduce their cost per bit of traffic, while driving operating efficiencies across their business. Service Providers drive for capital spending efficiency aligns with the strategic priority of the drive our innovation agenda. We are innovating in areas that are highly relevant to our customers, both in mobility and in the cloud. We're delivering differentiated solutions that change the economics and experience of networking for our customers. We are taking an architectural approach for solutions that enable our customers to address some of the most critical challenges they face. And it's important to keep in mind that architectural changes take time and close customer collaboration. We feel good about how our customers, both existing Juniper customers and new customers, are responding to our approach and our solution. The T4000 generated good revenue in the first quarter. We recorded our first PTX revenues and are pleased with the orders we are receiving. We continue to win new customers with QFabric, and we are enabling numerous production deployments. Within security, we continue to strengthen our portfolio with new features and improved usability. As we move forward, we will continue to focus on execution. Our new products are a result of good execution in R&D, and we continue to expand our go-to-market capabilities. Our innovation agenda is on track. We are confident in the value of the solutions we are delivering, and the customer traction and feedback we are seeing supports that confidence. We believe in the long-term fundamentals driving the new network. Our strategy for long-term value creation is clear, and it consists of 5 key elements. One, we are a pure play in high-performance networking, with an addressable market opportunity for Juniper that is large and growing; two, we are an innovation-driven company, which means we will continue to invest in R&D that delivers customer value; three, we are leveraging our R&D investment across both the Service Provider and Enterprise customer base; four, we are diversifying that customer base by broadening our Service Provider business and by expanding breadth and depth in both Service Provider and Enterprise; and five, we are complementing our systems strategy with the software business centered on the one Junos platform. Our long-term view is positive. Certainly, the near-term environment requires continued caution, and we're addressing that with a focus on execution and adherence to our operating principles. Trends of mobile Internet and cloud have created the potential for transformational opportunity for Juniper. With great innovation and great execution, we believe we are positioned very well to capitalize on the opportunity in front of us. With that, I'll hand off to Stefan.
Kevin R. Johnson: I think -- first of all, I think, it's perhaps a bit too early to outline what we think will happen for carrier capital expenditures for the full year. Obviously, we look at the guidance that our large customers provide for capital expenditures. And I think there's a couple of things that we observe, one is that with our large U.S. tier-1 Service Providers. In Q1, their capital expenditures were about 21% to 22% of what they've guided for full year, which does show that there's -- it's reverting back to a more seasonal pattern that we've seen several years ago, at least with that Q1 number. There's still are significant headwinds in Europe, and I think that's, that one that we've seen service providers be very cautious in their capital expenditures. And so I think it's still a fairly dynamic environment. I think our focus is going to be clearly on execution. Now as we've got these new products in market and we're engaging with customers for the architectural designing win and the trials to get these products deployed and drive revenue, that's going to be our primary focus. But overall, I'd say it's still a bit of a mixed bag and it's too early to call.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. I think it's a very valid question. Certainly, we're at an interesting point in the evolution of the company, in that, we've just released some very significant products. And so the R&D expenditures for those products are at the peak as we're releasing those, whether it's PTX, T4000, QFabric, as an example, and yet the revenue hasn't kicked in on those products. So as a result, we end up with an operating expense envelope that's higher as a percentage of revenue than we would like long term. So the key for us right now is drive execution on the go-to-market side and drive that top line revenue to get leverage on the R&D investment. Now clearly, the operating principles that we've stated for 2012 are clear that we view that Q1 to be the point that we're going to build some operating leverage throughout the year, and much of that's going to come from top line revenue. But clearly, it's up to us to really drive execution in market and translate the investment we've made in R&D to top line revenue and a return for shareholders.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. I'll comment on the third part of your question, specifically on security. I think it was a -- this was a strong quarter for us with the SRX. I think it was roughly within $1 million of the highest quarter we've had of SRX revenue. And I mean it reflects the strength that we're seeing in the scenarios for Service Provider, and I think we've been very transparent that the work we're doing around our security designer software, which is basically software that is the user interface for configuring and managing these security devices in the enterprise, we had an initial release -- or a release of that software in Q1. We've got some further releases coming throughout the year. We've been very open with our customers. And so the focus that we have in many ways on our security agenda is to really address the opportunity to improve the user interface and user experience for enterprise customers as they configure and manage these security devices, and we're seeing good response thus far in the quarter from the work that we've done, and we've got a good road map, and I think at the Financial Analyst Meeting, we'll provide a deeper dive on the overall end-to-end security strategy.
Kevin R. Johnson: And I'll just add to that, I think we saw an opportunity in China that pushed out of Q1 that we're still focused on, and I think as Robyn said, we've got a very good Service Provider business in Japan and relationship in Japan. But we have an opportunity in Japan to diversify our customer base and expand beyond the set of service providers into other service providers and into more enterprise customers through our partners in Japan. And so I look at the emerging market opportunities that we have and China and India and how we continue to drive execution and diversifying the customer base in Japan.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes. Nikos, I'll take your second question and refer back to the operating principles that we've stated for 2012, and I think -- your first question on what will addressable market do in growth, is a relevant question, because one of the operating principles we have is we got to drive to grow faster than the market. And so when markets expand faster, that gives us more opportunity to grow and when they expand slower. We do think we're in a growth market, but frankly the focus is going to be as the operating principle states, which is growing faster than the market. And then the second part of your question is the way to drive operating leverage on the op margin is to drive the top line revenue by monetizing this great set of new products that we've just released in the marketplace. And we've been working hard for a number of years on these products, the silicon that goes into these products, the systems and the software, put together with an architectural approach. And now that we have these products in market, it's up to us to really drive execution and monetize that investment that we've made in R&D. And so the operating principle that states growing and expanding the operating margin from Q1, combined with the operating principle about growing faster than the market, would be sort of the guiding principle. So, Robyn, anything else you want to add.
Kevin R. Johnson: I'll take the first one and then hand it over to Robyn. Look, in the Service Provider marketplace, the observation that I would have is there's -- certainly in Europe, there's a geographic commonality that's sort of impacted by the macro situation in Europe that creates a certain pattern of cautiousness on those service providers. Then on other service providers, it's on a case-by-case basis. It sort of depends on where they are in the project cycle and how they prioritize things. In some cases, as they're growing their mobile Internet business, they may have one set of priorities and then shift to other priorities. So there's not a common pattern that you see across all of them. But the one thing that is common is certainly they've built their business around delivering value to their customers in the form of networks, and those networks are transitioning to IP packet-switched network, which creates opportunity for us. So that is the one commonality that I see in Service Providers. But there's not some common pattern -- your question was kind of month-to-month. There wasn't some common pattern that I would say fit all service providers. There's some geographic and then it's kind of case-by-case, depending on the customer's situation.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the gross margins, what I said in my prepared remarks was that actually product revenue -- our product gross margins were up slightly quarter-over-quarter, and that was reflective of the slightly higher routing mix in the overall product revenue. So in terms of the headline gross margin number at 62.6%, it is a decline quarter-over-quarter, but it was mainly the result, in fact, primarily the result of the services gross margin. So what we've seen this quarter with services gross margin, they actually went to 56.8% as a result of the increase in employee expenses, typical of the first quarter but also an increase in spare parts costs because we are bringing the new products to market. So those costs were up quarter-over-quarter. So from an overall gross margin perspective, we expect them to be roughly flat in the second quarter, in line with revenue. As we improve or increase the proportion of routing revenue to total revenue for product, the gross margins will increase. And so yes, as Kevin said, we're expecting to drive leverage in the model through the top line, but we're also looking at improvements in the product gross margins as we move forward here with the new product introductions as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the T4000, PTX revenue and QFabric revenue, we haven't disclosed those, and we're not going to now. They're modest amounts of revenue. Obviously QFabric is growing a couple of quarters now revenue that is growing nicely. PTX, it was the first quarter of revenue, and we're very pleased with the revenue that we recorded in the quarter, and as Stefan mentioned, the orders that we received for that. In terms of T4000, the same thing. Obviously we started shipping late in the fourth quarter. Again, first full quarter of revenue, and we're pleased with the customer engagement that we have on that front. In terms of the ramp of those products, it's too early to call that at this point. We will talk a little bit more about that at the Analyst Meeting in a few weeks here.
Robyn M. Denholm: Okay. So in terms of operating margin, what I said in the prepared remarks is that Q2 will be somewhere between 12% and 14%, reflective of the flat to up revenue, with similar gross margins and similar OpEx to the first quarter. Our operating principle is to expand operating margins through the year, and so we're very focused on that, as Kevin mentioned and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in terms of continuing to drive revenue growth and continuing to drive operational efficiencies across the company as well. So in terms of APAC, what I talked about in my prepared remarks, and then maybe Kevin would like to comment as well, was that we did see year-over-year declines. The primary reason for that is Q1 of last year, which was pre-tsunami, if you remember tsunami was 03/11. We actually had completed in the first quarter a large service provider deployment in Japan. We talked about that at the time. And so our year-over-year comparisons were very high for Q1 of last year, and so that was the year-over-year decline story in Japan. We did see a sequential increase in Service Provider demand in Japan, which we were pleased about.
Robyn M. Denholm: No, I think that's good. In terms of absolute numbers and that type of thing in terms of the model, we're obviously not putting out a new model at this point. We're talking about the operating principles and growing faster than the market in this environment.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. Mark, in terms of the gross margins, I mean in the near-term, as I said before, we do expect the gross margins to stay in this range. So for Q2, we believe that they'll be roughly flat with the first quarter, reflective of some modest increase at the high end and in terms of revenue, but the gross margins will be roughly the same. In terms of competition and pricing and that type of thing in the marketplace, we obviously are in a competitive market. We have been for a long period of time. Our strategy is very clear though. We deliver innovation to the market, which drives tremendous efficiencies in CapEx and also in OpEx for our customers. And so that is our main focus in terms of delivering the innovation to market. And we will continue to work on the gross margin structure both in terms of the cost side but also as the mix of products increases, particularly with the new products. We'll see gross margins increase as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes. In terms of the revenue guidance for the second quarter, we are looking at flat to slightly up in terms of revenue overall. And in terms of the sectors, what we're anticipating is obviously flat to slightly up from a Service Provider perspective and also from an Enterprise perspective, just given the current environment. In terms of the overall gross margins, I think you talked about -- I'm sorry, it was pricing, I miswrote that. So the pricing environment, as I mentioned, in the last question on gross margins, it's obviously a competitive environment. It has been, for quite some time, in terms of the market dynamics. But it hasn't changed our philosophy in terms of delivering innovation to the market and total cost of ownership for our customers. I mean clearly, as Kevin has mentioned before on the earnings call, we will compete on price to win new customers on a selective basis. And so we will continue to do that on a selective basis, particularly as it relates to extending our reach into certain customers and certain markets and geographies. But overall, the market environment is pretty consistent with what it's been over the last number of quarters.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, if the mix of product with similar to the mix of product of Q1 of last year, the gross margins would have been similar to what they were a year ago. There wouldn't be that big a difference in terms of the line items of gross margins on the individual products are pretty consistent with were they were a year ago. So that's why in terms of my discussion on the call, it is still mainly the result of product mix with our routing proportion of revenue being relatively low compared to historical averages.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of Q1, Q1 pretty much unfolded as we were expecting. Obviously slightly better with our U.S. -- largely with Service Provider customers. So slightly better. But basically the quarter unfolded as we expected it to unfold. In terms of our visibility as we go into Q2, it's about the same. We have obviously -- our product book-to-bill for Q1 was just under 1. We exit Q1 with slightly less backlog then we entered the quarter, but that's typical of the first quarter. And actually we are pretty pleased with the backlogs that we have going into the second quarter. Our deferred revenue from a product perspective is essentially flat sequentially, so we've got visibility to the balance sheet as well. And we also, obviously, continue our dialogues with customers not just about the new product but existing products and design wins that we work with them on and other customer opportunities. So in terms of visibility, it's about the same as it was coming into the first quarter. No better, no worse than 90 days ago.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: So let me start by talking a little bit about the Open Networking Summit where actually my team was well represented. Michael Beesly, our CTO, presented together with one of our customers on the data center side to talk about how we see the use of SDN type technology in the data center and for enterprises, specifically. So when I think about SDN, I see a lot of the goals that we've outlined for the new network in terms of improved economics, experiences and unleashing innovation on top of the network reflected in the industry movement that is SDN. And certainly we have been at the forefront of that movement through opening up APIs into our operating system with the Junos SDK, through supporting all of the various technologies that are parts of SDN, whether that be OpenFlow or BD [ph], BTE or PCE. We are going to continue to focus on the programmability as one of the key aspects that we can deliver with Junos. So when you then say, "Okay, what's the use of that technology in the data center?" One of the key things to realize is that virtualization drives the need to reconfigure the network but also drives performance in the network. So a flat, anything in connectivity between the services is very important for an SDN-type deployment. And certainly the customers that have adopted QFabric, whether that's a Thomson Reuters or whether that's a Deutsche Boers or more recently Qihoo 360, have all seen that benefit play out in the physical infrastructure. And then on top of that, they will make sure that they have the probability to actually deploy the services on top of that infrastructure. So we don't see that there's a choice between SDN or QFabric. QFabric is part of our new network strategy, and programmability is always going to be at the forefront of that strategy and SDN share some of those goals. Now lastly, to your point around the 150 customers, so we have a mix of deployments for the customers who have adopted the QFX product line. They range from top-of-rack to full fabric. The reason they adopt the product line is because we have strategic alignment with them on the architecture that they want to deploy going forward. And so the focus for us is to give them a great experience as they adopt the key pieces of technology and there's a good number of them that actually adopt the full fabric, and as I mentioned, the first 2 in live deployment as of the first quarter. So we're very happy with the progress that we're making there, and just continue to focus on execution with the customer engagements.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: So Ehud, this is Stefan. If I can just expand on the QFabric part of your question. As we look at the QFabric product line, all of our customers, it's an architectural discussion, and we start with whatever they want to start with, whether the top-of-rack that they need to deploy, has to deploy 10-gig service, they can leverage their investment through taking the on-ramp to the QFabric, so it's a gradual approach that they can take in order to deploy their capital more efficiently going forward. Certainly with the distributive nature of top-of-racks, you made a good step forward in adopting the full system, if you have deployed the top-of-racks, and it will make it significantly simpler. And as their businesses dictate that additional performance of a data center, they're going to go do that. But we're very happy with the kind of architectural alignment we have with the customers and the road that they're on.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: And let me finally comment on some of the new products. So with our newest release of Junos, we support the T4K, the MX upgrade, as well as the PTX. So as we look at customer qualifications for those, the PTX have contributed minimal revenue in the quarter, and we see a qualification time that is in the 9- to 12-month range typically for such a new system. And then from there our customers, we'll move to deployment. On the T4000, had a slightly higher revenue contribution in the quarter, and we would expect the qualification times to be in the 6- to 9-month range with that type of upgrade. And again, customers will deploy the capital prudently as they move through the year once they have the system qualified. And then last but not least on the MX, we saw good uptake on the MX upgrades in the quarter as we enable those with our new release of Junos, and we're optimistic about the traction of those upgrades as we move through the year.
Stefan Dyckerhoff: So on router growth, I think what we saw -- what we are seeing overall is that certainly IP technology is a bigger, bigger portion of what drives the business for Service Provider. However, as Kevin mentioned, we think service are going -- service providers are going to continue to be cautious with their CapEx, and that applies to all areas of the business. So I think it's a little bit too early to call the market growth for the rest of the year. Certainly as we work with our Service Provider customers, and we see their plans for deployment of capital towards the markets we address, I think we're in a very good position. But the overall environment for our Service Provider CapEx is something that will remain somewhat uncertain throughout the rest of the year as we stated.
