Rami Rahim: I'll take that. So, there are few factors. First and foremost, as we mentioned within the cloud vertical, the MX to PTX transition is at this point largely behind us. And so while the pace of deployments in the cloud within the areas where we have strengths has been slower, we at least have reduced the impact of the product transition that was a big impact for us in 2018. Second, I would put the product roadmap. 2019 is a very big year for us from the standpoint of introducing new products across the board, especially in routing and switching. And yes, in particular for 400 gig but even in advance of 400 gig will be denser 100 gig products. Couple that with some of the optics innovations that we are going to be introducing to the market and we are going to have a very big year from the standpoint of just new innovation that we're putting into the market. Some of those happened this quarter, so our MX refresh, our MX5G refresh which gives us an opportunity to upgrade our very broad based MX product portfolio with tens of thousands of chassis, hundreds of thousands of empty slots worldwide, gives us an opportunity to start selling and seeing a meaningful revenue contribution in the second half. The third factor that I would add would be just the sales changes that we are making. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are making changes that are somewhat challenging in the short-term, but I have complete conviction are the right changes for the Company in the longer term, and I do believe that we will start to see the benefits of those changes in the second half of the year. So that’s how I would that stack rank or at least provide a color on the factors that give us confidence in the second half.
Rami Rahim: Simon, it's always difficult to predict how much that is a factor, but I would say thus far that has not been a big contribution to the impact. I think it's mostly the general weakness within the service provider vertical and the slowing of deployments in areas where we have strength within the cloud vertical. And on the cloud, I would say that the opportunity is still very much there to take net new footprints and that's what we are absolutely focused on right now.
Rami Rahim: Let me address those in order. So first 5G, 5G I think does represent a meaningful opportunity for Juniper to see not just a recovery in our routing business, but honestly it takes share opportunity for us. That said I think it's going to be slow and steady. We are going to be running our business assuming that the challenges within the service provider vertical persist, but we are going to be preparing ourselves to capitalize on 5G opportunities as they become increasingly meaningful to our business. And to be more specific, first you mentioned routing, yes, I mean routing is a big area of innovation for 5G because 5G promises to put lot more capacity in the networking demand and we are going to be prepared for that with our silicon and software roadmap to capture the opportunity. Secondarily security, you saw the strength that we experienced in our security vertical in our security technology in the Q4 timeframe. A big contributor that strength has been in our high end firewall technology that has seen its way into all the key segment but especially in service provider and especially to support mobile networks. And I think as the world moves to 5G the need to secure the infrastructure the data the users at scale without impacting performance only increases. And third is telco cloud. 5G is necessarily going to be a cloud needed technology. Many of the most strategic engagement that we have with our SP customers today are around the transition towards a telco cloud architecture. And I'm happy to report the win rate has been really, really encouraging. Across the globe we are now entering into more and more strategic build out of telco cloud opportunity that start with Contrail edge cloud as a software, but gives us the opportunity to up sell into switching routing security and our virtual services. It's not yet a meaningful revenue contributor, but I do think it starts to meaningfully contribute especially as 5G becomes more of a factor. On your question about 400 gig, I think the real revenue contribution for 400 gig will be next year in the 2020 timeframe, but the decisions or at least some of the decisions will start to be made third in the cloud space and then followed shortly by the service provider space. So I think we are going to be well prepared with really fantastic technology and there is right timing for that technology this year to capture that opportunity across our entire routing and switching footprint and product line.
Rami Rahim: Yes, sure, so look within the cloud vertical as I mentioned, the product transition is now largely behind us and is less and less of factor with every passing quarter. The new build outs are taking longer to happen slower than what we had originally anticipated, but importantly you have to recognize that the port growth is actually still growing and growing meaningfully. So based on that based on our very tight connection that we have with our cloud provider customers, I do not believe that we are losing footprint that is not the issue that is slowing us down here. It really is just a matter of our cloud provider customers now consuming the capacity that they have built into their networks, and yes, running them harder before they increase their buildup. The cloud CapEx opportunity all up for us I think remained healthy. What we need to do now is capture new footprint in particular as we get closer and closer to the data center where our penetration within the hyperscale cloud providers is still very low. We have done a great job of penetrating the smaller cloud providers and enterprises and switching we have not yet been able to penetrate the hyperscale switching environment and that’s a big focus for us going forward.
Rami Rahim: '19 relative to '18 is definitely a very different picture in terms of new product introductions. So '18, it was probably more of a normal year maybe a little bit light, '19 is a very different picture in terms of the sheer of volume of product we will be introducing into the markets. Just to give you an idea four new custom silicon engines being their way into very different routing and switching product lines as well as merchant silicon offerings for the switching environment as well. And not to mention across the board in terms of our automation telemetry orchestration management software that we are going to continue to see substantial enhancements throughout year. So 2019 is a very big year from a product standpoint. On the SP side, I think the market dynamics are just difficult within the service providers right now. As you know CapEx is sort of flattish, has been flattish for some period of time. I think many of the service providers are focusing on things like 5G ran on acquisition of content providers et cetera et cetera and we have to play that out. I do very much believe that we are maintaining the strong connections to our Tier 1 telco customer that we enjoy worldwide. And again in areas of future growth, especially in telco 5 transformation I think we are doing very well but just not enough to contribute and to offset the weakness in the more traditional areas.
Rami Rahim: Let me start on the question about the cloud maybe, Ken, can address some of the questions about the outlook. So, the factors within the cloud vertical were one the product transition itself that we talked that linked about over a number of quarters now. And then last quarter we talked about some of the slowness that’s happening within the card vertical and investment in areas where we have strength. Assuming that that slowness continues that the pace of investments in the WAN area, the routing areas of the cloud market in particular the hyperscale cloud market persist, then yes, I think we will need net new footprint in order to achieve the growth that we outlined in our long-term model that we provided in our November analyst event. If for any reason the pace that which they are investing in the routing area picks up then obviously that’s lessens the requirements on obtaining net new footprints. Either way, we are absolutely focused from a technology, from an engagement from a software, a hardware standpoint on winning net new footprints, and I'm confident that we can.
Rami Rahim: So I have utmost confidence that the PTX product line is the right product line, especially for cloud routing buildups. And as I mentioned, the transition from MX to PTX happened for a reason and that is that the PTX was extremely well received by our largest hyperscale cloud providers. And I do think, it's actually a unique platform in the industry in terms of robustness, physical scale, logical scale, programmability. All the things that are cloud customers truly care about. And the port growth within the PTX product line has actually been quite healthy. The factor that is impacting us today is simply the pace of which these build outs would with the PGF are happening they are slower than what we had anticipated and so even with more normalized pricing declines on a year-over-year basis it just has not been enough to get us to growth. That's essentially what's happening with the product in that transition. But again, I just want to emphasize, I think the PTX is a wonderful product and it's extremely well receive by all of our cloud customers.
Rami Rahim: Certainly, so, first the changes that we've made in go-to-market are changes that we have been thinking about now for several months and we've now put into effect. The first of which is around having a more of its segments based model in go-to-market while we protect resources and we create more focused on success in each of our key verticals HP cloud and enterprise. But additionally, we've made some really tough decisions, but I think the right decisions and addressing benefit tool and minimizing the layers of the organization in making the overall go-to-market organization much more efficient. And even while preserving the investments in the quarter market our organizations, we have now increased the number of quota-carrying sales reps that will help us, especially in continuing the momentum or even accelerating the momentum that we've enjoyed in the enterprise vertical. None of these changes are easy, but I have utmost conviction that they are the right ones for the Company and they are going to pay off for us later this year. And I should just point out that Ken and I and Jeff are actually in Las Vegas right now at our global sales kickoff, where we have the opportunity to engage with our global sales and support organization. And I think people are feeling very good about the changes, even though they are disruptive and can be little unsettling in the short-term. There is general consensus they are absolutely the right changes for the Company and people are quite optimistic that we can leverage these changes to achieve success and win.
Rami Rahim: We're not calling that right now. We are essentially seeing the slowdown in the routing market where we have the strength. But I do want to emphasize, when I look at the overall cloud opportunity. And yet we have real strength in the wider area in routing and DCI, data center interconnect, we have an incredible opportunity to move into net new footprint. And again, when we have a CTO, Bikash Koley that comes from that world that has been shaping our product strategy and our engagement strategy to attach towards that opportunity especially a 400 gig becomes a real momentum driver later this year. I think our ability to capture more of that share in the broader cloud opportunity is absolutely there.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I think it's still too early to call any sort of the benefit from the new cycle and the concern around Huawei technology. However, having said that, I mean Juniper is a company that takes the security and the safety of our product extremely seriously and to the extent to more and more of our customers internationally put focus on these types of concerns and I do think it could present an opportunity that we will be capitalizing on. But at this point and were still competing on the merits of our technology.
Rami Rahim: And I think, George, the part of your question is really around. Are we seeing competitive displacement? Or is it really just consumption of capacity that we're selling into the areas of the network within the cloud base that is that has traditionally been very strong for us? And I can tell you just based on all the information we have the engagements what we have this is not a matter of competitive displacement. We are as you might imagine working very closely with our key hyperscale customers in their network buildout and particular in the routing domains and the wider year domain. And we are fulfilling their capacitor requirements and we see this and based on that engagement, but also based on the port growth that we are seeing and what we are selling. It's just a matter of the more normalized pricing compression that we're now seeing on a year-over-year basis, has not yet sort of outpace if there is by the it's not yet outpace by the increase in capacity. As that plays out if the pace accelerate so I think we benefit from that and we do have an opportunity to capture net new footprints opening routing areas where we don't yet have presence as well as especially internationally, as well as in the switching domain.
Rami Rahim: Certainly, yes, so we are pleased with our momentum in the EMEA region growing 6% year-over-year. It's actually broad based so the strength is across enterprise and service providers cloud as well as cloud is less of a factor in the EMEA region. It's also we are seeing strength across all technologies areas routing and switching. I think it really comes down to strong sales execution in that region. In fact, our new sales leader, Marcus Jewell, for a global sales organization was running in the EMEA region until he was promoted to that role. And I do think that one thing that we have done very effectively in the EMEA region is to sale the broad strength of our solutions. So when I talk about our telco cloud transformation or Contrail Enterprise Multicloud to help in multicloud connectivity for the enterprise domain, EMEA has led the way and demonstrating what's possible by up selling into these solutions, and I think they have benefited from that. The key now, especially with some of these go to market changes that we have put in place is to replicate that model that has proven itself to be successful need in that region across the world.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so last quarter was approximately 10 this quarter actually crossed 10 for the first time. And based on the deals that we see and visibility we have, I do think it's going to modulate plus or minus a bit off of that category. I'm not expecting a material drop down to something 7 to 5 or anything that nature, but I do think 10% that we crossed in Q4 is not repeatable in the first half of next year. But directionally over the next several years, I'm quite confident that software as a percent for total revenue will only go up and exactly put a long-term model out there of greater than 15% by 2021. So, we are well on track to achieve that on a full year basis quarter getting fluctuate a bit quarter-to-quarter.
Rami Rahim: Look, the security market has always been extremely competitive and I think the recipe for us was to come-up with a technological advantage but and also a solution and the go-to-market advantage. From a technology standpoint one of things that I think we've always done better than anybody else is, the combination of richness of the features coupled with scale and performance and then we've seen that in the high-end firewall and I think that has work for us. Honestly one of the reasons why we saw some weakness in security prior to a year-ago was because it took us a little too long to do that high-end refresh. As soon as we determined that this was necessary we really started to spread up but as soon as we introduce that we have confidence that it would work for us we knew there would be differentiated and it's doing exactly that is working very effectively for us. Additionally, now as I mentioned earlier, we have integrated security into all of our solution offering so as we think about multi-cloud solutions that help our customers to manage distributed assets across private and public cloud. We've now worked security into that broad offering and it's become a real compelling reason for our customers and to purchase securities for us. So across the board I think we found the recipe and it is working well. Yes, I mean 18% double-digit growth on a sustained basis, I don't -- I do not think is a practical thing to assume. But I do think that continued momentum in the cards yet.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so Contrail is relatively small. We're not going breakout the total dollars. I would say that the primary value that as we've been talking about for quite some time is not just the monetization of Contrail, but the actual discussion around the customers and architectures that were promoting with Contrail and the strategic nature of the sale. So, we're not going to breakout the numbers, but it is growing by itself, but it's actually alignment to win large opportunities in both service provider and enterprise and that's really a biggest impact to our numbers. On a tariff perspective, I will say from a gross margin perspective, it had about a 30 basis point impact to the Q4 gross margin. I've also factored a similar level into the Q1 gross margin. From a revenue perspective, again, it's difficult to quantify whether any pool ends because of potentially concerns of higher tariffs. I do not believe we have a material revenue change because of tariff. I think it was pretty much normal course and speed in Q4. At this point, I'm expecting similar in Q1. I'm not expecting anything impact of tariffs on the top line.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so we are very pleased with that award. I think it's just one of many that we would see with net new logos in the quarter. I believe that was more of a routing opportunity but one that we are very proud of. Beyond that I think as we highlighted in the press release.
Rami Rahim: Thank you everyone for your questions. We look forward to speaking and meeting with you over the next couple of months.
Ken Miller: Yes and just to add Paul, from an ASP perspective, we are seeing what I would refer to just kind of normal pricing decline on a per capacity basis. You know the big headwind of MX to PTX is behind as Rami mentioned are largely behind us. There is still going to traditional routing pricing erosion that we are still seeing. And what's happening in the port growth although it's up, it's not enough to offset that kind of normal price curve. So port growth is up and that will be expected it to be and therefore the math has yet to turn to our favor on a real cloud routing.
Ken Miller: Yes, we were expecting general pressure in service provider. We have experienced that for several quarters in a row. Down 15% year on year though that was not what we expected as we entered the quarter, nor do I think that’s the new normal going forward, that's really just customer concentration and lumpiness of the business. It really does fluctuate quarter to quarter but that’s not a trend that we expect persist going forward at that level.
Ken Miller: Yes, on the revenue side as we mentioned on the remarks and in the commentary we do expect sequential growth from here. I also highlighted that I expect the second half to be a stronger trend in the first half. And we expect to return to growth at some point in the second half. That said the EPS guidance that I put out there of a $1.75 to $1.85 does not depend on full year revenue growth this year. We are still striving for full year revenue growth but our EPS model does not depend on that. From a Q1 specific what is kind of changed, I would say the two things that what's calling out are obviously the federal government shutdown as we mentioned earlier, the sales disruption. So based on visibilities that I see now for Q1, I believe the Q1 guidance is very appropriate. I do believe some of the sales force option has been factored into that visibility and that should improve throughout the year. And we are still committed to long-term model I think that’s important to note.
Ken Miller: Yes, so I won't give you exact numbers, but I will tell you kind of the order of magnitude I would put, I would put cloud first and you think of that is kind of continuation of our Q4 results. So I think sequential is Q4 to Q1 are down primarily because of our actions in Q4, largely cloud deployment base and some service providers as well that would be number one. The second one I would argue with sales force disruption and then the third factor would be U.S. government shutdown. Although, they are obviously our largest enterprise customer, I don't -- I would rank them third, and we are trying to bridge that 100 million delta.
Ken Miller: And from a services perspective, it was really due to the strength of our attaching renewal rates and I would call out that majority of our services revenue is actually in that renewal category. It is product we sold over the last several years and we continue to service contracts. So, the correlation between current quarter product revenue and service revenue is really not that strong at all. The majority of the service revenue is prior period product sales and we continue to enjoy good renewal rates if we hold that revenue stream for us. I would add although it's still relatively small. We have seen a growth in our professional services business as well. And we obviously had a pretty strong quarter in Q4 in professional services.
Ken Miller: I'll start with port count and then Rami can go on the last question. So from four comp perspective, as we've been saying, there is like the MX to PTX largely behind as Q4 was another quarter of roughly 80%, 20%. So 80% of the products ports sold in Q4 where PTX ports 20% MX products. I do expect that percentage to still get move slightly up from 80%, but again it's low to the high end at this point and that's it's not going to go to zero. So we're finally settled to 8,515 maybe 9,010 part of the delta at this point but were mostly there at this time.
Ken Miller: And just some additional commentary on that, this is a matter of strategy. We have been really focused on increasing our software as a percentage of total product revenue in total revenue. We have now implemented a pricing model and a business model first to offer across all of our product lines that have been well received by our customers. We are introducing new software capabilities software products into the markets, especially our Contrail suite of products that has been very well received by our customers and we are seeing the momentum there. So, I do think that over time on a long-term basis, we are going to see software become much more meaningful. I think that’s good for our customers. I think that’s good for Juniper. So even if it fluctuates, I think thus far we are very pleased with the results that we've been able to achieve.
Ken Miller: And the primary thing you should there you will see there is actually some efficiencies on cost side that source of large part of our IT organization to IBM. It should enable efficiencies due to their scale and automation that they built over years. So we are very excited about the opportunity to keep our service levels high for our customers and our IT service levels high but actually get a benefit on the cost side over the term of the IBM contract.
