Ken Miller: Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. It's great to be here today with all of you. I look forward to meeting with many of you in the upcoming days and weeks. The March quarter was challenging from a revenue perspective. Enterprise revenues were impacted by cautious customer buying patterns due to macroeconomic factors, and to a lesser extent, greater than anticipated weakness due to product transitions in the campus and branch security. Service provider revenues were impacted by the timing of deployments related to certain U.S. and EMEA Tier-1 telecoms. Despite some of the challenges this quarter, we delivered year-over-year revenue growth, led by increases in the Americas, primarily driven by cloud and cable providers as well as growth in our government vertical across all geographies. Our revenue growth and effective management of our cost structure resulted in expanded non-GAAP operating margin and a $0.05 increase to diluted earnings per share on a year-over-year basis. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the quarter, five were telecoms, four were cloud or cable providers, and one was an enterprise. Of these customers, three were located outside of the United States. This reflects our continued focus on diversifying our customer base. Our underlying demand metrics were healthy this quarter, with a product book-to-bill greater than 1 and a modest increase in product deferred revenue year-over-year and sequentially. As we disclosed in the Q4 2015 CFO commentary, we went live with our ERP system on January 18. Overall, we believe the implementation has gone well. However, order processing and shipment linearity were affected in the quarter as we ramped up on the new system. This system change resulted in invoicing occurring later in the quarter than customary, which increased DSO by approximately 15 days. We anticipate DSO to return to our target range of 45 days to 55 days in Q2 2016. As is typical with ERP implementations of this magnitude, the stabilization of the new processes and system will take several months. We are confident that the system implementation will result in productivity improvements and efficiencies as we move forward. In the quarter we had cash flow from operations of $172 million, down $47 million year-over-year and up $55 million sequentially. We repurchased $75 million worth of shares and paid $38 million in dividends. Since the first quarter of 2014, inclusive of the share repurchases and dividends, we have returned approximately $3.75 billion of capital to shareholders against our commitment to return $4.1 billion by the end of 2016. Now, moving on to our Q2 guidance, which is detailed in our CFO commentary available on our website. Our guidance includes the contribution from our acquisition of BTI Systems which closed April 1, 2016. We expect BTI to contribute approximately $10 million to $15 million of revenue and approximately $10 million of operating expenses in the second quarter. For the year, we expect the operations of BTI to be neutral to the non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. We plan to integrate BTI into our business and do not intend to breakout financial details going forward. From a demand perspective, we expect an improvement in deployments from certain U.S. and EMEA Tier-1 telecoms. We also expect enterprise demand to improve modestly versus Q1 levels. The outlook factors in that the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to other currencies will remain relatively stable at current levels. For the full year, we are focused on driving long-term shareholder value and remain constructive on revenue growth for 2016. We will continue to prudently manage operating expenses and expect to expand operating margins in 2016. I would like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's success. From a personal perspective, I'm very excited to work with Rami and the team as Juniper's CFO. I can tell you that I'm personally committed to the 2016 operating principles we outlined last quarter, of driving revenue growth in our target markets, diligently managing operating expenses and expanding operating margins, and maintaining a healthy balance sheet and an optimized capital structure. I look forward to further discussing our long-term financial strategy and outlook with you at our upcoming Investor Day. And now, with that, I'd like to open the call for questions.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so from an OpEx perspective, the guidance of $500 million, plus or minus $5 million, is essentially flat to this quarter with the exception of adding $10 million for the BTI acquisition, so we're really maintaining a flat OpEx Q-on-Q, whereas the revenue was up 8% or over 8% at the midpoint, which is why the operating margins expand in Q-on-Q. From a year-on-year perspective it is slightly down at the midpoint compared to last year, however last year's seasonality was a bit atypical. This year, we expect the seasonality to be more in line with historical seasonality patterns and we expect our margin to grow as revenue grows throughout the year.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so our constructive view on operating margin expansion, it does start with our view on the revenue for the full year. So that's clearly a key attribute to our operating margin expansion, and Rami mentioned some of the reasons why we have that constructive view. In addition to that, we're still seeing the benefit from some of the restructurings we've been going through for the last couple of years. We're going to continue to manage OpEx very prudently, particularly when revenue is under pressure. So you could count on us to continuing to do that. I also should note that over the past couple of years, we have increased the proportion of variable costs as a component to our operating expenses, so that's also an additional lever that we have to help us manage operating margins as we go forward. We will continue to drive towards our long-term model of 39% of OpEx as a percentage of revenue.
Ken Miller: Yeah, I'll start with the second part. Yeah, I can confirm that is about right from a DSO perspective, so that would be additional accounts receivable as compared to what we would expect with our normal DSO targets of 45 days to 55 days. So those numbers sound right. From an ERP implementation, we're actually proud of the fact that we went live with the new system, and it actually went quite well. We don't believe it had a meaningful impact to revenue. That said, it did have an impact to the timing of orders and shipments. So that's really why it really made the quarter back-end loaded. Q1 is typically a pretty back-end loaded quarter anyway, but with the system implementation, it became more so. And it's primarily because we were effectively down for the first two weeks or three weeks in the quarter. And as we went live with the new system on January 18, it did take some ramp-up time, not only from a system perspective, but just from a procedure and process perspective, so the growing pains and learning curve associated with that resulted in a delay as far as the timing of the orders.
Ken Miller: Sure, this is Ken. Yeah, you got it right. We did see improvement later in the quarter from a demand perspective. From our perspective, the volatility in the market has improved since the beginning of the year. We're still being cautious with the market. It's still a market that has some uncertainty, but it is less uncertain than it was in the beginning of the year. And we did see that in our demand profile. That said, being cautious, we are still modestly – expecting it to grow modestly from Q1 levels into Q2. So we are expecting an improvement quarter-on-quarter in the enterprise space.
Ken Miller: Yeah, and I would just add that the service provider business, particularly telecom, has always been lumpy and deployment based. And it is difficult to predict the precise timing of when those large deployments are going to happen.
Ken Miller: Yeah, and from a numbers perspective, I will say the last time we broke it out, it was 16% back in 2014. We're not prepared to break that out for you now, but I will tell you that it has been our fastest-growing vertical since then. So it is fair to say that it has been trending up as a percentage of our total revenue.
Ken Miller: Yeah, so Q1 is typically a pretty back-end loaded quarter to begin with. So at the time of the call, our visibility into actual results for the Q1 were relatively low, as we'd expect them to be given that point in the quarter and the seasonality or the linearity within the quarter, I should say. That compounded with our ERP transition that we mentioned did really nothing to help our visibility. In fact, we were system down for a few weeks in January. So it was largely as we expected early, but down. But it never came back as quickly as we thought it would. We really thought the pick up from a linearity perspective would happen mid-quarter. It really happened late-quarter. And that's really our traditional pattern, is we start slow and start picking up in the middle, and in this particular quarter, it didn't pick up quite as quickly as we thought it would.
Ken Miller: Yes. So for us to expand operating margin, which we're committed to doing, and given what we've guided to Q2, yes, you can expect operating margin to exceed on the second half to get to the annualized increase. We will absolutely be managing our OpEx at a lower rate than revenue from a growth perspective. And we're going to be prudent with all levers within OpEx, from headcounts, not head count, et cetera.
Ken Miller: No, I'm not guiding to decrease OpEx in any particular line. The op margin expansion is very, very correlated to our constructive view on revenue growth for 2016 and will be prudent with OpEx. And that will result in op margin expansion for the full year.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Thanks, Simona. Let me start, and then I'll hand it over to Ken for additional commentary. A couple of factors that are at play here. As we get into the second quarter, our visibility and our confidence is certainly better now than it was just a few weeks ago in the Q1, just in terms of the timing of some of the deployments that we referred to that we expected to hit in the Q1 timeframe to have it now move to Q2 from a telco standpoint. And also, just confidence levels associated with the enterprise business is all up. It was a slow start to the year. We started to see a recovery throughout Q1, but it really hit near the very end of the quarter. So that gives us a bit more confidence going into the Q2 timeframe. And, yes, we are looking at and expecting revenue increasing for the full-year 2016. That of course means that we should have a good second half of the year, and we based that just based on the discussions we're having with our customers, timing of projects. And then importantly, we're anticipating, as we've said in the past, that our new products which are now in the market are going through proof of concepts, we're competing in certain opportunities around the world, are going to start to ramp in the second half of the year. And I'll let Ken comment more on the OpEx side in particular.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Jess. Let me start with the second question first, and then certainly Ken and I can address the first one. The QFX product line, we introduced the first version last year, the second version, which is the 2008 (sic) [QFX10008], just this last – this quarter. And we're in the process now of essentially competing for various different opportunities. The one thing that I can say is the opportunities that we are now competing in are opportunities that we never were able to compete with or even engage with our competitors on for various customers around the world. So the first positive thing is we're expanding our opportunity, and that's very evidenced and is very clear. Second certainly our customers have had these products in their labs now for several months, even before they started becoming generally available. And we've been getting feedback through betas and we're integrating that feedback in making sure that the product is ready for general deployability. And then last, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there are some wins to speak of here that would give us confidence. So I think the products, even if you compare them to what is a changing competitive landscape, are very competitive both from the standpoint of scale and performance but also just in terms of the full capability of Layer 2 and Layer 3 that we've integrated into those switches. Your question around the timing of the QFX10016, it's in the second half of this year, is when we anticipate it. So we're already bidding it in certain RFPs that require that sort of density. And certainly the effort and the work that we've put into the QFX10008 will go towards the work that's remaining in the QFX10016. So I feel good about the product all up. And then your question around our operating margin and how much it depends on revenue, I'll just let Ken address that.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, I think our commitment is to be prudently managing OpEx, and also to grow operating margins, so that's what we're going to be focused on in the second half.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, Rod, this is Rami. So certainly I think it's fair to say that the telecom operators, U.S., maybe elsewhere around the world as well, are off to a fairly slow start this year in terms of their CapEx expenditures. There are a number of factors at play here, whether it's M&A or spectrum or just re-evaluating their overall network architectures and making sure that they're developing their networks to meet the future demands from an agility, from an operational simplicity standpoint, and from an ability to deliver next-generation capabilities to their end-users. I think the most important thing for Juniper now is to make sure that we are working and engaging with telecom operators very effectively in ensuring that we remain relevant in the new architecture that they're deploying. This is where our – the combination of our switching, our routing, and our orchestration software – and namely this is Contrail – is really helping us tremendously. So I feel good that we're engaging in a way that is going to enable us to benefit from the spend that they will end up putting into these next-generation architectures. Until then, I think they're going continue to run their networks hotter and essentially free up the capacity and the management cycles within their organizations to develop those next-gen architectures. The other things that we must do is to continue to diversify our portfolio. We saw real strength in Q4 in the cable operators; in Q1, cloud operators. And I can tell you that the products that we're developing and we've introduced into the markets have broad applicability and have been developed with a very keen eye on the requirements of each of those strategic verticals: cable, cloud, strategic enterprises and telcos, but I think the telco space is just a little bit more complicated right now as they evolve their architectures.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Vijay. So you're absolutely right that enterprise is off to a weak start in 2016. I think there are a number of factors. First and foremost, there was a slow start from a macro standpoint. And as we said, it did improve, but improved only near the end of the Q1 timeframe. It's not the only factor. I think there were product transitions that affected us as well, affected us, quite frankly, more than what we had expected. The areas where those product transitions, I think, hurt us in the Q1 timeframe were mostly in cloud where we had some transitions in our – sorry, it's not cloud. I should say campus, where we had transitions in our switching product lines, in particular, the EX. And also in security where – as you know in security, we have for the last year been executing on a new strategy. We have been delivering new products to our customers, and I feel very good about those products. But we've also taken a bit of an aggressive stance towards end-of-life-ing some of our older SRX products with the goal of ensuring that we have maximal capacity – engineering and go-to-market – to think about the newer products, the next-generation products, things like the virtual products, the cloud-based security products. And I do think that that had more of an impact than we initially expected in the Q1 timeframe.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, I don't know if it's just edge routing, I would say it's routing all up. Certainly as you put more capacity into spectrum and to the air, that will ultimately see its way into fiber and will require that your routing keep pace. Now, on the routing side, we're actually seeing now very good momentum in our PTX product line, right? We saw both year-over-year as well as sequential growth in the PTX product line. And keep in mind that both the PTX and the MX are not yet fully benefiting from the enhancements that we have announced that will start to see their way into the performance of those products in a meaningful way in the second half of this year. So when I think about capacity requirements in routing, whether it's driven by cloud providers or in the telco space, or aggregation of mobile sites, or in high enterprise, I think competitively, we are very good right now. I feel very good about our competitive positioning.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Sanjiv. As far as timing is concerned for these telcos, I can tell you that where we are right now just in Q2, and based on our visibility of the deployments that we had anticipated in the Q1 timeframe, we were much more confident about the fact that those deployments are going happen in the Q2 and beyond sort of timeframe. And yes, I mean, the MX was essentially flat year-over-year, down sequentially, which is not atypical just based on seasonality. And the PTX, however, as I mentioned, is seeing some great momentum both year-over-year and sequentially. As far as the MX business is concerned, yeah, I would say that part of that is related to the timing of the telco spend that we had anticipated in Q1 now moving to Q2 and beyond.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, thanks, Trevor. So in thinking about security, it's probably useful to reflect back on 2015. We started with a refocused strategy, and we executed on new products first focusing on the service provider space, the high end of the security market where we actually saw some good momentum last year, and we certainly saw a lot of great enhancements in the product set itself. The thing about the service provider element of our security business is that it's lumpy. And there are a couple of things that impacted us in the Q1 timeframe. First is we've got hit with a downwards part of the lump, if you will, on the SP side, where there weren't any large orders from the service provider or cloud space for those high-end customers. Again, it's a part of the business that's just difficult to predict that's going to be somewhat lumpy. And then there were the transitions that we have to deal with in the Q1 timeframe. We have recently introduced a new set of security products for the enterprise: the SRX1500, the SRX300, and cloud-based ATP solution, an enhanced cloud management systems that I know are all hitting the mark with our customers because we're getting that feedback, but it's going to take some time to get all of the transitions worked out. You're right in stating that last year was supposedly the year of stability – we ended up actually exceeding our expectations in that timeframe. I think where I might have gotten wrong – or what I might have gotten wrong is the timing. I think we expected some of those transition issues to happen last year. It looks like they're happening more in the first part of this year. And I feel good about the strategy all up. I feel good about the execution right now. We just have to work through these transition issues throughout this year. We're off to a slow start. So I'm not confused about the fact that there is a deficit to work through on the security side to get back to growth, but I think we were reasonably conservative enough in our long-term outlook, three-year outlook of 1% to 3% ending in the 2017 timeframe, that that is still very much achievable.
Rami Rahim: Yes, certainly, James. So the optical opportunity is one that we have been looking at and executing towards now for a number of years. So this certainly did not start with the BTI acquisition. And we're looking at this from the standpoint of capturing inflection points in the market around the convergence of packet and optical. We're also looking at this in terms of achieving the architectures that are necessary in a way that truly simplify the overall operations to management of multilayer networks. And we're certainly focusing on the data center interconnect market and the metro market. What BTI does is that it helps us to accelerate the strategy that we're already executing on towards being able to achieve those architectures. And I feel very good about the opportunity. I also feel good about how we're thoughtfully integrating the BTI assets into our overall portfolio. It is a growing market. It's certainly a competitive market. But I think we have a good stronghold in certain parts of the market today with our MX and PTX product that help us to very naturally capture this inflection point that's happening today.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Pierre, let me start. I think the answer is fairly simple. First it's not just in the U.S., it's a number of telcos, Tier-1 in particular in the U.S. and EMEA. It is not a Juniper-specific thing in any way, and it certainly has nothing to do with fit for purpose as you mentioned in your question. And what gives us more confidence now is that we have better visibility. And certainly, that comes from talking to our customers, understanding what the deployment time frames are going to be. And as I mentioned, just based on where we are right now in the Q2 timeframe, that visibility has improved somewhat from the last few weeks. So that's why we are more confident today.
Rami Rahim: We feel – we stand behind our Q2 guide. It is up over 8% at the midpoint, which is a bit beyond historical patterns. We do expect some of that telecom deployment to start to catch up into Q2 and beyond. We don't expect it to shift all just in one quarter. It will shift into Q2 and beyond Q2. We also expect a modest increase in the enterprise within that guidance increase.
Rami Rahim: Sure. So the cloud providers continue to be a very important and very strategic vertical for us. And I think if you look at their CapEx guidance for the full year, it looks encouraging. We remain very relevant not just in the DCI space, but in many different parts of our web-scale customers' networks. Not confused about the fact that we are going to see or we're seeing competition in this area. I mean, it's a very attractive market, and so competition is to be expected. And I would think about it from a couple of different ways. There're sort of different use cases that we go after at Juniper. There are use cases that require quite a lot of flexibility, software sophistication and so on that we capture with products like VMX. And the MX has an incredible amount of flexibility and features that are very sticky in our customer networks. And for that reason, the barriers to entry are just going to be somewhat higher. Then there are more streamlined routing use cases and opportunities that we go after with more efficient products for pure routing or transport, like the PTX. Nothing new. This is something that we almost invented just a few years ago with the introduction of the PTX product line. And now we're enhancing the PTX product line to go out after those streamlined opportunities even more aggressively. And last but not least, there is the introduction of our spine switches that actually opens up a brand new opportunity for us to compete in the cloud provider space. And that's exactly what we're doing. I think if you aggregate all of these opportunities together and you include the competitive pressures that will exist in the market, the opportunity for us is something that we are very excited about and we are competing effectively for.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks Jeff. I don't think actually that we would be expecting something completely out of the normal in terms of telecom spend for second half versus first half. So let me just sort of clarify that. And then, just keep in mind that as we think about the service provider opportunity, that includes telcos, it includes the cloud space, it also includes the cable space. And as I think about that opportunity all up across all of those verticals, and then weave into that our competitiveness with the introduction of new products across the MX and the PTX product lines, that is what essentially gives us the ability to be constructive on the full year.
Rami Rahim: That's right. I'm not counting on anything that's out of the ordinary in terms of telco seasonality. It's certainly broader across verticals and it includes the new products with our early visibility that we have and the acceptance levels of the new products, the early design wins that we have with the new products that give us that confidence.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, thanks for the question, Brian. Lenovo, we, too, are excited about the potential for this partnership. It's still early days in terms of doing the things that are necessary from a go-to-market and an R&D standpoint to go after the broad opportunity. It really hinges on the convergence of compute storage and networking. And as you probably know, there is a class of customer that wants a packaged solution that includes all of these elements plus the orchestration software. So a key part of our strategy with Lenovo is to develop solutions that are essentially turnkey in nature that will help our customers get to an automated data center far quicker. It is a global partnership, but certainly we expect it to help us in China, where Lenovo enjoys particular strength. And in terms of the timing, I think this is going to take several quarters for us to do what's necessary, both in terms of the technology integration as well as the go-to-market enablement and training that needs to happen to tap into the full opportunity. And again, I am quite excited about the potential for this opportunity. OpenStack, you're right. The conference just took place a short while ago. Juniper just as we have in the past was there in full force with a number of key speaking slots. We're very proud of the fact that our SDN Controller got voted for the third time in a row as the number one deployed SDN Controller worldwide. And we see this firsthand in terms of the telco as well as the large-scale enterprises that we're engaging in with on next-generation automated data center architectures. And we have just a fantastic team, a great product that I'm just very excited about. And in terms of OpenStack itself, and the deployments and the acceptance of OpenStack in the market, we're seeing some increasing interest in customers that want to go down the OpenStack path as opposed to other offerings that are out there.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, so on the security side, we're off to a slow start, as I mentioned primarily because I think there was a macro impact, but there was also the product transition impact. I think the product transitions will work their way out throughout the rest of this year. And I think that our long-term projection for security of 1% to 3% by the end of 2017 remains intact.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Victor. So from an international standpoint, in EMEA, the main issue in Q1 was the timing of orders – or timing of deployments, I should say, in the Q1 timeframe that has moved into Q2 and beyond. There – we still have visibility into opportunities in the telco space, but also in the large enterprise and government space that I think gives us confidence for the full year in EMEA. And in Asia Pacific, a number of things that are going on there: I think we continue to see good growth outside of China. China remains to be a more challenging environment, but sequentially over the last few quarters, I think China is starting to look more and more encouraging. We have made a number of changes to our go-to-market model, toward leadership in Asia Pacific that's starting to pay off for us. And certainly new partnerships like the one we just discussed with Lenovo are going to help us, I think, in EMEA and Asia Pacific but in particular in Asia Pacific I think we're going to see the benefit there first.
Rami Rahim: No, I understand the question. And my comments about visibility were specific to the timing of revenue that we had expected in the Q1 timeframe for Tier-1 telcos. And yes, the answer is absolutely, the visibility has now improved for Q2 and beyond for that revenue we had expected in the Q1 timeframe.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, it's a great question. And certainly the competitive dynamics in our space are evolving and very interesting. However, that said, this idea of routing and switching being combined into a common system is not a particularly new one. The MX, although we have called it a universal edge router for a very long time, has actually enjoyed many switching capabilities for many years. Our PTX product line runs the same operating system as the MX product line, and it, too, combines routing and switching in a very streamlined transport type of manner. And our QFX product line, both the top of rack as well as the new QFX10000 that we're introducing into the market are going to enjoy not just a great switching capability, but all of the benefits of fantastic routing that comes from the fact that we have a common operating system. Our one operating system strategy in the company is really going to shine as we start to deploy cloud solutions that include switching, routing, security, and the orchestration software, where the combination of switching and routing is going to help us compete very effectively in this use case.
Rami Rahim: Well, it depends because it very much is going to depend on the type of solution that the customer wants. In certain cases, one can think of an architecture where the edge of the data center will do nothing more than provide a transport function that connects to another data center – very simple use case. In that case, we've already been going after that opportunity with our PTX product line, and we certainly have the ability to go after that opportunity with the QFX10000 switches. But there are, not to be underestimated, many customers that require a lot of complex encapsulations and decapsulations, complex routing functions that require a great deal of flexibility right down to the hardware, that can only be captured with a class of product like the MX. The key points here for us is we have the most complete portfolio of tools at our disposal right now between the MX, the PTX and the QFX to compete very effectively, irrespective of what the architectural approach that our customers have in mind. And that holds true for any of our competitors in the market.
Rami Rahim: In the high end of our security space, I think we have a very competitive product geared towards the large cloud providers that need a lot of performance at the edge of a data center as well as in the service provider space for mobile connectivity in particular, what we call the Gi-LAN firewall. I don't think that things got more competitive in the Q1 timeframe. I think the issue that we faced in Q1 timeframe were mostly the combination of macro factors (57:25) resulted in a slow start, the product transitions and the lumpiness in our large service provider business.
