Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the current quarter and the impact on the guidance for Q4, it's actually quite simple. The movement between Q3 and Q4, in terms of the guidance for the full year, is really the backlog situation, and the unusual nature of that, with a high proportion of the backlog due to delivery in the first quarter of 2012. So that is the sequential change in the guidance. From our perspective, in terms of the deferred revenue, that was anticipated in our guidance for the third quarter. So that was as expected. And in terms of the book-to-bill, we were anticipating a strong book-to-bill, which is what we recorded of about 1.2 for the quarter. So in terms of all of those factors that we've looked at for the guidance as we move forward, clearly we have more visibility to close the closer EMEA for the next quarter. And obviously we take that into account as we're setting guidance. We also take into account the fact that we do have deferred revenue that relates to features that are specified for delivery in terms of the R&D cycles that we have and the features that we're delivering to that R&D cycle. And we also take into account the backlog that we have and our discussions with customers globally.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the weakness in those areas, we actually, as we said in the prepared remarks, had a good quarter in terms of growth rate sequentially on the enterprise side, despite the fact that there is obviously softness in the budgets in the government sector, and also the constraints from the financial services sector. So in terms of the forward-looking part of the enterprise market, we are continuing to see good wins across the board. And that is factored into our guidance. But be assured, we're also taking a cautious view in terms of the market conditions for the fourth quarter as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the products and revenue and roll out over the next few quarters, obviously we've already released the QFabric products. They shipped in second half of September, so they’re actually already out there. We saw very minimal revenue as expected in the third quarter. And we don't anticipate significant revenue in the fourth quarter either. So we're very pleased with the design wins and Kevin can talk a little bit more about that in a minute. In terms of the evolution of the product roadmap from there, the T4000, as I said in the prepared remarks, is expected to ship in the fourth quarter. We're not expecting revenue in the fourth quarter, that revenue release will start to happen in the first quarter of 2012. We're very pleased with the trials and, as Kevin mentioned, we actually have our first order for the T4000. In terms of PTX, the Converged Supercore, that's scheduled to release in the first quarter of 2012, and obviously revenue will follow that. So, in terms of the progress and the customers' acceptance in terms of the early trials that we've had, I'll let Kevin talk about that.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the SRX this quarter, we did see good performance on the service provider side, and as I've outlined in previous calls, that revenue will tend to be lumpy as the design wins that we have deployed in the marketplace. So we're pretty pleased with the performance this quarter. As I also mentioned in the prepared remarks, we also saw an improvement in the branch SRX, which is focused at the enterprise side. And we saw that last quarter as well, so I'm very encouraged by that in terms of the go-to-market activities that we're driving around our enterprise security offering as well.
Robyn M. Denholm: So from our perspective, we're expecting a sequential decline from our SP SRX performance in the fourth quarter, only because of the fact that as I said, we've got other design wins but the deployments of both tend to be lumpy over time.
Robyn M. Denholm: So in terms of the guidance from a fourth quarter perspective, we are expecting to see sequential increase in service provider from the third quarter levels. And we're also expecting to see an increase in terms of the enterprise sector as well. So we are expecting growth sequentially in both areas.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, let me answer, Sanjiv, the last question first. In terms of the carrying cost, it's totally unrelated to the backlog situation. It is a period cost obviously for the third quarter. We did see some of it in the second quarter as well. And I talked about increased costs in the second quarter. We expect to work that off over the next quarter or so in terms of that increased inventory cost, carrying cost. In terms of the backlog, as I said in my prepared remarks, it is unusual for us to have this higher proportion of backlog that is deliverable outside of the next quarter. We always have some that is deliverable outside of the next quarter, but for this quarter, the proportion is quite high. Having said that, in terms of specificity about customers, it's a handful of customers that are our most strategic customers. And we're embedded in the most strategic projects that they have going forward and in which case that’s how they’ve placed the orders on us. And so we're pretty pleased with that. It obviously gives us some forward visibility. So from my perspective, it's a positive thing.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of the timing of the backlog, it's totally unrelated to new product. It is all existing product where we've already -- both for new projects as well as existing projects in the service provider, very strategic service provider customers that we have, so it's not related to future product.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, I don't think it's fair to us to talk to our customers' intentions, but I think it's fair enough to draw that latter conclusion that it's more related to the timing of CapEx and the timing of deployments on the service provider side.
Robyn M. Denholm: I think at this point, it's far too early to talk about the first quarter. We'll give you some insight into the first quarter, what we're expecting for Q1 on the fourth quarter earnings call.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of SLT, the biggest single factor in terms of the sequential strength of the operating margin for SLT was the revenue growth. So the strong sequential increase in SLT's revenue actually translated into a nice improvement on the bottom line. In terms of OpEx overall of the company, we've shown in the past, as we've shown in this quarter in the Q3 OpEx, we are very fiscally responsible in terms of what we're doing from an OpEx management perspective. We’re investing in the things that matter for the long-term, both in terms of R&D as well as sales -- sales and marketing. And we're continuing to be very surgical in how we're placing those investments. And at the same time, we're getting more effective and more efficient across the board from a company perspective. Hence, the rebalancing, restructuring activity that we do in the quarter. And so our view is that we will continue to be as focused on OpEx management as we had in the past. And I think you can see good evidence of that in the quarter.
Robyn M. Denholm: In terms of order cancellations and push outs of existing orders, we have not seen that activity. There may have been a small amount of it, but nothing unusual in terms of either canceled orders or any existing orders pushed out. In terms of the backlog itself, we're obviously, that's -- sorry, the geographic split of backlog is obviously with our, as I mentioned before, with our largest, our most strategic service providers that we have. In terms of the growth rate quarter-over-quarter, we're expecting obviously at the midpoint of guidance to grow 7.6% quarter-over-quarter. And we are expecting that to be an increase in service providers, slightly more in terms of percentage terms quarter-over-quarter than enterprise. So we're pretty pleased with the performance in terms of the design wins in both. We're pleased with the year-to-date performance in both sectors.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, in terms of the MX, it was down sequentially 18%. But I did note as well that much of the backlog, or the increase in backlog, was primarily routing backlog. So there is a high proportion of that in MX.
Robyn M. Denholm: So let me just clarify EX. So EX was actually up in the quarter sequentially. And the $12 million is on top of the $110 million. So the $110 million was EX and QFabric, and there was a very minimal amount of QFabric in the quarter. In terms of the total revenue, it's $110 million for EX and QFabric, plus $12 million for wireless LAN, and then there's services on top of that to get to the $132 million.
Robyn M. Denholm: Yes, in terms of the backlog affecting Q1, it absolutely could impact positively Q1, but at this point I'm not prepared to call that. It's far too early to call Q1 revenue. They will be delivered in Q1. In terms of the fourth quarter guidance, the movement between our implied guidance for the first -- sorry, for the fourth quarter that we talked about in Q3 earnings -- sorry, on the Q2 earnings call early this quarter, it's primarily that one movement in terms of the small number of customers that have placed orders for -- with us today for delivery in Q1.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, thanks for the question Tal, just to add to Robyn's remarks, QFabric as Robyn mentioned, we shipped the nodes, QFabric nodes, back in February and, as committed to our customers, we've released the QFabric Interconnect and Director. And we're seeing a lot of very good interest from customers. In fact, we have customers that have selected QFabric, and are in various stages of implementation of their QFabric projects, including customers like Thomson Reuters, Deutsche Boers, Bell Canada. And whether it's large service providers that are building managed services data centers based on QFabric, such as Bell Canada, or it's financial services institutions that are looking at their high-frequency, low-latency trading systems, we're seeing some very good uptick on QFabric. I'll also mention, ACG Research published a white paper where they benchmarked QFabric versus the legacy approach to switching in data centers. And their results show that QFabric was 58% to 75% lower capital expenditures, because we have better scaling and reduced numbers of Chassis and racks. And with reduced number of Chassis and racks, they also found that QFabric consumes 68% to 89% less power. And when you think about the power consumption in these big data centers, that's a huge element of operating expenses. So we're very enthusiastic about QFabric and the implications in the marketplace. And I think as Robyn said, look there's a long sell cycle with these big data centers, but we've got a pipeline, we're getting wins, and we're getting deployments and we're engaged. Certainly as the T4000 releases and the PTX Converged Supercore, I think we're in a position where we've got the strongest product portfolio we've had in the history of this company. And so in many ways we've been engaged with customers already in the discussion around the T4000, and we started taking orders, including the orders from Comcast that we have for the first T4000, and I would expect that as we go into 2012, we will see some early orders for the PTX Converged Supercore as well. But I think both Robyn and I will defer talking about 2012 guidance or expectations until we complete Q4.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I think, first of all, our router product revenue year-to-date has grown 19%. And I think that statement of the momentum that we've gained, whether it's around EMX or T Series or the work that we've done innovating around our routing platforms, I do think that we continue to manage to have our healthy gross margins around those products because they are differentiated. And I think for us, the key is, are we getting the return on investment from R&D to create a differentiated product set in routing. And thus far, I feel very confident that our engineering teams have done a phenomenal job in building fantastic products that deliver great value to customers. So we don't see significant pricing pressure. I will say on the competitive front, there are certain accounts or certain scenarios where, at times, the competition gets intense, and there'll be times where we'll look at surgically focusing on offerings and things that might be more aggressive on price. And then the second comment is 3 weeks ago I was in India and spent a lot of time in India. I'm here in China this week. And so certainly in some of the emerging markets, I think there is potentially different expectations around the pricing. But at a macro level, I don't see that necessarily changing our strategy. Our strategy is to differentiate our product through innovation and ensure that, that innovation translates to customer value.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, let me just add to Robyn's comments, I think Ehud, the thing that I see has changed slightly from 90 days ago primarily is the implications of the macro level uncertainty or volatility and the implications then on service provider CapEx spending, and how they're being thoughtful about how they're sequencing things on the quarterly boundary. I think the attention that service providers are placing on monitoring their CapEx expenditures quarter by quarter has increased in the last 90 days, relative to what we saw in July.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, I'm happy to handle that question. MobileNext is, as you recall, is a software solution that we have created that runs on top of the MX 3D Edge router. And MobileNext, we released the first software offering a little over a year ago called -- something called Traffic Direct, which was the first wave of offering that helped customers redirect bulk Internet traffic around the expensive service complex that some of the mobile traffic -- and allowed them to offload that traffic. We've released the first set of gateways around mobile packet core earlier this year. I think it was in Q2, as we committed to customers, we released that software. And we have a few design wins of some customers -- more of the Tier 2-type customers that we're engaging to now work on the deployment plans and convert those design wins into revenue. We also have a product roadmap where we're continuing to enhance the products set around MobileNext. And so I would expect, as we go into this quarter and into 2012, we'll start seeing some public references of customers that are running MobileNext as their packet core on the MX 3D. In addition, I would also highlight that we continue to have a very strong partnership with Ericsson when it comes to packet core. And the Ericsson packet core solution runs on our M Series router. And they have a market-leading position in packet core and we continue to work very closely with them to ensure that their packet core solution is highly competitive on top of the M Series. And I think this is -- the packet core is one element on the overall end-to-end solution that we're delivering to service providers as they shift from 2G to 3G to LTE. And the timing of these transitions vary by customer, and frankly they vary by geography. And I think from a solution standpoint, we've got a very good platform and a very good solution that we're taking to market. But it’s one that I think will take some time for these design wins and the deployments and to help these customers take advantage of that offering, but I think we're making some very good progress.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, let me take that question. Thanks for the question. First of all, the total -- our total switching product revenue, including the wireless LAN, I'll throw that in, has grown -- year-to-date, it's grown 30% year-on-year. And if you look at the analyst reports, just take through Q2, take the Dell'Oro report through Q2, the addressable market for ethernet switching declined by 6% year-to-date through Q2, and we'll see what happens in Q3, but year-to-date, through Q3 we've grown 30%. So we've grown 30% in a market, that addressable market that has declined by 6%. Now your question should be that, "Okay. Well, why has that addressable market declined by 6%?" Well, if you dig into that, you'll actually see the number of ports through Q2 have increased, but the revenue per port or ASP per port has declined. And so then you say, "Okay. Well, there must be some pricing action that's taking place in the switching addressable market." And what we see happening is really a bifurcation of that ethernet switching market. And I'll say in the campus and branch areas, where some customers will look and say, "Okay. Well, a good enough type of switch might be acceptable to them, and you have competitors like an HP or Huawei entering the market with a lower gross margin, lower price. And you see the incumbent having to follow them in terms of price, in a good enough segment of ethernet switching market there is some pricing action that is taking place. Now the second part though is that bifurcation though is the higher end segment of the market where innovation really is differentiated. And that's the segment that we play in. And so when we look at our growth, we've grown in data center, we've grown in campus and branch, but we've grown our business around a value proposition that's enabled by our innovation, whether it's the EX Virtual Chassis feature set, that allowed us to collapse layers in the data center from 3 to 2, or QFabric that allows us to collapse the layers to a single layer of fabric within the data center. Now just remind you, QFabric and that innovation, according to this ACG Research note, allows customers to implement that data center with 58 to 75 lower CapEx and 68% to 89% less power consumption. That's because we changed the architecture. We have a new architecture, new network architecture for QFabric. So at a macro level, I think we've grown quite well with a 30% year-to-date growth in an addressable market that's actually declined. We've grown in the segments of the market where innovation matters and where we have strong differentiation, versus those that I think are fighting more of a commodity battle. We're fighting and really focused on an innovation agenda. Then the second part of your question is around the announcements today. It's early in Hong Kong so I haven't had a lot of time to read them. But what I have read -- fundamentally what they have announced is, products that still utilize the old network architecture. Layers and layers of switches. And what we've done with QFabric is a new network architecture. So I think when it comes to QFabric, certainly Juniper is driving the bus that Cisco is running to catch. And I don't think necessarily what they've announced changes the architecture that they've had at all. It's an old network architecture relative to our new network architecture. That said, I have a lot of respect for Cisco and I think in many ways, this is a competition about old network versus new network. And we're going to continue to play our game and focus on the things that we do well, which is innovate in ways that matter for customers.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yes, Robyn. And I would just add a comment, that given the macro level volatility and uncertainty, our expectation is there's much less of any kind of budget surge that you potentially have seen in prior years. I think the pattern that we've seen, whether it's financial services and the enterprise, federal government or service providers, it's much more of a cautionary focus on their CapEx spending in which [indiscernible] of the quarter that's going to happen on and I expect to see that again in Q4. And I think that sets the tone because of the macro environment, I think there should be an expectation that there is less of what I would call a budget surge in Q4.
