Rami Rahim: Thanks for the question, Rod. Let me start with the software, and then I’ll pass it over to Ken. So obviously, very pleased with the momentum in our software business, 70% year-over-year growth in orders, particularly pleased with our momentum at 28% year-over-year. So the way we’re running the business right now is we have an intense focus on our customer solutions, AI-driven enterprise, cloud-ready data center, and automated WAN. Each of these solutions has an embedded and a meaningful software component that we have invested in that drive significant differentiation in the market, and that ultimately delivers on our strategy of Experience-First Networking. So you can’t sell an AI-driven enterprise solution without actually also selling a meaningful software component along with it. That is what is driving the momentum especially in off-box software offerings like Mist. And then I know it’s early, but increasingly in solutions like Apstra as well. In addition to that is the Flex licensing model. This is a really simple on-box licensing model that gives customers the flexibility to choose what particular features and scale they want along with the traditional systems that they deploy in their network. So that combination is working very well for us. I feel very good about our ability to achieve our long-term targets that we provided to you in the recent analyst event, and I think we’re going to continue to see good solid momentum in the software space.
Rami Rahim: Yes, Amit, I have no doubt in the Enterprise, we’re taking share and it’s on the back of some really meaningful and differentiated solutions and technologies that we’ve introduced into the market. And in the Enterprise space there might be some COVID related tailwinds in some areas of the Enterprise, but there are a lot of headwinds in certain segments of the Enterprise, and I think the team has done a phenomenal job of pivoting rapidly to focus in areas where the Enterprise spending is going to be more COVID resilient, and then add to that the differentiation that we’ve built, both organically and inorganically. In AI-driven enterprise, we powered by Mist, double-digit growth, pretty much every customer vertical, new logos are growing very rapidly at 2x year-over-year, a record number of million dollar deals. Like I said, I’m very confident that this is share taking growth.
Rami Rahim: Before I let Ken answer that specific question, I just want to say, this is a worldwide shortage that’s affecting practically every tech company across all industries. So what Juniper is experiencing, I don’t think is unique. Having said that, I have a lot of confidence in the strength of our supply chain team. I think they are navigating the current situation phenomenally well. And as Ken mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’ve invested in our supply chain, really starting over a year ago, that’s helping us right now. So there is no doubt there are going to be some challenges that we need to work around, but I have a lot of confidence in the strength of the team and the relationships that we have with our suppliers in pulling through this. And Ken, maybe provide some additional color.
Rami Rahim: Yes, Simon. Thanks for the question. Our position in the cloud vertical including hyperscale is actually quite unique. The share that we have with hyperscale routing, in particular, is second to none in the industry, I believe. So the strength that we saw in Q1 was actually very broad-based, certainly, hyperscale contributed to that momentum. And the nice thing about the hyperscale momentum that we’re seeing right now is that it’s not just about one or even two accounts, that it’s fairly well distributed, there is good amount of diversification within hyperscale. After that, the cloud majors which are the smaller cloud providers, international cloud providers, they have also contributed to that momentum. So in Q1 we saw double-digit growth in routing, again, based on the footprint that we enjoy. Switching was down, but only because of a particular use case in one customer that essentially a wide area use case. I’ve actually talked about that in the last one or two earnings calls, but I will note here that even in that use case we’ve now started to see a resumption of spend by our large customer that deploys it in this manner. And then orders up 30%, nearly 30% year-over-year, again is indicative of the position that we have. I mean I think the way you should look at cloud providers today is, there is certainly competition that’s happening for future build-out especially 400-gig, I feel very good about the competitive nature of our solutions, the engagement with our cloud provider customers. But I think will bode well for us in the future especially as you get into the second half of this year and next year. But then to benefit from the investments, the hyperscale and the broader cloud major customers have today, you need to have the footprint, and we have the footprint.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Well, I think we’re focusing on areas of the campus and branch market that are fastest-growing that I think we’ll see the quickest recovery post-COVID. And even now, where there are some meaningful headwinds in certain segments of the enterprise, because of COVID, we’re doing really well. And I think, again this is on as a result of the significant differentiation that we have in the market. And I would also just add that, that differentiation is very difficult to replicate. I mean, we now have a five years of AI-driven solution building and learning that happened in the market, that’s given our capabilities really some solid differentiation. And this is going to be the fastest growing vertical for Juniper, enterprise all up and campus is a very significant component of the enterprise. And as a result of that, we have been taking share over the last several years and I think we’re going to continue to take meaningful share going forward.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I’d be happy to. So obviously delighted with the Service Provider momentum in Q1, strong revenue performance, now partially explained by a need to compare relative to last year, but I would say that it did exceed our expectations, including from an order standpoint. And what I really like about our performance in the Service Provider space is the diversity, both from the standpoint of geography, that is not a North America phenomenon or a European phenomenon. It’s broad-based across every geography, the diversity of solutions and technologies, so we’re seeing strength in routing as you would expect, but we’re also seeing strength in security as Service Provider gear up for 5G deployments; platforms, MX has always been a workhorse in the Service Provider space and we continue to invest in new line cards, new software capabilities, but we’re starting to see some good PTX momentum and solid 400-gig wins in competitive bids with the Service Provider. And last but not least, I will add that. Tier 1 spending – Tier 1 U.S. Service Provider spending has actually been weak over the last year or so as we’ve outlined in previous earnings call or calls. But we’ve actually seen a bit more, let’s say, signs of life or resumption in spending by some Tier 1 operators as well which is encouraging. Add to that the differentiation, we’ve introduced the system in the Q1 time frame, our Paragon Automation suite and this really addresses a real need in the market for the types of tools that customers are looking for, for planning and provisioning and insights and assurance. And then, we also launched our cloud metro strategy, which is really our big push into the metro space, and announced two new ACX metro platforms and that we shipped, one of them already ACX7100, which is a 5G ready, high density, high capacity solution to address the future of 5G metro build-outs, and that’s a net new opportunity for Juniper, that we traditionally not had any meaningful presence here, but we expect that to contribute to our revenue performance over the next few years. So it’s for that reason that we’re now tracking up to the high end of our long-term model for this full year 2021.
Rami Rahim: Yes, well. So we recently crossed the two-year anniversary since the close of Mist and that continues to do phenomenally well for us, and Mist is no longer a WiFi solution, Mist is an architectural approach that cloud-delivered AI-powered solution to everything from client to cloud and what we’re seeing is the business all up under the Mist umbrella, doing incredibly well, right. Like I said, doubling new logos, record number of million dollar deals, et cetera. The other acquisitions are still a little bit newer, so it’s still earlier. But I’m very encouraged, based on what I’m seeing thus far. Apstra, as an example has seen early interest from many customers. The pipeline is very solid. And it’s clear that there are many customers out there that are looking for the ability to deploy private cloud, but are fearful of the operational complexity of private cloud, and Apstra provides the best solution that’s truly multi-vendor. So it’s not just working on top of Juniper underlay, but any vendors underlay solution to provide that seamless, easy, intent-based private cloud experience. There is a need in the market, and I firmly believe we have the best technology for it right now. 128 Technology, again there the Mist-ification of that technology, under the Mist umbrella is happening very rapidly. So we’re introducing more and more capabilities. The second half of the year is going to be really important for ramping up that solution, but even on a stand-alone basis, we’re closing multi-million dollar deals with managed service providers. We’re seeing expansions of existing franchises that we have with 128 Technology. Federal government is especially interested in the security aspects of 128 Technology. So even though it’s early, I’m actually quite optimistic about what we’re seeing thus far.
Rami Rahim: Got it. So yes, I mean with our cloud customers, first the momentum – since the beginning of the year has been phenomenal. It’s always difficult to predict cloud demand on a quarter-by-quarter basis. However, I would say that if you take a look at how their businesses are doing. I haven’t seen the latest headlines today, but I suspect they are doing quite well. And I suspect, they’re going to continue to do quite well and they cannot fuel that business without ongoing investments in their networks. So if the sort of the thrust of the question here is, is there demand that’s happening within the cloud provider space that’s trying to get ahead of some of the supply constraints in the industry? I believe, that yes, there is probably some of that that’s happening right now, but I don’t believe that’s the only thing that’s happening. I think we’ve executed well. We preserved our footprint within the cloud vertical. We’ve engaged as partners to our cloud customers. It’s been broad-based across hyperscale and the cloud majors and it’s for that reason that we now expect the full year in the cloud to be more on the high end of our long-term model.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Tim. So let’s start with the cloud provider space in particular 400-gig. Things are progressing very well and 400-gig I feel increasingly confident that we’re going to be able to win 400-gig footprint and this is a broader market in across both the hyperscale cloud providers, as well as the Tier-2, 3 or the cloud major, cloud providers as well. Now that the competitive solutions are out in the market, the competitive bake-offs are happening, we sort of get a good feel of what’s out there and how the differentiation we had hoped to achieve is actually fairing out with practical testing and I feel good. I mean let’s just say that. We’re winning especially in wide area use cases. And this is across both the hyperscale as well as the smaller cloud provider. And then even in the data center, we’ve one 400-gig data center use cases. We’re not yet ready to announce a hyperscale 400-gig data center win at this point, but we’re going to continue to aggressively go after the full market that’s out there, both wide area and data center. And on the SP competitive front, there – our solutions, our strategy is very much based on the strengths and the merits of our own products, our wide area capabilities, our automation capabilities and I feel very good about that. We’ve listened closely to our customers. We understand what they want. And I think we were delivering solutions and have delivered solutions that addresses their biggest needs and requirements. With Huawei sort of issue that’s out there and whether that presents an opportunity for us? The answer is yes. I think we do see some opportunities right now. The results of some concerns about Huawei, they’re going to sort of play out in time. This is never going to be a sort of an overnight thing, share shift typically happens in time frames of the year, but the good news is, we do see that there are opportunities and customers that are rethinking some of the decisions that they have made in specific geographies around the world.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so let me start and then Ken you can add some more colors on the specific question. So 128 has become an integral part of our AI-driven enterprise strategy, which is really around everything from client to cloud with ease of automation, simplicity of day-to-day provisioning and there is a security architecture element to this, because it provides visibility into applications, it integrates seamlessly with our on-prem security offering. And then over time as we introduce more cloud-based security offerings that will integrate seamlessly with that, and so that has – still early days with 128 Technology. But as I mentioned, the win rate is solid, the customer interest is solid, the pipeline that’s being built is solid. And I have a lot of confidence that it’s going to be a successful acquisition in the long-term.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I don’t even know if we have that figure off the top of our head. Maybe Ken can pull something up, but I’ll tell you this, we’ve actually had over the last two years or so as part of the sales restructuring that we did a deliberate focus on Tier 2, Tier 3 service providers with an eye on tapping into some of the broadband sort of rural stimulus dollars that are making their way into the market. So there is no doubt that Biden’s infrastructure deal, if it actually manages to pass, is going to present some opportunities for us. And I think we’re well prepared for it. It really is – it’s not a matter of technology. We’ve got the goods, we’ve got the products, we have the solution. Automation in fact becomes especially important for the rural areas where typically you are going to just have to deal with a lot more density of products in sparse geographical areas, but I think it’s just a matter or sort of seeing the stimulus dollars actually weave their way into actual spending.
Rami Rahim: Yes, let me start and then maybe Ken you can add some more color. I honestly I’m scratching my head a little bit about where your comments around sort of slowdown. We don’t see anything of that nature in the AI-driven Enterprise where Mist plays. I did mention in my prepared remarks, that if you take a look at orders for Mist all up, that includes all Mist products, right, the wireless, wired switching, associated software capabilities it doubled on a year-over-year basis, and it’s no longer a small business for Juniper, and really it’s now starting to contribute meaningfully. The innovation is phenomenal here. I mean the pace of innovation, we just announced and launched in fact and we’ll ship very shortly, if we haven’t already, a new breed of campus wired switch in the form of EX4400, which is our first true cloud native, Mist-optimized wired switch that’s intended for rapid, fast adoption, zero touch provisioning, all the aspects of the Mist solution that you’ve come to expect and love and their access points now applying to this next generation wired solution, and that’s just us really pouring fuel on the fire of the AI-driven business that is essentially powered entirely by Mist today.
Ken Miller: And I’ll just on the software side, we did see very strong bookings growth of 70%-plus. You see revenue was at 7%. The delta there, if it’s not obvious is really mostly in our backlog where we did book some software orders that we haven’t yet shipped or fulfilled, and also there is a growing piece of deferred software revenue, which is actually shows up predominantly in our service deferred revenue. So we are seeing some of the bookings, even when we fulfill it, it doesn’t show up in revenue right away as it gets recognized over time and that’s really our ARR business, which is also a very strong grower for us this quarter. From a book-to-bill perspective, we don’t disclose the number, Rod, but I can tell you, it’s clearly over one. I mean we grew backlog both year-over-year and sequentially. We don’t typically grow backlog sequentially in Q1. This is something that due to the kind of unexpected order strength that we saw, the mid-teens orders growth really resulted in a backlog growth quarter for us, and a book-to-bill greater than one.
Ken Miller: Yes. And as we mentioned, the impact in Q1 was about 70 basis points, and that is predominantly logistics in kind of some of the COVID related costs that we’ve be talking about the last couple of quarters and the freight cost for paying per kilogram are still significantly elevated versus pre-COVID levels. We expect that to be maintained over the next couple of quarters. It is difficult to predict when that’s going to normalize, but I do expect that to normalize eventually, but I do think it’s going to take a few more quarters for that to normalize. In addition to that, we are starting to factor in some potential costs to creep from a component perspective due to the supply constraints that we’ve mentioned before. So we have factored in some costs, component cost to increase into our current forecast. We still believe 60% is the right target for us on a full-year basis for this year, despite some of these incremental costs, but it’s something we’re watching very closely and we’ll obviously be managing it aggressively as we have been, and we’ll continue to keep you guys updated as we go. There is a fair amount of uncertainty there, but based on our current expectations, we feel that the 60% target that we have for the year still holds true. From a revenue loss perspective, we are seeing extended lead times, so that means an order that we would book might not recognize in the same period as it would have otherwise. However, we feel that the revenue results we just posted in Q1, the guidance we just put out there for Q2 are quite strong based on the demand strength that we’re seeing and we feel good about our ability to procure the supply we need to hit our revenue forecast.
Ken Miller: Sorry, Simon. I just wanted to clarify in aggregate, so if you look at our cloud vertical in aggregate, our hyperscale number is the larger piece, it’s bigger than our Tier 2, Tier 3, our cloud majors piece. But it is predominantly as Rami mentioned, it’s the wide area networking use cases are routing footprint that we’ve enjoyed there for so many years, where we’re seeing growth on the cloud majors of the Tier 2, Tier 3 side is really in the data center side. And that’s where we’re seeing more mix toward switching in the cloud-ready data center solutions to the Tier 2, Tier 3 and we’re obviously kind of break into the hyperscale and data center side. But right now, our footprint is predominantly on the automated WAN solutions.
Ken Miller: Yes, Joe. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we did bring the full year outlook up from a revenue perspective, it was 3% to 4% earlier in the year now, we’re up of 4% to 5% on a full year basis. The vertical that actually came up the most was our Service Provider vertical. We were talking before about it being further stabilization. If you recall 2020, we were down 4% a full year basis and we thought we would get closer to zero this year from negative four to something closer to zero that’s the further stabilization. We’re now calling a SP based on the strength of the first half to be flat to slightly up on a full year basis, which as Rami mentioned is more in line with our long-term model, actually the high end of our long-term model, whereas previously we were kind of tracking toward the low end. So we are seeing some strength in SP, particularly here in the first half.
Ken Miller: Yes. And just as a reminder, we saw bookings growth in the cloud vertical nearly 30%, revenue was at a 3% clip. So clearly we’re building some backlog in the – with the cloud vertical as well. We expect revenue to be up sequentially from a cloud perspective.
Ken Miller: Yes. So at this point, it is really difficult to predict. We’re obviously working with our suppliers. We have long-term contracts in many cases, long-term pricing contracts, et cetera. So we’re not expecting it to be, I would say super material. However, we are expecting there to be some impact and we are factoring that into our long-term model at this point. But it is early, it’s something we’re adapting on a regular basis. We do think it could have some impact. It probably will have some impact. We don’t think it’s going to be enough to take us off our full year gross margin target of 60% at this point.
Ken Miller: Yes. Security all up, which includes products and services grew 11% in the quarter. Products actually grew better more than services, services had modest growth, products actually was driving most of that 11% growth. And yes, it would have grown without 128 T. In fact, all three of the recent acquisitions Apstra, 128 T, as well as a Netrounds, accounted for less than 10% of revenue in the quarter. On track to the full year plan, we expect it to be about a point in aggregate of growth for Juniper. So call it $45 million or so in total revenue for the year. So we’re on track for that although Q1 was less than $10 million as expected.
Ken Miller: Yes. Unfortunately, we do not break out our business, our automated WAN solutions business in that way. So we can’t share with you the numbers, but as Rami mentioned, we’re focused on diversifying that business. And we’ve seen tremendous success over the last couple of years diversifying and I think we’ll continue to do that going forward.
Ken Miller: Yes, absolutely. So at Investor Day, we talked about Cloud, the long-term model for Cloud being plus 1% to 5%, so 1% to 5% growth on a kind of a three-year CAGR basis, our long-term model basis. This year, we actually expect to be the high-end of that range. So we’re thinking closer to their 4% to 5% range, or higher end of that 1% to 5%, based on the strength we’re seeing at the start of the year. Previously for Cloud, our previous guidance for the year was just, it would be growth, right. And now we’re actually quantifying it to the high end of that kind of 1% to 5% range. That’s a change from 90 days ago.
Ken Miller: Yes, I mean so Enterprise we expect to be our fastest growing vertical. I think if you do the math, you’re going to get to kind of the numbers you’re talking about. We expect it to be our fastest growing vertical. We do believe AI-driven Enterprise will be double-digit growth, cloud-ready data center, we talked about being toward the middle of the long-term model, which is kind of high-single digit growth. And those are predominantly Enterprise, although, we obviously sell those solutions to Service Provider as well as Cloud.
Ken Miller: Yes, I would just add that we mentioned in the prepared remarks that our EX pull-through related to Mist is actually a record in Q1. So we have a lot of EX that we’re selling are because of the Mist kind of solution is actually the all-time high. And we’re obviously continuing to sell more subscriptions as well, and the subscriptions, they don’t show up in revenue right way, obviously they are recognized gradually over time. So a big part of our ARR growth that we mentioned of 28%, is also very much tied to the full Mist solution, not just necessarily the Wi-Fi. So in aggregate we talked about in Investor Day that we think the lifetime value of the kind of the pull-through, if you will, the non-wireless LAN solution is about 2.5 times the Wi-Fi business. So that’s something we’re still in very early innings of that. And we’re still leading largely with Mist itself, and then pulling through the rest of the solution. But as we see the lifetime value and these customers continue to grow with EX and other parts of the portfolio. We feel confident in that kind of 2.5 times ratio that we put out there.
Ken Miller: So you’re right. We have not changed our guidance for gross margin. We did change our guidance for revenue. We increased it by a point and we’re not bringing gross margin up, and typically you would expect with volume, you would see some increase in gross margin and some of the reason for that Paul, is some of these supply constraints, some of the semiconductor shortages, we are factoring in some incremental costs and quite honestly, there is still some uncertainty there. So I just want to, at this point we’re keeping our margin targets the same. Beyond this year, I think on things we control like software mix and optimization within our services organization, et cetera. I feel very good. That said, some of the things that have less control on whether it be COVID-related freight costs or even some of these semiconductor shortages, it makes it very cloudy. So at this point, we have really no update beyond this year. We expect to be able to manage to the 60% target for this year, but beyond that, really no change to our outlook at this point.
