Kevin Johnson: Yes, thanks for the question, John. This is Kevin. We don't have the mix of percentage of what MX 3D is going in for existing MX installs versus competitive replacements. But I can say that we are securing design wins that are competitive design wins. And so there certainly is an element of us winning a new business because of the MX 3D. I just can't quantify it for you.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, just -- I'll just add to Robyn's comments, Brent. I think, certainly, we're seeing market expansion of routing and service providers. And in many cases where service providers are focused on implementing mobile backhaul solution, that's been putting, bringing more traffic and more demand into the Edge and aggregation, where the MX 3D plays in a very strong way. So part of that is market expansion. Certainly, part of that is the fact that we've broadened the customer base. And so we're selling now into more customers. And then certainly, I think there's an element of it that is related to competitive design wins that we've been able to secure. And unfortunately, I can't quantify each of those mixes for you. But I think there's an element of all three of those factors at play here.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. I'll just add to that, Simona. I think that -- what we'll see how Q2 unfolds. But certainly, there's been very high level of customer interest in QFabric starting at our launch event. And I think in many of the workshops sessions that we're doing with some of our largest partners, the customer attended at those workshops is what they would characterize as standing room only. And so my experience is that when you introduce a new technology and new architecture like that and customers have a high level of interest in it, certainly, there may be some implications near term on existing products that, as they evaluate, we get those design wins. So key for us is to secure design wins for QFabric. And the speed at which we secure those design wins and now that we're shipping the QFX 3500, we have a solution for customers that is the on ramp to fabric. And with the QFabric Interconnect and Director in Q3, I certainly think that's also an element of the equation that we should see that kick in, in Q3 as well. So we're going to have to see. But certainly, we have big aspirations in the growth agenda that we're driving in switching and QFabric plus our EX Switch business plus our wireless LAN through the acquisition of Trapeze are all elements of that.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Well certainly, we appreciate your question, Steven. And your question on customer -- kind of two questions all parsed there. Customer feedback or reaction, I think to what we introduced with the Converged Supercore, has been very strong. Certainly, those service providers, whether they're content service providers or wireless/wireline service providers, when you look at the core of their networks, this is a very interesting architecture and a very interesting technology. And so I think that customer action to this, in response to this has been very positive, very favorable in the target set of customers that we think this is applicable for. Now certainly, we've been doing R&D and working on this architecture, this product for sometime. So we have hired and acquired optical expertise and optical intellectual property with a focus on the element of optical that we refer to as the optoelectronics, which is right on the boundary of where optical is translated into electronics and is right on that boundary of what we believe create unique value for customers by blending that with the MPLS switching. So I'm very confident in our R&D execution around this. We've been very focused on this for some time in building skills, capabilities and intellectual property. And we're very optimistic about the customer early reaction. Thanks for your question.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks for your question. The way -- and I'll interpret in your question, the pricing -- what's happening with pricing of ethernet switching in the enterprise. And here's how we see this and here's how I think about it. I think there are two profit pools within ethernet switching in the enterprise. I think there's one profit pool that I'll characterize as lower end switching, fewer features, more related to branch campus that is probably much more prone to pricing pressures and of course towards more of a commoditization and which will put downward pressure on that aspect of the pricing pool in ethernet switching. And then there's a second profit pool that is related to a higher end, more highly differentiated scenarios that typically, for the most part, are data center related. And strategically, we are focused on the profit pools that are related to areas that are more highly differentiated, that are more data center oriented, which is why we invest in R&D to innovate, to build something like QFabric. I don't anticipate that the competitive landscape for QFabric is going to be one that is focused on the price of the capital. It's going to be more around the value that's delivered to the customer in these cloud computing centers. So for us, we have an opportunity to grow a significant amount of market share and a portion of the profit pool that I still think is highly differentiated and able to maintain margins. And yet, I think if you look at the whole industry, there will be a set of competitors that I think are focused on the other aspect of the profit pool and there'll be pricing pressure there. So certainly, we do see pricing pressure in the areas of switching that is lower end, lower function, but not -- certainly not as much when you get into the higher end data center scenarios that we're focused on.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks for the great question, Jayson. I participated in the Americas Partner Summit that was held last week with our field team and our partners from the Americas. And so that's one way that I had to gauge that. And certainly, with our broad base of partners, there's a subset of those partners who are very focused on data center scenarios and selling into the data center. And I think it's that set of partners that have been successful selling EX switching into the data center will also be successful selling QFabric into the data center. And then certainly, at our strategic alliances' level, the relationships that we have with IBM and with Dell, I think those continue to progress. And I think they certainly have a degree of interest as well in what we're doing together. So I think it will be a subset of our broad partner base that's focused on data centers scenarios and then our large partners that we continue to work with.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. That's a great question, Paul, thanks. Look, in terms of some turnover in our field sales force, I'll characterize two pieces of it. One is in 2010, I think there was some turnover earlier in the year and some of that was not desirable turnover. I think there were some things in our compensation plans in 2010 that John Morris and the sales team took some action on and made some changes going into 2011. So there's some aspect of that that I think occurred in 2010. As we went into 2011, though, I feel very good about the incentive structure that we had. We held a global sales conference, brought our target field sales force together. I had a chance to interact with a lot of them, and they were pretty jazzed up about the compensation incentive plans that we have in 2011. So any issues that I think we experienced in 2010 in that regard were addressed as we went into 2011. The second part of it is I think certainly as we are upping our game in enterprise selling, there are certain aspect of transitions that we are making and we're being intentional about. And certainly, there's a cost whenever you make change in the field. But we believe that for us to raise our game and really drive towards our aspirations, we've been making some changes in the theater positions and some other things that we think are enabling us or positioning us to fulfill those aspirations. So there's that aspect of the changes that have been made as well. So some of it, I think in 2010, was not necessarily planned or desirable. But I think we corrected that. And as we go into 2011, I think much of what you are seeing is we're being very thoughtful and disciplined and intentional about how we're sequencing those changes. Thanks for the question.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in our guidance, as I've said, we've contemplated the risk to the Japan business. In any one quarter, our revenues vary between 5% and 8% of our total revenue. At the low end of guidance, that percentage is far less than that forward guidance that I've put out there. So it does contemplate a significant pause in the business for Q2.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. So in terms of what we're seeing on the macroenvironment with the service provider, we were actually quite pleased with our business in the first quarter in service provider, up 25% year-over-year. We are actually seeing good design wins across the board in all three geographies in the Edge, in that ethernet services Edge and the network services Edge. We're also seeing it with content service provider and cable companies as well. And we're -- and they are design wins. And we're actually starting to see some of that obviously translate to revenue, given the health of the business in the quarter. We're also seeing design wins in the core and also in security. We have design wins with the high end SRX in geographies, in all three geographies, around the world in all three product areas. So we are pleased with the momentum in the service provider business.
Robyn Denholm: So let me talk about the SRX first, and then we'll cover the EX as well. So on the SRX side, in SLT, in general, we saw a good enterprise growth for Q1. It was higher than the overall enterprise growth, which was 13% for the quarter, and that actually sort of continued the momentum that we have there. The decline quarter-over-quarter was actually on the service provider side. So many of the deployments that we won early in the cycle of SRX, particularly high-end SRX, are nearing their completion in terms of deployment. We had new design wins that are -- was about to be deployed here, but they weren't being deployed in a large way in Q1. So that was the reason for the decline in quarter-over-quarter SRX. On the EX side, we're very happy with the year-over-year growth that we had of 25%. And I think that's the way of looking at it as you move forward here, that year-over-year, we expect to have good revenue growth, including the QFX products as well.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. Let me talk about guidance for a minute. In terms of the midpoint of the guidance range, what we're expecting is just under a 5% sequential increase, which is not atypical for the first to second quarter. It was slightly stronger than that last year in terms of first to second quarter growth. But that's what we are expecting at the midpoint. At the higher end, we expect service providers to keep skin slightly higher than at the midpoint. So that would be the delta between midpoint and higher end. And obviously, enterprise to grow in the low to mid-teens in terms of the midpoint or maybe even slightly higher at the high end of that equation. At the lower end -- from the midpoint to the low end, basically, all of that is, or the majority of that delta is a direct result of what we see in terms of variability for Japan. And as I said before, Japan typically is about 5% to 8% of the quarter's revenue. And for the first quarter, we saw strong growth year-over-year and sequentially in Japan as we were deploying product in our service provider in particular but also in enterprise. So we have modeled or we've guided the low end to reduce that percentage from 5% to a much lower number. So the risk is fully accounted for or baked in at that lower end.
Robyn Denholm: On the annual side? So we -- obviously, we've talked about our model in terms of 20% or higher for revenue growth. And we were at 21% for the first quarter at the high end of guidance it gets again, very close to 21% midpoint is about 18.3% year-over-year growth. So in terms of our full year expectations, we believe that revenue will be in line with our long-term model.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. Thanks for your question, Jeff. In terms of the book-to-bill, it was very slightly below 1. In fact, the number was 0.96:1. So I wanted to make sure you knew it was just slightly lower than 1. That is not atypical for the first quarter. Last year, if you remember, it was around the same sort of number. So -- and as I said in my prepared remarks, our deferred revenue, total deferred revenues at record high, the product backlog as well as the product deferred revenue are at very healthy levels. So there was very minimal impact to Japan or limited impact to Japan overall for the quarter and including the backlog.
Robyn Denholm: With a question, I think, Jeff Kvaal asked before that I didn't answer, which was around federal impact in the quarter. So in my prepared remarks, I talked about the federal business in relation to enterprise growth rate being moderated at 13%. And that was particularly the case on the routing side. So in Q1 of last year, we had a good piece of federal business in routing in the Americas. What we've seen this year is, as you know, we had some good business in routing last quarter, Q4, and not so much in the Q1 time frame. So it's really a timing issue between Q4 and Q1. And so that was my comment as it pertains to federal around the routing side. And so routing and enterprise in total grew 3% year-over-year, and that was impacted by federal routing.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. In terms of services gross margins, you're right. Last quarter, we did have spares investments. We did have some spares investments this quarter but less than last quarter. We have been adding headcount in services, on the support side continuously. But in this quarter, we also have been adding some professional services, what we call architecture headcount that actually will -- are working with the sales team to win some of these design wins, particularly around new products and the new architectures that we're leading with in the new product areas. And so in terms of the services margin, yes, it's historically have been a much higher gross margin, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We do expect it to improve from here in terms of the services margin modestly by the end of the year in terms of that improvement. In terms of operating margins, we've been very clear. We are focused on expanding operating margins for the full fiscal year of 2011 over the operating margins for 2010. So we finished the full year for 2010 at 24%. And so our commitment is to be focused on actually delivering expansion over and above the 24%.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. In terms of enterprise, 25% to 30%, that is the model that we've had out there in terms of driving to 20% or higher. And we're still committed to that. If you look at the factors in the quarter, there are some -- there's typical seasonality in the first quarter in terms of Q4 to Q1. The total percentage increase year-over-year was 13% in terms of enterprise. And it was 25% on the -- sorry, 21% on the switching line up and 15% on the security area. What actually dragged the average down for the quarter was the routing. And as I mentioned before, that was influenced by the timing of our federal enterprise wins. We actually had a big win in the Q4 time frame, which we talked about last quarter. So that was not in this quarter's revenue. But in terms of the long-term growth rates, we're absolutely focused on achieving that 25% to 30%.
Robyn Denholm: Yes. That's true. But as I said, in terms of the enterprise routing, that isn't a year-over-year factor. It only grew 3% year-over-year. If you take that out, the average was higher than the 13% for enterprise. It was closer to 15% to 16% in terms of total. Actually, it's a little bit higher than that, maybe even 7%, 8% in terms of year-over-year enterprise growth between switching and security. In terms of the switching side, 21% is lower than we've been growing. But I think that's explained by the pause that we did see in terms of the QFX launch.
Robyn Denholm: We haven't called the number out. But just in terms of growth rate, what I talked about was the year-over-year growth rate.
