Rami Rahim: Hey Tal, it’s Rami. Let me start. So the message that we delivered in the last quarter's earnings call, which was very much around confidence that we're both in the starting and ending phase of this - our architectural transition that we're going to - that we're seeing with our cloud customers, remains absolutely consistent here and now. So we fundamentally believe, based on the customer conversations that we're having, the work that we're doing on certifying certain products, the software that we're developing that has certain capabilities and features that are very much desired by our cloud customers, including the largest hyperscale customers, all lead us to have confidence that we will benefit from the recovery.  So while it doesn't feel great to be right now in this situation where we're in the middle of this transition, I do firmly believe that we will benefit from the resumption in spending by cloud providers in a new architectural approach that is very different than the starting approach, one that is characterized with scale outs, one that leverages a new product, which is the PTX. Very fortunate and happy that we have technology like the PTX that can capture this transition and ensure that we maintain and even expand our footprint. So the net of it, Tal, is that I remain very confident that we will benefit from the resumption in spending and that this is not about a loss of share or footprint to the competition. 
Rami Rahim: Yes. The MX is probably one of, if not the most successful routing platforms that’s ever seen in the market across cloud, enterprise, telecom operators. It’s just in a different phase of its life cycle than the PTX. The PTX is a newer product. I think many of our customers across verticals, but especially in the cloud vertical, see the benefits of having what we have described as a super core or a lean core architecture that enables them to deal with the incredible growth of traffic in their networks at a very cost optimized form factor and price point. And for that reason, we have seen a transition and will continue to see a transition with cloud providers from MX ports to PTX ports. That does have deflationary pressure on a pricing standpoint on per port basis. But the good news is, if you look at the cloud provider businesses that they have, if you look at the growth in the traffic that they are seeing, eventually I believe this pays off for us because we maintain the footprint and can capture that growth, albeit with a different product, which is the PTX.  The MX in other verticals, so take telcos and enterprises for that matter, I think that transition to a PTX Is it's not going to happen anytime soon. It’s going to be limited to a relatively small number of use cases, because typically where the MX is used in a telco scenario or an enterprise scenario, you're leveraging far more than IP packet transport. You’re looking using its service delivery capabilities that just don't lend themselves to a migration to lean core architecture as easily. So most of that transition is going to happen in the cloud space, and a lot of that transition, as I mentioned in my starting commentary, is behind us already. 
Rami Rahim: Yes. I appreciate the question, Simon and it is a difficult one to answer. So I’m - honestly I'm not going to answer it. I will say the following, which is that there is a meaningful price difference between the PTX and the MX. And you have to think of this from the standpoint of, we've been talking about the fact that routing and switching are essentially kind of blending over time. And the PTX is a perfect example of that manifesting itself in a new product. So there is a meaningful price difference, but where it's used, typically it's used in areas where there is tremendous scale, and massive increase in traffic. And that's what we're seeing in the cloud provider space. So I can tell you that although overall revenue in the cloud providers is going to be under pressure as we go through the transition, we are going to be selling substantially more ports, albeit PTX ports, in some cases QFX ports, than we did with the MX product historically.
Rami Rahim: Jeff, let me answer your first question or your second question around M&A. first, let me say that the fact that we've put in place what we view as a good capital allocation policy and strategy now, it should be a sign that we have confidence that some of the challenges that we're going through right now in terms of this architectural transition, are in fact transitory. Having said that, I think we have a healthy balance sheet, especially now with repatriation of foreign cash. And I have been consistent in saying that we will continue to look for value enhancing M&A, and it would be very much in areas that would accelerate our existing strategy.  I don't believe that we need a new strategy. We’ve developed a strategy that very much respects the major trend that's happening in our industry, which is around the cloud. This is not just about serving the cloud providers, but helping our telco customers and the enterprise customers in moving to a multi cloud environment, with easy management automation and security. So these are sort of the areas that we would look for to accelerate the - our execution with value enhancing M&A that we're already working on today. Thank you.
Rami Rahim: Certainly, Tim. So I’ll start with switching. So our switching business first has two components to it. There’s the campus business and the data center business, the first being the EX product line, the second the QFX. We’ve said now that QFX have exceeded the EX. So data center dominates the use case that we are pursuing and where the business momentum is. We’re very pleased with our all up switching business growth last year, and in particular the QFX which grew 25% year over year.  And if you break apart the QFX business, it has a broad based component that feeds its way into large enterprises, telcos, data centers and smaller type cloud providers. That has consistently had solid momentum throughout last year, and I expect it to have that momentum through 2018 as well, growing at essentially double digit year over year growth on a consistent, quarterly basis. Then there is a much more concentrated hyperscaler component to our QFX business, and that's going to very much follow these transitions from 40 to 100 gig that we've talked about over the last couple of quarters. So there is going to be some cyclicality to the QFX data center business as we work through these transitions. And I do think that there is an opportunity for us to break into more hyperscale switching opportunities throughout the year. I mean that is a big area of focus for us.  On the telco side, it's really more of the same in terms of market dynamics. I think our telco customers continue to run their networks harder and are getting more comfortable with that. They themselves are moving towards cloud oriented service delivery models, and we leverage that with products like Contrail, our switching portfolio and our virtual network functions. There is - there are some headwinds due to M&A consolidation that's happening in the telco space. So we're not expecting any breakthrough growth from telco anytime in the near future at this point. Looking out a little bit further as you get into 5G, as you get into the build up necessary to support 5G traffic, especially in the metro, I do view that as an opportunity. But we have to sort of temper our expectations because I do think that this market is going to be somewhat challenging, at least for the foreseeable future. 
Rami Rahim: Sorry. Are there any share losses whatsoever? Let me say this. I know this is sort of top of mind for all of you guys, but I was - I am very confident that where we have the major footprint across our large customers, especially in the cloud space, I feel like we have the right customers around the technology and understanding what's required to maintain that footprint, and to continue to grow in that footprint. And not only that, to actually expand into new opportunities. So it's not just a game of defense where we’re trying to hold on to what we have and leverage the growth in those areas, but we are very much playing offence and trying to steal footprint away from the competition. That’s the way I view the competitive landscape today. Since joining Juniper now over 20 years ago, I can tell you that the one constant element to that period of time has been it's a very competitive landscape across all of our vertical market segments. And we're comfortable operating in a very competitive landscape.
Rami Rahim: Yes, it's a good question, Steve. I don't think that it's playing out exactly as we had expected. I think that when you're trying to do forecasting in - on a set of products that have a very high degree of customer concentration, you only need to sort of get it wrong for a couple of customers to get the overall forecast wrong or the timing wrong. So generally speaking, based on our Q1 outlook, it's fair to say that the transition has taken a little bit longer than what we initially expected. Having said that, we're no longer sort of at the beginning of the transition, looking out and trying to predict it in that way. We’re sort of in the middle of it, and you can see that just from the port mix that we're now selling into the large cloud providers today, where the PTX has already exceeded pretty substantially the MX ports that we're selling into that market segment.
Rami Rahim: I'm super proud of our APAC team for the momentum that they've demonstrated over the last couple of years in what is a very competitive landscape. And I do think that there are opportunities to continue the momentum into 2018, yes. We’ve been talking now for the last year about strategic insertions and particular in China. And our expectation is that those will start to pay off at some point this year.
Rami Rahim: Yes. No, I would look at it as when we talk about sequential growth and then returning to year on year growth by the end of the year, I would think Q4 is right timeframe and that's all up. That’s an all up comment, not necessarily particular to any technology. We do think the routing transition, although we're - I would phrase, we're in the middle of it, there's still a fair amount of disruption that's going to cause the FY’18 number from a routing perspective as we continue to finish up the transition and hopefully set us up for growth beyond this year. But I think this year routing, we expect to be down given this current visibility we have and our expectations of the timing of the transition.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Again, not going to get that specific out for quarters. I'm really focused on making sure we get our more visible quarters predicted correctly. I will say this. I do think that we expect revenue to grow. Therefore, I think it's a reasonable assumption that we’re making that the margin should also grow directionally. I want to make sure that there is going to be deal mix and customer mix. It’s difficult to predict when you get out to any particular quarter, but we do believe margin should recover from the Q1 levels by the time we exit the year.
Rami Rahim: Yes. Thanks for the question. Again, I'll just reiterate that routing has always been an incredibly competitive market. And we recognized several years ago that in order to continue to compete effectively in the routing space, we're going to need to have a new breed of routing platform. And that's when we conceived of this idea of a lean core architecture, which is defined by this product that we call the PTX. It's a good thing we did that because I think our situation today would be very different if we did not have that product and the ability to transition what is the most demanding customer, our cloud customers toward these new lean core architectures. That said, so I think that the concept was right. The execution was right on.  Now, all we need to do is to ensure that we maintain the competitive differentiation on an ongoing basis. And we will do that with the roadmap that we have in terms of software technologies that give our customers the ability to obtain telemetry and information from these systems, which is extremely important to the cloud in particular, to enable logical scale that is best in class across the industry today. And our goal is to ensure that that is - it stays that way in the future and increasingly with optics. I think that the investments that we're making in the optical space is essentially a way for us to compete on the economics of networking beyond just the IP based routing, but the integrated optical technology that I think is becoming more and more important to our customers. So all this is to say that I'm very confident that we have the right investments in place and the innovation to deal with a very competitive environment in routing.
Rami Rahim: Yes. From a customer perspective, I mean the answer is both. I mean we focus on growing our current customers, both as they grow, as well as getting new footprint into existing customers. And clearly we have a big focus on new logos as well, expanding our customer base, particularly in the enterprise, in some of those verticals where we have opportunity to expand further. 
Rami Rahim: Yes. So I'm actually very pleased with the momentum that we've built in the enterprise space. In Q4, we saw in double digit year over year growth and sequential growth. There’s been a concerted effort to really go after new logos. We added 3,500 new enterprise logo in the 2017 timeframe, and I believe that will continue. It’s not - there is a little bit of customer concentration, but for the most part, it's broad based. And we're definitely innovating in a way that makes us more relevant to the enterprise, with the goal of diversifying our business more in the enterprise space.  And just to give you an example of that. Contrail, which has been the SDN controller that we've developed initially primarily for large cloud and telco customers, is now essentially being repackaged in a way that solves some very meaningful enterprise problems, in particular multi cloud management and multi cloud security. The feedback that we've gotten thus far on this product direction has been phenomenal and we see some real opportunities to maintain, if not increase the momentum in the enterprise space with these technologies. 
Rami Rahim: Hey James. Let me start with the question around investments, and then Ken, I’ll let you address the first question. I'm an R&D guy. So I spent many years here developing the technologies, many of which are in the market today. So I have a good feel for this and I think that we have the right investments in the right areas. The key is focus. The key is ensuring that we remain incredibly focused, in particular on the cloud opportunity. And we're developing the technologies that make us even more relevant toward that opportunity across all of our key market segments. R&D investment as a percentage of revenue for us is actually quite healthy, if you compare us to our peers. So the net of it is I'm not concerned about our ability to invest in the areas in a very focused manner to maintain our competitive differentiation across all of our technologies/
Rami Rahim: Thank you, everyone for your questions. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Ken Miller: Yes. This is Ken. So there are really two factors. One is we did just come off of a Q4 where we did $330 million of share repurchases. So we were opportunistic in Q4. So we’re actually ending the year with less shares than we anticipated just 90 days ago. And second - the second factor is the one you mentioned is the ASR. So we're factoring in the impact to the ASR. You don't get full retirement immediately, but you get the majority of that impact in Q1.
Ken Miller: Yes. Majority will happen in Q1. There’ll be a follow up impact in Q2 and it will stay throughout the rest of the year at those lower levels.
Ken Miller: Sure. So I’ll take the gross margin question first. So there are many factors that impact gross margin as you know. And as it relates to the guidance of 58% plus or minus one, the Q1 guidance, really I think the easiest way to explain it would be to kind of bridge it from the Q4 levels. So think to 63.5%, 62% kind of level. Really there are three primary drivers in the decline, all of which are putting pressure on the margin itself. The first one is lower volume. So the revenue guide is a couple of hundred million less than the Q4 level. So that does have an impact on gross margin when you do that bridge. It’s just a factor of fixed cost as a percentage of total revenue.  The second factor is really the continuing product technology mix. So we've been talking about technology mix for a while. Think routing to switching. As routing is actually taking a bigger burden of the revenue decline, as a percentage of our total revenue, routing is down and that's also having a headwind to margin. And last but not least would be actually product mix within routing. So we talked a lot about the architectural shifts and a lot of that is MX to PTX from a scale up to scale out architecture. While the PTX margins are very healthy and actually above the corporate average, they are below our MX margin. So I do think that's another contributing factor into our margin guide. As Rami mentioned, it’s important to note that some of that is behind us. 50% of our PTX exports are actually substantially more than 50% of our PTX ports that we shipped in ‘17 to the cloud vertical, or PTX ports I should say. So that's a good story. We do expect margin to directionally be up. We think the full year levels will be up off of these Q1 - of this Q1 guide.
Ken Miller: Yes. So I mean volume as it relates to our fixed cost versus variable cost, is a big factor. I listed as the first primary factor, but it's really not impacting our purchasing power and our contract manufacturers. We have longer term contracts with our contract manufacturer providers and it doesn't have a quarter to quarter impact based on volume. So when I mention volume here, I'm really alluding to our actual standard margin is higher than our average gross margin because of some of the fixed cost components that get included into the gross margin math.
Ken Miller: Yes. So this is a level we're going to - we expect given the new tax rule. The big difference with just simply the blended approach that you mentioned, is we’re actually going to have a US tax on international earnings of roughly 10% in the new tax reform rules. So I think that's probably the piece you’re missing. So that results in the 21% expectation for this year.
Ken Miller: Yes. From an OpEx perspective, first of all, I want to note, we are pleased with our Q4 results. I mean, we did come in below the low end of our guidance range, primarily due to our headcount related costs, as well as some lower variable compensation. As we look ahead, we're not going to provide full year guidance. We did provide Q1 guidance of 45, plus or minus five, which is even with the fringe reset, as well as the variable comp reset. I think that shows you that we are very focused on OpEx discipline and will remain disciplined. We are - over the long term, we’re looking to expand operating margins. In a down revenue environment, I would say that we will also manage OpEx down. We’re not going to be able to perhaps match it one for one, but we are going to be very focused on OpEx as we move throughout the year and we see the revenue start to hit the quarters.
Ken Miller: Yes, I would just add, I mean I do think we expect switching to be a growth driver for us. We expect switching to return to growth in the second half and actually be full year growth for FY’18. We’re also very pleased with the momentum we’re seeing in security. We had our first year on year growth quarter in a while and we expect that FY’18 to be a year of security growth for us on a full year basis. But routing, given the transition and the difficulty in coming - understanding, when does it come back and when it’s going to come back in enough volume to offset some of the headwinds, I think it's reasonable to expect routing to be down on a full year basis in FY’18.
Ken Miller: Yes. So I just want to clarify. The sequential growth that we are expecting and the return to year on year growth is not a particular customer set or a particular technology. It’s really more of a Juniper overall revenue. We do have a broadening base in our switching business that Rami mentioned where we're seeing a lot of very consistent growth, double digit growth. In fact, if you normalize for the hyperscalers within the QFX, we believe security can continue to grow consistently going forward. We’re still in a bit of a turnaround there, but we're seeing signs of growth there and expect growth throughout FY’18. So the comment I'm making is not particular to this transition. It’s more broader - it's broader than that.
Ken Miller: Yes. So we don't all break it out for you, but I will say that it's - the service business does carry a fair amount of people costs and the reset of variable cost and fringe will have an impact on our service margin as well. Again, not going to give you the specifics, but I do think there's going to be a bit of a decline in both for Q1 off of Q4 levels. Back to the longer term margin, there's a lot of factors. I think we talked a little bit about what we're doing internally. There’s a big focus internally on innovation and making sure we do the value engineering work. We need to be cost competitive.  Optimizing the supply chain is something we continue to focus on. Pricing discipline is - I know the field is growing at a new pricing discipline and I think it’s going to pay off for us in the long run, as well as just increasing our software and solutions sales. There’s a lot of efforts underway to return the margin to growth. I also think probably the biggest single factor is going to be getting through this transition. Although the margin impact is largely being felt as now and this quarter and perhaps over the short term here, as we get through this transition, I think that will give us the opportunity to grow margin beyond these current levels.
Ken Miller: Yes. I think our expectation is to grow sequentially and return to growth late in the year. I believe it's reasonable to model that it could be a down year in full year revenue basis, based on what we see now, predominantly because of the routing shortfall.
Ken Miller: Okay. So let me answer the second one first, on the cloud transition. This kind of pricing inflection point that is happening from the MX to the PTX, is not one that I expect to happen again anytime in sort of the foreseeable future in a cloud or anywhere else. I do think that what we're seeing now is somewhat unique just by virtue of the fact that there is truly this architectural shift that's enabled by a new breed of routing platform that blends the line with switching, and that just doesn't happen all that often. So I think once we get through it, assuming that the cloud providers, especially the large hyperscalers, will need to continue to deal with growth in their businesses, which I would bet is the case for years to come, then we will benefit for that exiting 2018.
Ken Miller: Yes. Hi Jim. It’s a good question. I think that it's true. We have been benefiting from Cloud growth now for several years, right not just in the first part of 2017, but even for a few years behind that. As a result of that strength, we saw our market share in core routing, and particular North America, start to grow meaningfully over that time period. What we're doing now, I know it sort of feels painful and it's not the most fun thing to do from a quarterly results standpoint, but it is absolutely the right thing to do. We’re essentially making sure that we disrupt ourselves and maintain the footprint that we have built to date so that we can benefit from the next wave of spending by the cloud providers. I mean that's what it really comes down to.  As far as our ability to see it, we certainly saw it at a macro level because we build products for it, right? But did we predict the timing and the magnitude of the disruption in the transition? I’d say no, I don't think we predicted either of those things as well as I would have liked. But I think the most important thing is, I have the confidence that we will benefit from maintaining the footprint that we have as we get back into growth. And there is absolutely this goal that I mentioned earlier to expand into new opportunities and new footprints among the cloud providers, in particular in the data center.
Ken Miller: Yes. And from an earnings perspective, clearly our goal is to grow earnings over the long term. Given the kind of color that we provided on both revenue and gross margin, as well as OpEx for the year, I think it is reasonable to presume that EPS will be down on a full year basis, unless we see a stronger recovery of the revenue than we currently are projecting our models. From a - does it get to positive in Q4? I think that's clearly - it's too early to call at this point. Clearly our goal is to get to earnings growth sooner rather than later.
