Ken Miller: Yes, I would just reiterate that supply constraints are factored into our full year guide. To your point, Joe, the full-year guide is unchanged. We are seeing stronger-than-expected bookings. So the momentum is quite strong, that's resulting in improved visibility, improved backlog levels. That said, because of the supply constraints, we feel at this time keeping the guide kind of where it was on a full-year basis is the most prudent thing to do. That visibility and increased backlog will ultimately result in revenue for us, but at this point we see that perhaps beyond this year.
Ken Miller: Yes, so Q3, we definitely think that supply constraints are particularly tight, and we mentioned that on the prepared remarks and obviously factor that into our guidance. Both our top line guidance as well as our gross margin guidance. Q4, while we haven't given specific Q4 gross margin guidance, we have provided the full year and I think your math is pretty directionally correct where it applies somewhat flattish Q4 as compared to Q3. That said, it's a little bit too early to call with any more specificity than that. We do expect the volume to be up. Our software mix should be up, which would be obviously tailwinds and potentially positive drivers to gross margin improvement, potential gross margin improvement. However, given the supply dynamics and the quite honestly the unknown aspects as we continue to work through this, we think it's prudent to kind of keep the guidance where we have it on a full year basis.
Ken Miller: Yes. And from a revenue perspective, I would say that our durability for revenue growth is actually having a stronger belief that that's going to happen, then I would have had to say a few quarters ago given the bookings that we saw. So clearly the booking strength in the first half is setting us up well with an increased backlog, increased visibility in second half, which gives me confidence that our revenue strength that we've seen in the first half of 8% growth is going to result in a very solid year. We've raised the year now to 6% on a full-year basis, the second time this year since February that we've raised the full-year guidance on the revenue side, and part of that confidence is the strength we're seeing and the momentum that we have pretty much across the board.
Ken Miller: Yes, so from a revenue perspective, I don't believe it impacted our Q2 results materially. We're very pleased with the results we posted of $1.172 billion, which is towards the high end of our range. Obviously, the profitability metrics were also quite strong in Q2. So I don't believe it had an impact on our future results. That said, it is something we're considering as we set the guidance for Q3 and the rest of the year. We did increase the full year revenue guidance again for the second time this year up to 6% full year year-on-year growth and previously we were at 4% to 5%. So we are able to secure the supply, at least we believe we'll be able to secure the supply to go ahead and increase our revenue guidance. So it's not impacting us very negatively. However, it is part of that guide. We are definitely considering our ability to secure supply when we set our forward guidance. From a gross margin perspective, what's happening as we talked on the last call, at this point in time we clearly knew it on the last call that there were going to be some pressures because of supply constraints. But we also expected at that time to have some alleviating pressures coming back towards from the COVID perspective. So we were expecting some reduction in freight cost towards the second half of the year. Our current expectation does not call for that anymore. So we're seeing freight costs remain elevated throughout the rest of the year. That's our current anticipation. That coupled with the increased component costs that we're seeing and the expedite fees, et cetera has resulted in us bringing the full year guide down from 60% to 59.5%. So, I do believe these are temporary transitory costs if you will. they should -- we should recover from these. That said, I do think it will take at least a few quarters, right? It's not something I anticipate recovering from in the quarter or next or, but I do think we will recover this in the longer term and allow us to expand our gross margins and operating profits even more robustly than this year's level where we do expect some operating margin expansion, as well as earnings growth to be faster revenue. So we -- the profitability metrics are quite strong this year despite these pressures, as these pressures alleviate they just allow us to double down on our profitability goals.
Ken Miller: Yes. And on the Q4 guide perspective. as you mentioned, Tim, we had a very solid first half, Beat our midpoint of guidance, both in Q1 and Q2, raised guidance in Q2, and raised again in Q3 here on this call and raised the full-year at 6%. So we're pleased with the execution and the momentum we're seeing on the revenue side. That said, supply constraints are tighter now than they were in the first half. A lot of this has to do with our own inventory levels. And clearly we were anticipating some of the shortages and some of the buffer stock, some of the redundancy efforts we put into place starting last year, really helped us in the first half and they're going to continue to help us in the second half. However, material is getting tighter. So it is something that's going to impact us a bit and we wanted to make sure we factor that into our second half guide, which again is up from where we were earlier in the year and on a full year basis and Q3. So, I'm pretty pleased with the result. And I think given the strength of the bookings and the backlog we build, not only are we set up for a good second half, a good full year FY21, but it is likely to leak into FY22 as well. So, I think it gives us a good head start, this bookings growth that we're seeing and the momentum that we have now, there's a line for a solid 6% revenue growth, well above our at least low single-digit guidance range for this year and actually sets us up pretty favorably as we enter into 2022.
Ken Miller: Yes, I'll take this one. So from a -- yes, just to clarify. The comment about supply constraints and the impact it had on Q2 was with our own guidance from where we expected the quarter to land. So, we did factor in some supply constraints when we set our Q2 guidance. And you're right in that we -- the quarter played out actually a little bit more favorably than we expected, but largely in line and it didn't negatively impact our ability to hit our results in Q2.  The one area that is impacting the results and we called it out in prepared remarks was in gross margin, which was negatively impacted by about 50 basis points. Gross margin was quite solid above the midpoint of Q2 at 60%, but it would have been 60.5% were it not for some of these transitory costs, both of kind of a carryover from last year's COVID-related freight costs as well as some of the supply constraints that are starting to impact Q2. So, yes, to clarify that, that is what we intended to say. On the organic, we don't break out in organic versus non-organic . I'm trying to understand when you say non-organic, are you really referring to the most recent acquisitions of the last three quarters or so, and I can tell you those are on track. We're very excited about the momentum we're seeing there. We expect them to add a point of revenue growth. So that's is in the $45 million to $50 million area on a full year basis. Those numbers on a quarterly basis aren't that impactful really to our overall software growth and-or our security growth. They're a significant minority as compared to the strength we have on our Security business and our Software business. They are a big part of our future, both Software as well as Security, but to-date the Q2 results were not significantly impacted by those most recent acquisitions. Clearly, if you go back to the Mist acquisition days, there is a significant impact on our growth due to Mist on the Software side in particular, zero impact to Security. But on the Software side, Mist is a big driver for our software business, particularly our Software as a service business, which is embedded in that number.
Ken Miller: Yes. So, I do -- you are right in that our software mix absolutely did help overall gross margin. Mix is the biggest determinant, product and-or vertical is a highly correlation. However, even within vertical sometimes you might have some customer mix where your more advantage than other periods of time, maybe they're geographic, as an example, where we did have a higher margin and say the US Tier 1s than we might in some parts of Asia as an example. So there is a lot of mix to consider, but generally speaking, you're correct in that the vertical/product mix in aggregate was unfavorable. We offset some of that with some software growth, which is a little more slanted, particularly off box higher margin software is a little more as a percentage a little higher in our Enterprise -- our Cloud Ready Data Center AI driven enterprise businesses than it is our traditional service provider routing domain where we do have a fair amount of software, but it's more on box and as less margin impact overall. So that is part of the mix going forward. And last thing I'd call out Q2, we saw very strong Services gross margin in Q2, which was the primary reason why our gross margin was beyond the midpoint of our guidance. The product margin came in largely in line with our expectations. Even with the mix shift that you're talking about, the Services exceeded our expectations which resulted in the overall increase from mid-point.
Ken Miller: Yes. And our orders are cancellable. However, most orders would come with cancellation fee if a customer returns to cancel. And I would say that our history of cancellations is extremely low. We're quite confident in the strength of our backlog. We do not expect that cancellation activity to increase in any sort of significant way. And we feel that customers are just giving us advance or giving us better visibility to their true deployment needs as they're aware of our published lead times obviously and they want to make sure they get their orders in our hands in time for us to deliver against those stated goals. So I don't expect there to be any sort of disruption to our backlog or bookings from a cancellation perspective.
Ken Miller: Yes, we did change a fair amount of our products in Q2 time frame, late in Q2, we did increase list prices. I don't want to say across the board, Paul, but in a majority of our products we did see a price increase in Q2. That's going to play out over the next couple quarters, but it is something we did do in Q2.
Ken Miller: So from a quarter standpoint, I think that the trends and the momentum are broad based, certainly they're very strong in the Cloud provider space. But from an order standpoint, double-digit growth in Service Provider, double-digit growth in Enterprise as well. And then I just provided you with a color of over 100% growth in order in the Cloud Provider segment. So, clearly it's broad based and it's very encouraging and it bodes well for future quarters in terms of revenue. In terms of visibility that we have. You're right, in terms of the specific wins and the use cases within hyperscalers, our wins are WAN an inter data center that is not yet intra data center, although these continue to be opportunities that we pursue. And the rest of the Cloud Provider space, we have wins across the board that include WAN, Data Center Interconnect as well as inside of the Data Center.
Rami Rahim: Yes, so we have recently adjusted some price -- list price and changes for our products. We do that periodically. We did a pretty significant uplift in many of our products in the Q2 time frame. That will take some time to play through. As you know, we do have a fair amount of backlog that was on previous pricing levels, but still need to kind of ship. But as we continue to increase our bookings going forward, we should see a positive impact from our recent pricing changes. It wasn't across the board for all products, but it was a good percentage of our products in an attempt to offset some of the pressures we're seeing but it will play out over a fair period of time. Something we do periodically, making sure we have the right price for the right value that we deliver to our customers is something we're very focused on and something that we expect to play out in the form of improved profitability over time. It didn't have an impact on Q2 results, the price change came towards the end of the second quarter and really will play out over the next several quarters rather than have any impact on Q2.
Rami Rahim: Yes, let me start. It's a good question. We're entering the second half of this year with really strong momentum. What I like about this momentum is that it is really diverse. It cuts across geos. It cuts across our Customer Solutions. It cuts across the vertical segments. So we're firing on all cylinders on that front. There is definitely a COVID related element where customers are, let's say, making sure that they're getting ahead of potential supply constraints. But even factoring that out, we're seeing very solid order momentum with new projects that are starting, old projects that were paused that are starting to resume again, the need to build out capacity to keep ahead of customer demands on the network are all coming to fruition. I think we're executing well, so we're essentially setting ourselves up to benefit from that recovery in the markets. So, those -- that improved market condition to something that I think is going to be very good for us going forward. I don't think this -- the demand strength is not a short-lived thing from my perspective. I have confidence that the combination of market dynamics and our own execution, product differentiation, go-to-market strength is all going to work for us on a sustainable basis.
Rami Rahim: Yes, thanks for the question. So the strength that we've seen in Q2 is broad based. It cuts across every geography. The Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. You're right. EMEA has been especially strong, growing 10% year-over-year in the Q2 time frame and that is true -- we saw growth across all verticals and all solution areas in EMEA. But even in the Americas, we saw growth in every vertical and we saw special strength in Data Center opportunities and the AI driven enterprise opportunities across those verticals. And in Asia Pacific, I think we are executing extremely well there as well with growth in the Cloud vertical, in the Enterprise, and strength in Data Center, AI driven enterprise solutions. So I'm very encouraged, as I just mentioned earlier, with the diversity of the strength that we're seeing across geographies. There is definitely a market dynamic where things are working to our favor, but I think there's a result of this -- the fact that we are executing extremely well to capture that market opportunity.
Rami Rahim: Yes, absolutely. I'm quite frankly very excited about the Metro opportunity and the solutions that we're bringing to market today. We already have elements of that solution or available shipping with very solid early entrant. Despite the fact that the solution is not really fully complete we plan to round out that solution over the next year, year and a half or so with more and more products that will enter into the market. I think we're laying the foundation with Metro this year for growth next year. So this would be a growth vector within the automated WAN and especially in the Service Provider segment for next year. And again there is a very important elements of our automated WAN solution that is software, and this is where our Paragon automation suite comes into the picture. We've recently rounded out that solution, introduced new capabilities into the market and actually won a competitive win with a Tier 1 telecom operator in Asia Pacific just recently in fact, which I think speaks volumes to the strength of that software solution that we now have in the market and will only get stronger in time. So the net of it is, I think it's going to be a wonderful opportunity for us and I'm quite bullish about it.
Rami Rahim: Yes, maybe I'll start and then Ken you can talk a little bit about what color we can provide in terms of quantification. It's clearly a worldwide shortage. It's affecting many industries, not just IT and networking. It has resulted in extended lead times, but quite frankly all of our customers have now come to expect these challenges and as a result of that they providing us with much better visibility into their future purchasing and that's a very good trend for us quite frankly, especially in this constrained environment. And I -- just while I have you. Our supply chain team has been doing a phenomenal job, all things considered, navigating these challenges which change from a month over month to week over-week basis sometimes in terms of where those constraints are. And I personally have been very much involved in trying to alleviate challenges by working with our strategic partners. And I'll let Ken there start from there.
Rami Rahim: Yes, maybe I'll start with the second question first and then Ken I'll pass it to you to talk a little bit more about the supply chain related question. So, Enterprise, I'm very pleased with our performance and we have been doing well, performing well through -- from of the beginning of the onset of the pandemic despite end market disruptions that our industry has faced. There is no doubt the economic uncertainty as a result of COVID persists, but it's getting better and elements of the Enterprise market that have essentially shut down. Like take for example, traditional [ph]carpeted enterprise are starting to recover again and projects are starting to emerge and that will open up net new opportunities for us and it's a good time because our differentiation in this space has never been better, quite frankly. We're seeing great growth in the AI-driven enterprise, of course missed being a very important component of that. But I also want to emphasize that there is another leg to the Enterprise stool and that is Data Center. Now we've always done quite well in the Data Center space and the Enterprise, but I think now with the addition of the Astra Team, the technology, we've created some real lift to our solution to the differentiation in that space. So, from a Mist standpoint, the phenomenal growth and momentum just continues. Mist Solutions revenue which includes wireless, it includes wired, it includes software, grew at nearly 2X year-over-year. If you think about Mist all up in terms of annualized order run rate, we are now over $400 million. So, it's a pretty significant component of the total Juniper business. And then add to that, although it's early days with Astra, the initial feedback from customers, the initial win rate has exceeded our expectations and quite frankly the pipeline that we've built has been absolutely phenomenal. So, I think that Astra and the Data Center opportunities have a lot of the early signals that we got from Mist shortly after we made that acquisition in 2019.
Rami Rahim: Sure, Simon. Let me start. So first, we had a phenomenal Cloud quarter in Q2. It was a record quarter for us in that timeframe. Our cloud orders in fact were up over 100% year-over-year. So we're seeing real great strength there and it's broad based. We indicated in the last quarter that there has been a resumption of spend by our largest cloud provider customer that continued into the Q2 timeframe, but it also is true for the rest of the hyperscale customers as well as what we define as cloud majors, so Tier-2, Tier-3 cloud providers where the defined as customers whose businesses depend on deliver -- delivering some sort of cloud services; it continues from there. Momentum and strength double digit, well into double-digit territory in terms of both switching and routing WAN and Data Center. And then 400G wins. the momentum we're seeing in 400G wins across large Tier-1 hyperscale customers, as well as the broader cloud major customers is very, very encouraging. And there I would say that the differentiation that we have introduced into the market with our products across the full stack of technology from our network operating system it's evolved to our silicon technology. We have inserted silicon capabilities that are now in the market that we anticipated would be differentiated, things around security, for example, that have now resulted in wins for us and that gives us a lot of confidence that what we -- the design points that we have chosen that we've decided on, are actually paying off for us. So this is why all up, we're now anticipating that we're going to grow faster than the full year guide that we provided for Cloud provider in the last Analyst Day.
Rami Rahim: Yes, hi, Sami. Thanks for the question. I think the first question. sorry, I've already forgotten the first question.
Rami Rahim: Yes. I think very difficult for me to comment on what is -- what our customers are seeing from our peers in the industry. All I know is it's very likely that the demand, sorry the supply constraints and the challenges are broad based. They're felt across our peers, they're felt across the entire industry and many other industries. We have to understand that these supply constraints are very high upstream in the overall supply chain, all the way to the silicon fabrication houses that are around the world. So it's most likely the case that our customers are seeing very similar trends from all of our peers in the industry.
Rami Rahim: Okay. So I think that was our last question and maybe I'd like to close with just a couple of thoughts. I'm very encouraged by the momentum in the business. I like the diversity and the strength that we are seeing it speaks to our strategy, it speaks to the smart investments that we're making, it speaks to the strong execution by the team which I'm very proud of. I believe that our end markets are recovering and that we're set up to benefit from that recovery. And I also think that the demand strength that we're building as well as the backlog that we have now allows it -- sets us up to deliver greater improvements in profitability next year, especially as some of the transitory supply chain related costs start to recede. So this remains a very important focus area for myself and my management team. And with that, I just want to thank you all for your time and the confidence in us. Thank you.
