RamiRahim: Yes. Thanks for the questions, Samik. So obviously very pleased with our results in the cloud vertical, 70% year-over-year growth in revenue. This is actually the fourth quarter in a row where we've seen year-over-year strengths and in fact the strength was pretty broad based across technologies both sorry -- in all three areas of routing, switching and security. The other thing that I liked about the results in Q1 is the breadth across Tier-1 hyperscale cloud providers, as well as Tier-2 and Tier-3. In the Tier-1 space, it's mostly around the deployed footprint that we already have and the traffic requirements over those networks which resulted in goods bookings and revenue momentum and in the Tier-2, 3 space there were some of that as well as and in that area because we've really been focusing on net new logos in our go-to-market organization. There were probably a few new accounts that contributed to the momentum as well.
RamiRahim: Thanks for the question, Simon. So again pleased with our performance in what is a dynamic and competitive environment in the enterprise space. We saw strength in switching, US government performed well; our sales transformation that we have been embarking on over the last year starting to pay off. Mist had a record quarter and the momentum there has been strong. You're absolutely right. I think if you look at our enterprise business and unpack it, we have significant exposure to elements of the enterprise market like federal government, public sector, education, financial services that we believe are going to be more resilient to any economic downturn. The parts of the enterprise market like retail that is probably going to be less resilience we just have less exposure to.
RamiRahim: Yes. It's a good question, Ittai. We obviously took a hard look at this and when we analyzed the numbers and we saw where the bookings momentum was coming from, I'd say that the Covid related orders were there, but they represented a relatively small part of the performance that we saw in the Q1 timeframe. And so let me expand on that a little bit more. In the service broader space, we have had a deliberate strategy over the last few years to diversify not just in the Tier-1 accounts where we have strength and footprint, but in to Tier-2 and Tier-3 and we saw the Tier 2, Tier-3 SPs kick in. We saw good momentum in the cable space for example especially here in the US. So I actually think the diversification of our SP business has helped us more than any Covid related increases in traffic. And on the cloud side, again, I do think that there were certain elements of cloud momentum that were a result of cloud services especially those that were in the business of offering connectivity and services like video conferencing for work from home users, but there the exposure to tier 2, tier 3 that strategy certainly helped us and of course, the hard work over the last couple of years in transitioning our customers to a new scale of product set and as a result of that retaining that footprint has allowed us to be in a position where we can reap the benefits of deployments today.
RamiRahim: Yes. Tal, thanks for the question and my answer is largely similar to that I just provided to Ittai. Like I said there has been some order patterns especially in cloud and SP that were clearly tied to increase traffic within network as a result of the Covid-19 situation. But in our analysis that is a relatively small portion of the overall performance that we saw especially from a booking standpoint in those verticals. And in the enterprise side, we actually saw sort of a balance of maybe some pull in but also some push out near the end of the quarter in particular, so on average I think it was probably a wash at least in the Q1 timeframe.
RamiRahim: Yes. A good question as well. So we were one of the first established networking vendors to embrace white box routing and switching years ago. We've never resisted the movement. We've actually offered that as a business model to our customers where they can procure software and hardware separately or procure software and deploy on white boxes if they choose to do. So we've had many customer conversations about this over the years and we've actually invested in the architectural principles behind white box routing where we decoupled software from hardware because it makes sense for us to do so irrespective of whether customers embrace the business model. Quite frankly, the uptake, the interest level from customers in embracing it has just been limited. And I think that many of our customers appreciate the fact that we're not resisting it. We're offering it as an option but also appreciate the fact and choose to deploy the simpler model of just an integrated stack whether software running on systems that are merchants silicon-based or software that's running on systems that's custom silicon-based.
RamiRahim: Yes. Certainly, Tim. I mean if anything Covid-19 has been a reminder of just how important the performance and the resilience of global networks are to Juniper, but also certainly to the world and the big industry trends 400 gig being one of them, one that we've invested in; one that we're certainly counting on are going to be more important rather than less important as a result of the this pandemic. Your question is around timing, my belief is if there is an impact to timing to the deployment of 400 gig, it will be fairly minimal because I do see that many cloud providers, some of the service providers today are just so focused on deployment in existing network to meet the capacity requirements of those networks that there might be some defocusing from the projects for 400 gig. But that said, I think, if it is an impact it will be relatively small and the opportunity remains large and our ability to compete in our opportunity I feel very good about.
RamiRahim: Yes. There are two elements to the diversification in this business that I like. The first is around diversification in customers, geographically and also in segments sort of tier-1 and tier-2, tier-3, but then the second thing that I really like is the diversification of the solutions that we're offering them. So certainly there is traditional routing, but we saw double-digit growth in switching; double-digit growth in security that we sold into the service provider market. And I think that diversity is certainly healthy. We exited Q1 with solid booking, so I actually expect you to see a meaningful sequential recovery. And I think for the full year seeing sort of what we expected sort of mid-single digit declines in service provider probably a good way to think about the business.
RamiRahim: Yes. Let me let me answer the first question and then I'll pass it on to Ken to talk a little bit about your question on services. In the enterprise space, I wouldn't actually classify it as a pause in so much as a weakening of pipeline. The outlook and especially over the next immediate few quarters that pipeline we were counting on just softened up a little bit, but actually the momentum as I mentioned in Q1 was relatively strong all up and that's true for both the datacenter side, as well as the Campus and LAN side. Your question around transformation initiatives, enterprise transformations as they pertain to things like when transformation or SD-WAN Campus transformation moving to cloud managed solutions for wireless LAN and LAN, is actually a very good one. I do think there will be some perturbation in the business as a result of economic uncertainty due to Covid in the short term. I also think that as we emerge from the Covid crisis and things normal, I believe that those transformational efforts, especially Enterprise are going to become more important as opposed to less important.  So that's exactly what we have been counting on as a trend that shapes our strategy and where we have been investing. We're not going after the generic wireless LAN and LAN market. We're going after the AI driven, cloud delivered wireless LAN and LAN market and even in the WAN the things we are after is the SD-WAN transformation and I think that the long-term prospects for that part of the enterprise market is actually good. And that's what we're investing in.
RamiRahim: Jeff thanks for the question. Well, I will say this, if I think about how well Juniper as a company has been executing in a work-from-home basis over the last several weeks, I think it's eye-opening to see just how well we have done under those extreme conditions. And in many of the conversations that I've had with customers CEOs, CTOs, CIOs many would express the same thing. So there has -- this has been this grand experiment in some ways of trying to determine how well we can work remotely. And the one thing that enabled us to do this is the global network that we Juniper as well as our peers in this industry have had a hand in building over the years. In some sense like the network has almost been taken for granted for the last few years and this has been a reminder of just how important it is. Your question is about lasting effect, and I do think there is going to be a lasting effect. My belief is more meetings will happen after, even after we return to offices. And I'm sure that will happen at some point. There will be more meetings that will be held through video conferencing as opposed to travel. More conferences will be conducted virtually as opposed to conferences that require a lot of travel and people congregating in similar places. And I think that's good for obviously for our business. We're on the right side of that change and specifically when you look at the areas where we've invested. And I just mentioned around enterprise transformation, cloud delivered AI driven et cetera. These are elements of the new normal that I think are going to work in our favor.
RamiRahim: Okay. So we have as you know restructured sales to create an opportunity for us to invest in more quota carrying sellers. I think that started now more than a year ago. We started to see the benefits of that in Q4 and I think they continued into Q1 to the extent that the Covid uncertainty will impact the enterprise market more than anything else. We will monitor and modulate our investments in sales accordingly. So we're going to keep a very close eye on what happens in that vertical. And we won't -- the last thing we want to do is get ahead of ourselves and invest more than what we need to do, but at the same time I think the momentum that we have seen; the differentiation that we have in the market. The strengths of our products and the fact that we have relatively small share and an opportunity to take share even in a more challenging market gives us the confidence that some investment as we're doing today still makes sense.
RamiRahim: Okay. Sami, so the first question, if I understood correctly in terms of Juniper versus alternative to Juniper and the decisions our customers make. I mean that's not a new dynamic in the industry. This is a competitive industry and we're very comfortable operating in a competitive industry. I did mention earlier in the call and I believe this is true that when you have periods like this where traffic capacities and traffic dynamics are changing and your service providers and cloud providers in particular are supporting a work from home type of scenario. I think that environment favors those cut -- those technology providers that have deployed footprint. And we certainly have a very wide global deployed footprint that we can and continue to take advantage of. On your question around Mist, in the enterprise space in Q1 in particular what we saw was more broadly than just Mist really an enterprise all up and Mist obviously the significant component of enterprises. There were some orders that pushed out in time and there were some ordered that were pulled in and net-net is probably a wash in terms of how that affected the performance of the enterprise business in the Q1 timeframe.
KenMiller: Yes. So from a gross margin perspective we did have a strong Q1. We did have some cost rated Covid-19 was fairly immaterial. I do expect to have additional cost in Q2 that's actually one reason why the Q2 guide is relatively flat even though volume is up. So we had some cost in Q1, we should have a little bit more in Q2, still not super material but it's going to be a few tenths of a points of a headwind in Q2 as compared to Q1, but overall margin is tracking fairly in line with that exception.
KenMiller: Yes. So and just to add on to Rami's previous answer, the travel, retail and hospitality, those segments of the enterprise which we think are more exposed that's less than 15% of our total enterprise sales on the average core. So we feel good about our, the exposure levels we have in some of the more resilient enterprise sub segments. On a financing and cash receivable perspective, we have not seen any change to date. We are anticipating some modest push outs of collectibility and perhaps a little bit more bad debt, but to date we haven't seen it. We are aggressively working with customers on our Juniper financing services programs that we do offer leasing and extended payment term programs and we have revamped some of those and are offering those to customers as we speak. And I do expect to see some more traction in that space going forward.
KenMiller: Yes. I would say there is, in particular on enterprise side and we feel pretty good about our cloud and service provider visibility for the year; really nothing has changed there from where we were 90 days ago, but from the enterprise side it's very difficult to predict the second half and therefore the full P&L.
KenMiller: Yes. I'm sorry. So we did break out a couple years back that the US federal government was 15% of total enterprise and that percentage is largely unchanged. That's just the US Federal. We obviously have international federal government, local, state government and other government agencies that are not part of that 15%, but that gives you some sort of order of magnitude there.
KenMiller: Yes. So the linearity in Q2 was actually in line with our normal expectations that across geography kind of across vertical et cetera. So linearity was on track. We already mentioned booking -- I am sorry in Q1. Bookings was stronger than we expected but it wasn't kind of a last week booking, it was really throughout the quarter, we saw strength. We expect most of what we weren't able to ship in Q1 to ship in Q2. We still have certain supply constraints that we are working through, but I feel like most of the backlog we carried in Q2 will ship in Q2. That said Q2, we do believe cloud and SP momentum will continue. So we expect another quarter of strong bookings there. Enterprise is probably the one that has the most uncertainty. We have seen some pipeline softness in our enterprise business. Clearly, we factored all that into our Q2 guide.
KenMiller: Yes. So we're presuming similar dynamics in Q2 that's what we're assuming when we created our Q2 guide. We're not counting on significant improvements in the supply chain. Lead time started to extend in kind of early February. They've been extended throughout the rest of Q1 and they're currently still extended and I believe that's going to improve over time. Exactly when is still yet to be determined. There's obviously every day we seem to get a different update on what country is struggling to actually get into the factories and produced goods. So we anticipate similar dynamics. Again, we're trying to improve them. We're working very diligently to improve our flexibility and supply chain, but we're not counting on that when we set the Q2 guide. 
KenMiller: I would say we expect to maintain a healthy backlog as we execute to, as we enter Q2. So I won't comment specifically on book-to-bill, but I do believe our backlog that we've grown in Q1 will remain strong as we exit Q2. 
KenMiller: Yes. It's pretty hard to predict to be honest with you. I mean a lot of us going to do adjust the timing of the orders; the particular components that that we're struggling to procure. So I wouldn't assume it's going to be one vertical or the other in Q2. Clearly, in Q1, it did impact service provider more than the other verticals, but again it wasn't some sort of structural reason; it was just really the timing and the situation that we ran in this last quarter that could very well change moving forward. All lead times are extended not just service provider lead times, in enterprise and cloud lead times; we've also seen an extension in those due to supply constraints.
KenMiller: What I mean by similar dynamics is, I think, our ability to ship product as compared to what we book will be in similar from a ratio perspective. So based on the linearity that we expect, I think, our ability to fulfill orders on a percentage basis of total orders will be largely in line with what we did in Q1 which would literally right. As we were not able to ship as many orders as we normally do.
KenMiller: Yes. So because we saw booking strength across all geographies in Q1 and yet revenue you'll note the only Americas grew the rest of world did not. I do believe that the rest of world has a strong sequential growth opportunity had given the backlog we built in Q1. On the Americas side, there is a heavy cloud focus there. We had a very strong cloud quarter in Q1, expected to remain strong and I expect a quarter you're going to see if some lumpiness there and we do have a more difficult compared Q2 last year than growth will be what we've had the last few quarters. And that will impact Americas, but beyond that, Rod, it's difficult to get into specifics on geographic mix of Q2. We feel good about the overall revenue objective. I do think SP will be up sequentially quite strong and the rest of business as we outlined.
KenMiller: Yes and on the services front, the business continues to do quite well. We grew a 2% in this first quarter and most of that revenue and the vast majority of that revenue is service and maintenance contracts. We do have a smaller kind of professional services business and in that's out of the business it is a bit lumpy based on when we actually complete services. So really the PS, professional services volatility you're going to see a quarter-to-quarter has to do with just timing of revenue recognition and current quarter as compared to the prior compare whether it be the private quarter or the prior year quarter. So really nothing unusual there. I expect the service business to remain strong the rest of this year and I think the growth rates we've been seeing in the recent past kind of the low single-digit growth rates are what I would expect going forward in aggregate basis.
KenMiller: Yes. So, yes, I do think that the things that are going in our favor sequentially in the Q2 gross margin would be volume. Increase in volume is typically favorable as well as the customer mix as we expect service provider to actually have a nice sequential growth in Q2. Those are both positives. The reasons that while we're guiding to flat is there are a couple offsetting factors. One of which is we've mentioned a certain strategic insertion opportunities in some of the emerging markets that we forecast to LAN in the second quarter. And those are lower margin deals with the opportunity to expand margin over time, but those handful of deals are negatively impacting our forward guide from a gross margin perspective. In addition, we do expect there to be some supply chain related cost due to Covid-19. We're doing everything we can to securing source supply. We're doing everything we can to ship and create the logistics machines that we need to actually deliver products to customers. It's very challenging in today's environment. So some of those -- some of those actions are actually more costly than they would have been in a normal environment.
KenMiller: Yes. Mist had a record quarter and I did say that the customer count grew a 100% year-over-year and standalone bookings have now exceeded a $100 million on an annualized basis on a standalone basis. So it does not include any pull through of other products. So your question is a good one because we're very much now investing in a strategy where Mist, the platform behind Mist, the clouds enabled AI driven platform actually starts to manage and monitor more and more of our enterprise focus. The first one being our EX wired switching platform that happened. We delivered that as a product offering in the Q4 timeframe and we're already seeing meaningful momentum. So while most of the Mist strength has been in just wireless LAN, the component which is due to sort of attached products under the Mist umbrella is becoming increasingly significant quarter-by-quarter. And I think that's going to be a big part of the success story in the next several quarters and years.
KenMiller: I think at the highest level, we haven't seen a material difference to linearity. Q1 linearity was largely tracking as we would normally expect Q1 linearity to track. That said I do believe there are situations where our sellers and our customers are working together on when they actually need the product. When the time to deploy is currently scheduled and they might be backtracking forward maybe a couple more months and they normally would to place that order. So I do believe there's going to be some of that going forward, Jim. But it's been -- has it been big enough -- has it been enough of that to really move the numbers materially at a macro level.
KenMiller: The only thing I would add is from the orders and shipments perspective, we had strong orders. We are dealing with extended lead times. We talked about that. Just to give you guys some data there, the average lead time for our product is two to four weeks depending on the product and we've seen that extend by about two weeks. So we're looking at four to six weeks on average as the current lead times. And we've seen that for the last couple months. Customers, if we're working with our customers, we're booking order; we're doing our best to get them the product; the timelines they need. We have not seen customers de-book orders. Customers aren't -- when we aren't able to fill the timeline that we are driving to, we're working with those customers and we're still being able to retain those bookings. So we're not seeing de-booking, they're not shipping from our gear to something else because of supplies constraint at this point, obviously, we continue to look to avoid that type of behavior, but we haven't seen any to date. End of Q&A
