Rami Rahim: Okay. Thank you, Pierre. So let me just address your first question, which is around the service provider outlook, primarily here in the United States. There are number of factors that we look at. Obviously as we talk to our customers and we engage with them very closely, number one would be things around the timing of projects that we’ve been working with them on. We are looking obviously at macro trends that are happening around M&A activity, the investment split between wireline and wireless that are large service provider customers that are currently expecting to undertake spectrum auctions. All of these have contributed to our assessment, but it makes sense for us at this point to maintain our prudent outlook looking forward and manage our business accordingly. Now that said, we are engaging with them on an ongoing basis. And based on that engagement, the timing of projects and so forth, we do anticipate that their investment levels would start to recover in the second half of this year. On your second question, which is more around the geo-profile for service providers, and maybe more broadly speaking, let me just touch on the Juniper business as it pertains to our performance across the globe. And I will touch on it more from a service provider standpoint, because I believe that’s what you’re interested in just from your question. In EMEA, I am actually pleased with our performance and the momentum that we’re seeing both in the smaller Tier 2, Tier 3 service providers that have really adopted a number of our products, especially our MX and PTX products as a build-out converged infrastructures and we are actually seeing some good momentum in the quarter as well in the Q4 timeframe. And in APAC, there its bit more of a complex answer because I think the situation in places like China is somewhat different than the outside of China. In China, we have to be very laser-focused on opportunities that we believe we actually have a good chance of winning and it’s very much a partner-led model in doing so. And that can result in some lumpiness. Now we actually had some good sequential performance in China in Q4. But generally speaking, as I said, that could be lumpy. More broadly speaking, outside of China, as you look at South Asia for example, there based on a number of wins that we’ve had historically and ongoing projects that we are working on, we are actually doing quite well and I am pleased with our performance there. And I expect that to continue throughout this year in 2015.
Rami Rahim: Okay. Let me address that question, thanks Ehud. So first, yes, you are right, you have to keep in mind that I was a part of the leadership team that developed, created that strategy and it’s a strategy that I very much believe in. It’s a strategy that from a go-to-market standpoint is laser-focused on key verticals that we believe will value the types of technologies and products that we develop and where we have the maximum chance of success. It’s a strategy where from an R&D standpoint, we’re really executing on the performance, scale capabilities that customers require, but just as importantly the software-driven innovation around automation, absolutely fundamental. So, that all remains absolutely intact. And we are executing towards that. There are changes or twist to the strategy as it pertains to security. I mentioned some of that in my prepared remarks upfront. But just to reiterate, we are pivoting away from thinking about security from a standpoint of Point products. We are moving much more towards integrated solutions across switching, routing and security that address domain level problems that our customers want from us. And we are executing on a very high leverage strategy and engineering across switching, routing and security. I will just say that there are tremendous assets across silicon and routing, or as I should say silicon and software that have largely gone untapped for security. And we have this incredible opportunity as a part, as a function of this new strategy to leverage these assets to give us relatively quick gains in the performance, scale and capabilities of our security products, and that’s exactly what we’re going to be executing on now.
Rami Rahim: Okay. So as far as the service provider timing, nobody has a crystal ball that tells us exactly what is going to be. But again based on the data that we gathered from our customer on an ongoing basis and understanding of the macro trends, we do believe second half will resume the growth that we had anticipated as we have said earlier Simona. I can’t really talk about any specific projects, but I will say this, we are very tightly aligned with our large service provider customers, both here in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. Everybody, many of our customers are looking at new approach to delivering services to their end users using cloud-based service delivery models. And I believe that we are very well-positioned with the products that we have [Technical Difficulty] having the strategy that we’re executing on to set ourselves up to participate in the growth once it resumes. So I can’t talk about any specific projects, but I can say, products like our virtual MX, products like the virtual SRX or what we call the Firefly that really represent a new way of service delivery using cloud-based models are exactly the kind of products that our customers are requesting today. And I think set ourselves up for success when spending starts to recover.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Sure, Tal. So you are right that there are two components to our security business. First is the NetScreen products or the ScreenOS products that have been in decline and continue to be decline, a fairly rapid decline in fact and now represents a relatively smaller fraction of our overall security business. The SRX products, they are the high end and the low end component and especially the high end component does have a sort of a lumpiness to it because it relies on large deals and typically they are service provider deals around the world. So, we did see that impacts us to some extent in the Q4 timeframe. But I think the overarching message that I want to get across on this call is that I am not pleased or satisfied with the performance of our security business. I think we can and will do better and this is a competitive space and we have to operate and innovate under that assumption. And that requires that we take a much more focused approach and ensuring that these products, the ones that you are asking about the Junos based products are going to be incredibly competitive against everybody else in the industry, especially as it pertains to integrated solutions of security and routing. That’s exactly what we are going to be focusing on, and that’s where you are going to see some of the enhancements that I have talked about coming out later this year.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Sure. Bill, thanks for the question. Let me address the security question and then I will hand it over to Robyn to talk about the financial metric that you are asking about. All right. The strategy that we need to be on is in fact the one that you are taking about right now, where we can -- we have to focus in areas where we can in fact be effective, where we actually have been effective historically. If for example, you are talking about the Gi firewall, their scale, performance, power efficiencies and the effectiveness of stopping attacks is very much there. And there are in fact synergies there with routing. And so this back-to-basics approach that I have just described or I can leverage some of the silicon enhancements that I have already funded, that I have already invested in to improve my routing and switching, can be used very effectively and securities can be done and that’s what we will do. So, I recognized that we are probably stretching your patience a little bit here with respect to this business. But I also want to emphasize that I’ve taken now a thorough look as part of my onboarding as CEO. And I’ve looked at, where it is that we should focus and where we should not focus. And as a result of that, we’ve come out with this high-leverage strategy that I think will make us very competitive in the securities space.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, sure. Let me try to demystify it for you. So if you look at Juniper’s routing business overall, vMX is in fact a router, just has to be a virtualized router. We make the bulk of our revenue in the high performance end of that range i.e. the larger systems are the systems that sell the most, just by virtue of the applications and the used cases that we are solving for our customers. There is also market out there for low end routers. It’s a market that we are not as penetrated in today. It is a market where this trend of virtualization will in fact impact first because virtualization i.e. this movement of services in the case of virtual MX. It’s a layer three routing service on to virtual machines that fit on standard servers is interesting in some -- and it’s ability to deliver agility to our customers. But it certainly cannot keep up with the performance that our customers require for their high-end applications where we already are very well penetrated today. So the net of what I’ve just said is that, the Virtual MX represents a great opportunity for Juniper to go after the low-end routing environment and use cases for our customers. So where are our customers are thinking about deploying small PE router that the service provide edge, they now might consider using a Virtual MX software license, download it off of our website and deployed on a standard rack servers, that’s a revenue opportunity for Juniper and of course, the profit opportunity for Juniper. So it’s highly complimentary with the rest of our portfolio. It still, I don’t -- I want to also set some expectation, because the market is still in its early stages here. This is a developing market. But in developing and shipping this product, we are essentially sending the message and putting a stake in the ground to our customers that we want to participate in this emerging market with really compelling feature rich products, a product like this is one that we are -- we have to be proud enough of to put the MX logo on it and that’s essentially what we have done.
Rami Rahim: Okay. So on the cloud and especially as it pertain to the switching opportunity. If you look at our business today, there -- the bulk of our switching product fell into either data center or some combination of data center and campus. And even when you look at the campus dimension of this, it’s actually the larger, more mission critical campuses that we are going after, because quite frankly, it’s geared toward customers that care about carrier class capabilities, performance and scalability that we address very well. So that is how I would look at the business today. Now as we start to introduce some of the new products. Certainly, we will have an opportunity to go deeper into these exiting opportunities and the enterprise for data center and mission critical campus. But we also open up new opportunities in the cloud providers and financial services in particular. That’s how we’d characterize where we are today and the opportunity going forward. I’ll just touch very briefly on the second question which is a -- yes, I mean, you’re right. Even if we introduce new products this year, there is the typical certification and qualification cycle that can take a quarter -- I should say few quarters by our customers. Enterprise customers will typical make that more on the lower end of the range, maybe a quarter to two quarters service by the customers could take nine months to a year of certification.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Sure, Subu. So certainly, you picked up on something that’s very important, which is that -- and you see this in our Q4 results, in fact, which is that we have offset some of the weakness in the large U.S. service providers by diversifying our business across a number of key verticals including cloud providers and cable. That is by design, that is very much a function of our strategy. And I think that’s a very healthy thing to do and we will continue to do just that. So whereas we anticipate a recovery in spending by our large service provider customers in the second half, we certainly are not counting completely on that. We’re also executing on this high diversification strategy across all of our key verticals both from a go-to-market focus standpoint as well as from the solutions that we’re developing for those verticals.
Rami Rahim: Yeah. Sure. Thanks Brian. You are right. I think that the switching products that we have today limit the opportunities to very specific opportunities that we go after, where we know that we can be successful based on the capabilities of our product portfolio. We do have a programmable spine today that’s very useful for certain types of cloud data centers and campus environment, this is EX9200. But that said, if the requirement is more around very dense spine switches than there the product positions that we have is the QFabric. Now, yes, I have alluded to the fact that we are introducing more products in the switching space of this year and certainly I expect that those products are going to help us address a broader set of applications across a broader set of vertical markets, including as I just mentioned in the cloud provider space.
Robyn Denholm: And so Ashwin, let me just address the goodwill and the timing of the impairment charge. We do a regular review of the current value of goodwill as required under GAAP. In Q4, the underperformance of the security revenues continued and so we took another look at that. In Q4, we also took into account the other factors that I mentioned in my prepared remarks around the restructuring that we have done in that business area in the security roadmaps and then also the pivot on the strategy as well. So all of those, as Rami mentioned before, culminated after his review of the security portfolio and so it’s the combination of factors. It’s not one factor that led us to impair the goodwill, the continuing underperformance and the product rationalization that we’ve completed now.
Robyn Denholm: Thanks, Rami. And so, Mark, in terms of the cash position, as we mentioned that, we had strong operating cash flows for the year of 2014 about $763 million. We do generate cash strongly from the business in terms of our operating cash flow. We did last year return more than our free cash flow to shareholders. On the past, we’re on that task too and efficient capital structure as we’ve outlined previously. And therefore, you would expect that to happen last year and through the first half of this year, we anticipate buying back about a billion dollar shares as we’ve talked about before part of our repurchase and capital return program. In terms of overall debt to cash ratio, we are looking to maintain our investment grade rating and therefore, we’ll be now financial means in order to maintain that rating. And so that is what we’re doing as a company and we continuing to execute to that capital -- efficient capital structure, as well as our investment credit rating.
Robyn Denholm: So, Tal, we provided to table in the slides. The decline was purely the result of the post divestiture. So when you normalize to that services for the post business, we’re actually sequentially up. And so that business is very healthy as you see by the operating margins that we are yielding and actually the revenue continues to increase quite agnostically well.
Robyn Denholm: And Bill, in terms of the book-to-bill, I can say that it was greater than one in fact I think much greater than one you replace with the book-to-bill, our backlog was at about $445 million exiting the year, roughly flat with the beginning of the fiscal year, which we’ll replace about.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, but firstly thanks Amitabh. In terms of the gross margins to date, we did call out for the guidance range that there will be towards the low end of our long-term model that we’re actually -- have been our long term targets that we called out in October. And then it’s a fixed result of Q1 mix in all that volume reduction as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. In terms of the ongoing gross margin on place with the performance of gross margin as I’ve mentioned for the full year of 2014, we were roughly flat with ’13. That’s really a reflection of the intense focus that we have on the cost side of the supply chain and also a reflection of the value that customers see in the innovation that we are bringing to market. And so as we move forward here, we expect to be in the range that I talked about at the Investor Day which is 64 plus or minus a bit.
Robyn Denholm: And Subu, if I can just add, in my prepared remarks today, I talked about the full year of 2014, just like at the Analyst Day, I talked about the three quarters through the end of Q3 of 2014. A similar sort of pattern as Rami mentioned happened in the fourth quarter as well. What we thought for the full year of 2014 is that the U.S. large service providers were actually down year-over-year and they were offset by growth in cable and content service providers. And that was the thing that we talked about at the Analyst Day as being an important one because what it does is that it shows not only the diversification of the revenue but also the applicability of the technology and the solutions that we’re developing across multiple customer segment and that includes the Enterprise, because enterprise for the full year was pretty steady. It was actually a good performance for enterprise for the year. So, I think that is a very big part of the leverage strategy that Rami’s talked about in terms of the product portfolio that we have and also going forward in terms of growth, targeting those areas that are going faster than the rest.
