Robyn Denholm: Yes, Nikos. In terms of the gross margin, what we saw quarter-over-quarter in routing, it was all to do with mix. As I said in my prepared remarks, we had a soft quarter in terms of T-Series for routing. Having said that, the overall routing quarter was relatively strong, so we had a good edge quarter in routing. The gross margins relative to their normal levels were quite high in their individual categories or quite reasonable in their individual categories. In terms of switching, there was no discernible difference in the gross margins for switching across the board. They were within the normal range.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, so in terms of the full year at 12% to 14%, I think the factors that we've talked about in terms of being cautious in the near term all apply. In terms of the full year operating margin guidance, our operating principle was that we would expand operating margin for the full fiscal year. We do not believe that, that will happen now. So the answer to that is we will not expand operating margins for the full fiscal year. In terms of the third quarter, I gave you the range of 19% to 21%. We expect improvement in the fourth quarter from that point, and we'll give you more color on that as we move forward here. In terms of the MX, we're very confident with our MX portfolio. We know the product is very competitive out there. We've got lots of design wins, some of which have not started to deploy yet and the quarter-over-quarter sequential was relatively modest in terms of the decline. So I put that more down to timing of the deployments that we still have in terms of the commencement of those starting as we move forward throughout the year.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, so on the operating margin, obviously for the full fiscal year of 2011, we don't think we will achieve our operating principle of expanding the operating margins for the full year. Having said that, we believe that 25% in terms of the operating margin or higher is definitely still the target from a long-term perspective. And there are many things that we're optimistic about in terms of revenue growth. I think if you sit back, we're focused on driving revenue growth, which then yields the 25% operating margins that we've been targeting the company at. And many of those products and many of those solution sets are nearing coming to market. So we feel very good about that.
Robyn Denholm: In terms of the 12% to 14%, at the midpoint of guidance at 13%, we are expecting many of the -- well, a lot of the design wins that I talked about starting in the last part of the year or later in the year to commence deployment in the fourth quarter. We're not expecting a return to demand in Japan to normal levels in the fourth quarter. We think that's more likely the first part of next year. So it's really a commencement of the design wins that we have, as well as switching growth as we move forward as well.
Robyn Denholm: So Ittai, I think in terms of routing, we are expecting a low single-digit decline in routing overall, primarily the service provider sector there, as these design wins still are not coming to fruition in terms of the timing of those. We expect most of those to happen in the fourth quarter as I've sort of alluded to before. So sequentially down low single digits for routing. Enterprise growth primarily all related to switching, we expect flat to slightly down in terms of SLT for the third quarter in enterprise. And so that actually at the midpoint has us down at 2% quarter-over-quarter.
Robyn Denholm: I think if you look at the midpoint of guidance, 12% to 14%, obviously the midpoint is 13%. And at the midpoint for the third quarter, it's a sequential 2% decline. So the fourth quarter, we have the midpoint at 18% quarter-over-quarter increase. If you look at last year, we actually did about 18.5%. So our sequential increase from third quarter to fourth quarter over the last few years has been in that sort of range of 18% to 20%. And the factors that will influence that is routing deployments in the fourth quarter, as well as enterprise revenue growth in switching between the third and fourth quarter as well.
Robyn Denholm: So I think at a high level, the first thing in terms of the third quarter, we do view that as a sideways-to-down quarter in terms of revenue from the second quarter. And that's not our normal seasonal pattern, as Kevin mentioned before. Normally, we have a sequential increase. And so there is some timing related to design wins deploying later in the year. I would actually go back and have a look at the calculations, the year-over-year growth, because the third quarter last year, there is no impact from the accounting. The accounting actually started at the beginning of the fiscal year. So all the way through last year, there were new deals that were accounted under the new revenue recognition. They're not old deals that have changed their accounting treatment. So they were new deals in the third quarter. So the real way to look at year-over-year growth for the third to fourth quarter for last year is 18.5%.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of QFabric, we'll get some revenue this year, but as we said consistently, it will be relatively modest this year. In terms of T4000 and PTX, the T4000 will start shipping this year. We're expecting revenue in the first quarter of next year. In terms of PTX, it will start shipping in the first quarter of next year.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of the long-term model, I mean we talked about it on the call. We feel really good about the long-term in terms of the growth opportunities that we have ahead of us with the product cycles that we have. In terms of specific color about next year's growth, we will do that late in this year or early next year as we get ready for setting up for the 2012. But I think if you look at the model, the model is about optimizing the top line growth with the market opportunities that we see ahead of us, as well as being efficient and effective with our use of resources to drive that 25% operating margin. In terms of MX 3D, I did give the number. The total MX was down slightly quarter-over-quarter and up significantly year-over-year. And it was really around the timing and deployment of the design wins that we have. So it was a normal type of thing that you have with deployments of a fast ramping product.
Robyn Denholm: On the EMEA question, Rod, you're right. We actually saw strength in the quarter, and they're related to the design wins that we had late last year, early this year. And so we do have EMEA as one of the areas for caution as we move forward, just given the entire macro perspective there. Having said that, we are doing well with service providers in EMEA, and we do have other design wins that will start rolling out later in the year. But in terms of enterprise, we are cautious on enterprise in EMEA pretty much across the board.
Robyn Denholm: So in terms of the strategy around the SLT products, the idea is to transition them over time from the net screen product, screen OS-based products to the Junos-based products. And so that transition has started. We have a very loyal customer base on the older products, and that's why that hasn't declined as much as you might think. And branch in terms of SRX, this quarter is a proof point of that. We actually did see a good sequential and year-over-year increase in branch as we start to make sure that the features and functionality are there for customers to adopt those going forward as their new platform.
Kevin Johnson: I guess I'll make a couple of comments. First of all, as the Tier 1 service providers have commented in their earnings calls, a lot of their focus in their capital investments went into things like radio access networks, cell towers and mobile backhaul. And as they make those investments, that then drives the traffic growth into the Edge and into the core. So part of this as a little bit of timing on where it puts pressure on Edge and core, which creates demand for us. That's number one. Number 2, we had, in the SLT business, a significant deployment of SRX, high-end SRX, with a large Tier 1 U.S. service provider a year ago, which created a very high comparable for the SLT business looking year-on-year. And so that certainly had impact in our SLT growth. And then number 3, the guidance that Tier 1 U.S. service providers have given for second half capital expenditures starts to change the historical pattern of what we've seen over the last several years. I think if you look at their first half actuals plus second half guidance, I think it shows about a 1% year-on-year growth in total CapEx. And it shows the distribution is about 50% in the first half and 50% invested in the second half. And as a difference in the historical pattern of typically 43% to 45% in the first half, and then back in second half of 55% to 57%. So that's prompted us to be more cautious about the second half. Yet as we commented, we had a good Q2 growth of our Service Provider business at 18%.
Kevin Johnson: Just to add to that, I think year-on-year, the MX growth is something like 83% -- 87%, Robyn says. So we've seen MX growth year-on-year 87%. The other comment I would add, Ehud, is that in our partnership with Ericsson, with Ericsson's GGSN that runs on our M Series, we saw a very strong quarter of our M Series in the partnership with Ericsson. And we view that as a positive thing, and that's why I think we've seen good growth on the Edge market overall.
Kevin Johnson: Let me take the first one, and then I'll hand off to Robyn, Mark. First of all in terms of changes in sort of the selling dynamic, we're not seeing longer sales cycles. We've got -- in many of these large projects, they are a long sale cycle anyway, and I don't see that being extended. I do see that as part of these design wins, certainly, several of these design wins include products that are on the roadmap to ship. For example, in the area of the PTX, the design wins around PTX typically have the combination of the PTX plus T Series, plus the MX, and so it's an architectural solution. And so part of that is getting to the point where we're -- you're shipping the T4000, shipping the PTX. But I view that as positive because we are solving customer problems in very unique ways. So I don't see the sales cycle being elongated. I see that some of these design wins have the products that are in the roadmap to ship here over next couple of quarters. And so that might have some implications on how our timing of when these big deployments hit. The one thing that we did observe in Q2, certainly at the very end of the quarter, we had line of sight to a set of opportunities that we felt some percentage of those would close in Q2. And a portion, certainly, there was a number of those opportunities that did not close in Q2, but they did close very early, a percentage closed -- a high percentage closed very early in Q3, which is a signal to me that customers are being very aware of the macro situation and deciding which side of the quarterly boundary they want to land their capital expenditures on. And certainly, it's nowhere near extreme as it was in 2009, but I saw similar types of behavior in 2009 and I saw a little bit of that in Q2. Robyn, I'll let you comment on the second question.
Kevin Johnson: First of all, the partnerships we have with our alliance partners continue to grow and continue to do well. And that includes Nokia Siemens Networks, Ericsson, IBM and Dell. And certainly you said the OEM relationships, we have OEM relationships with certainly Ericsson; that's doing very well. Their GGSN on our M Series, we commented on the growth there. The relationship with IBM has an OEM component. And the piece that's been growing has been IBM reselling Juniper-branded equipment. So our growth is really on the resell components of Juniper-branded equipment, and the same with Dell. The growth has been in the Dell partnership, it's been reselling Juniper-branded equipment versus the OEM version. So the partnerships are good. The OEM-branded version is not where the growth is coming. It's coming from those partners reselling, IBM and Dell specifically reselling Juniper-branded equipment. The second part of your question is related to Dell's announcement to acquire Force10. I spoke with Michael Dell before that came out. He gave me a call, and we had a discussion around both of our -- and have an intent to expand or to continue this partnership. And look, I acknowledge it will make it more complicated because there's more overlap in the product line. But the fact is that we also have products that go into the solution that are complementary to what Dell would be doing with Force10 and their other products. And it's our intent to continue to focus on how to create a good partnership with Dell built on the foundation that we have established thus far.
Kevin Johnson: First of all, EX and QFabric can coexist. So customers who have implemented an EX environment configuration can now install QFabric and have the 2 coexist, as they decide what portion of their data center they want to run in Fabric mode versus what portion they want to run in our 2-tier architecture based on the EX. So I think from that standpoint the way we've architected the product in the roadmap for customers, there's a very smooth way for customers to decide how fast or how slow they want to go in the migration from an EX environment to a QFabric or from a competitive switching environment to QFabric for that matter. We've made it very easy for customers to do that migration, and I feel very good about the approach that our engineering and services teams have taken. The second part of your question might be how we feel about the progress that we're making with QFabric. And I think given the fact that in Q2 we successfully completed the 3 proof-of-concept tests with customers and we're now in the beta process, which we just started about 2 weeks ago and we're now running the end-to-end system with our 5 beta customers and we're on path to look to ship that product around the end of this quarter. So we feel good about the progress we're making. We feel good about the pipeline. We feel good about the fact that we've now got even our first significant design around QFabric. That's been result of the proof of concept and these betas. So I think we're setting the foundation to have a very highly differentiated solution for data centers for both private, public clouds. As we go into 2012, that solution can interoperate with our EX and with our competitive -- our competitors' switching environments. So we've got -- I think we've got a good opportunity as we look forward.
Kevin Johnson: Certainly, the way the PTX is architected is to interoperate with industry standards. And so there's nothing that would prevent it from going into an environment where there is a competitive install of a core router. The early design wins that we've seen, however, are typically solutions that involve the PTX plus the T4000 plus the MX targeted some very unique scenarios. So there's nothing that would prevent us technically or from a go-to-market standpoint to selling PTX to customers that have non-Juniper technology in the core. Yet what we're finding is that there is great value that we have in synergy across the product line in these early design wins.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, I think first at the high-end SRX, the most significant factor in that was the very significant comparable we had from a year ago of a very large Tier 1 service provider in the U.S. doing a massive deployment of SRX. And so that large deployment created a very high comparable, which was the biggest impact on the overall SLT business. Second to that, I would comment that the branch SRX has done very well, and that leads then in enterprise data centers. In enterprise data centers, I think that we're seeing more competition. And I think, frankly, there's opportunity for us as we release QFabric to show the whole end-to-end solution that we have in these data centers that combines with what we've done with SRX then with the virtual gateway that runs in VMware and Junos Pulse on the client. So I think more competition related to data center. I think we've got a good path forward with what we're doing with QFabric and our data center architecture. We feel very good about the high-end value proposition for service providers. And even as they move to LTE, there's new technology that we're building into the SRX to enable that architecture for LTE as they switch from 3G to LTE. So we feel good about where we are in high-end SRX. The service providers feel good about where we are with branch SRX and branch and campus. Acknowledge we're seeing more competition in enterprise. But I think with what we're coming to market with QFabric and how we stitched together the end-to-end story of what we're doing to secure the client, secure the network and secure within the VMware servers, why we think we've got a very good competitive story.
Kevin Johnson: I'll take your first question on the QFabric betas, and then I'll hand off to Robyn to comment on EMEA. On the QFabric, the 5 betas that we have, I would characterize it as a mix of large service providers and large enterprise customers. These are going to be the types of data centers and the types of demand that QFabric is very well suited for. It's not -- I frame it that way, is high-end enterprise customers that have demand for that and as well as service providers that are moving into the business of managed services and providing cloud-based computing services. And it's a very good mix. On the EMEA question, I'll hand off to Robyn.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, let me take the question, Paul. In terms of the service provider, I'm not sure -- there are certainly macro things going on. For service providers, they're growing subscribers and they've got more smartphones, more tablets, more devices connected to the network. Independent of macro, there is more network traffic demand, and the focus that service providers have had, especially in the U.S., has been implementing more of the RAN or the radio access network components, the cell towers and the mobile backhaul. As that gets implemented then, there will be a phase that, that puts, brings that demand traffic into the Edge and core, which will then drive an upgrade cycle on Edge and core. So I think part of it is timing of where the build-outs are taking place. That said, your question about the fundamentals for growth in network traffic are unchanged. And that is what's driving continued demand for innovation in the area of network. And that's where innovation like PTX and T4000 and what we're doing with MobileNext and MX 3D comes into play. On the second part of your question around MobileNext, I commented on the fact that we've secured our first design win and that we have a number of customer trials in place. So the only comment that I made was on that first design win, and we just released that software here in the last 2, 3 weeks.
