Kathleen Nemeth: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Here on the call are Shaygan Kheradpir, Chief Executive Officer; Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial and Operations Officer; and Rami Rahim, Executive Vice President, Juniper Development and Innovation. Please remember when listening to today’s call that statements concerning Juniper’s business outlook, economic and market outlook, strategy, future financial operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including economic conditions generally, or within the networking industry, changes in overall technology spending, and spending by communication service providers and major customers, the network capacity requirements of service providers, the timing of orders and shipments, manufacturing and supply chain constraints, variation in the mix of products sold, customer perception and acceptance of our products, rapid technological and market change, litigation, the potential impact of activities related to the execution of Juniper’s integrated operating plan, and other factors listed in our most recent 10-K and the press release furnished with our 8-K filed with the SEC today. All statements made during this call are made only as of today. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update the information in this conference call in the event facts or circumstances change after the date of the call. The purposes of today’s discussion we will also review non-GAAP results. For important commentary on why our management team considers non-GAAP information a useful view of the Company’s financial results, please consult the press release furnished with our 8-K filed with the SEC today. For the detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results, please see the Investor Relations section of our website. We’ve extended today’s call to an hour and a half in order to accommodate more questions. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Shaygan.
Kathleen Nemeth: And Simona, do you have a follow-up question as well. Manny, can you open the line again for Simona, I believe Simona had a follow-up.
Kathleen Nemeth: Okay, great. And we do have time for couple of more questions. We’re coming up on the hour so operator next question please. 
Kathleen Nemeth: Okay, great. So that is all the time that we have this afternoon. We appreciate your participation and all of your great questions, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you so much everyone.
Rami Rahim: Thanks, Shaygan. I would like to first share details of our new Juniper development and innovation organization or JDI, and then provide insight into the key drivers behind our first quarter results. As Shaygan discussed, a key component of the IOP is to streamline our organization and our product portfolio combining our best-of-breed products for the world-class cross-functional innovation, and solutions to solve the most challenging and most meaningful used cases for our customers. In the first quarter, we made a serious of related organizational changes to ensure our R&D and go-to-market functions are focused on cross-functional execution attainment of JDI strategy and business plan. This included merging Juniper’s three product marketing teams into a single integrated marketing function and creating an integrated business operations team consolidating what was once two separate teams into a single team focused on driving JDI execution. These changes are consistent with our One-Juniper approach to reduce unnecessary complexity, increased clarity ownership, and improved efficiency. In addition, this new structure focuses our R&D resources on areas of innovation that matter most to our customers and partners high IQ networks and cloud. In short, these changes will give up the opportunity to truly focused on resources and double down on value creating technologies. For example, we have identified several pre-revenue generating project and are currently transitioning those resources and investing in technologies that matter most to our customers. Juniper remains firmly committed to our existing security, switching, and routing businesses. As Shaygan mentioned, each plays a vital role in our high IQ network and cloud builder strategy, and they areas where we excel as a company. Now, let me shift gears and share with you some insight into the performance drivers behind the first quarter results. Routing product revenue was up 7% year-over-year driven by strong performance in MX. Our increasing focus on customers building smarter networks, capable of generating faster return on their capital investment is paying off. Our MX Universal Edge continues to win in the market and this quarter we enabled many new customers with these capabilities. These customers include large carriers in North America, EMEA, APAC, and Latin America. This quarter, we will begin taking orders for the world’s fastest rich IP line cards with the MX2020 clocking in at over a half of terabit per second. Core was down this quarter mostly as a result of the lumpiness of build-up by large operators, but I’m pleased with current pipeline for core routing. Also, industry trends continue with service provider investment in Edge and Metro are outpacing that in core. Clearly, the MX is benefiting from that. We secured a number of new PTX logo wins in the past few weeks alone and that give us confidence in the future. In Q1, we shipped the industry’s highest density packet optical solutions with new Gig-E DWDM line cards for the PTX. We had a very strong quarter in switching with product revenue up 46% year-over-year, following a 36% year-over-year growth in Q4 2013. : During the first quarter, we had wins at top tier web services companies, large content providers, global banks, including a recent win with a major global financial services company and with high growth public cloud service providers. We’re encouraged by early interest and the sales ramp of the recently introduced QFX5100 top-of-rack switch in both enterprise and service provider applications. We are making good progress in our security business. While total product security revenue was down 2% year-over-year, we are seeing continued strength in our high-end SRX business with double-digit year-over-year growth as data center consolidation and clouds drive the need for performance and scale. We remain fully committed to our security business, focusing on what matters the most of our customers and where they are spending. It’s important to note that security is a critical element of, and fully aligned with our strategy and high IQ networks and cloud. We’re seeing good traction with our 100 Gig-E SRX I/O Card launched in the fourth quarter of last year. Juniper remains the only Firewall on the market with 100 Gig-E connectivity leading to wins in large cloud environment. For example, in the quarter, we had a win at a major Web 2.0 company, whereas 100 Gig-E was a critical differentiator. Q1 also saw the successful introduction of new innovation to embed security in the cloud with a Firefly product suite. We closed a key win in a top financial services firm on the strength of features like high availability and better operational efficiency through automation support. : At this point, I will turn it over to Robyn. Thank you.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I think you covered most of it, I’d just say that the team has been working really hard over the last year and so when we consolidated our switching organization we streamline, simplified our portfolio and we implemented as number of capabilities from fabric technologies, IQ and a number of different things that Shaygan mentioned has made our portfolio including switching, routing and security really appealing to both enterprise and service provider.
Rami Rahim: I’ll just add that, we on an ongoing basis are always in the process of evaluating the ROI expectations the market conditions of all of our project and making decisions based on this analysis. And the IOP was really no exception to that we did take a look across the board of all of our projects and we did identify a number of pre-revenue generating projects that we will transition resources off of and to put them on projects that are more highly aligned if you will with our strategy things like STN and NFB like many of our forward thinking customers are thinking about today and on legal Robyn.
Rami Rahim: Yes, I would be happy to, thanks, Jess. So as you know, our Switching business has an enterprise component where we are selling to enterprise, IT, private cloud and data center, machine critical campus combination, as well as service provider applications, including things like cloud data center intra-POP infrastructure connectivity, certain parts of access infrastructure. And I have said in the past that especially the service provider components of that business can be lumpy. In Q1 we actually saw strength in both enterprise and service provider. So can you expect this level of performance going forward, I would say that’s probably unrealistic. Our goal is to continue to take market share and I’m very confident in our ability to do so.
Rami Rahim: The only thing I’ll add Shaygan is that if I look at service provider again with that definition of web services and telco and cable then the market in fact should be a healthy market for us in this year. So it really comes down to the competitiveness of our products and our ability to actually go and satisfy the pressures that they are seeing and that’s where I’d just reiterate that I’m actually quite confident in product and the technology that we have in the market and what’s coming up in the roadmap.
Rami Rahim: No, I think that summarizes it. I will just – I just want to reiterate what I 100% committed towards switching or routing and our security businesses. I think we got a great team, great technology, fantastic roadmap, and now one that is very highly aligned with our forward looking strategy with Cloud Builder and High IQ.
Rami Rahim: I will just add, we saw a great growth in the high end, that direct double digit growth and I don’t think that’s an accident that the result of a lot of really hard work had gone into improving the session scale, the performance, the efficacy of that solution something that we are proud of and I think we demonstrated what we can do, when we focused on the rest of the portfolio and that’s exactly what we’re in the process of doing right now. And it’s going on the last thing as I says that there will be a high leverage approach to doing so. The work that we’ve done in the high end absolutely applicable for the rest of our portfolio.
Rami Rahim: Yes, sure. First, I’ll just reiterate what Shaygan said about R&D from the guidance running R&D, it’s pretty much most of the cuts we’ve made for structural nature were a result of the decomplexifying if you will the organization streamlining things so I am not concerned our ability to compete. And in fact you mentioned silicon, I am very excited about the silicon roadmap that we had in the works right now in Juniper. On the FDN framework in fact part of the reason why you’re seeing the growth that we have right now in switching is preciously because of the fact that we are building a set of switching building blocks. These are building blocks that have a number of different applications, the data center and cloud automation being a very important used case. So, we are building directly into our switches the kinds of automation, visibility, controllability and very importantly open this there are customers absolutely like. And that give us the ability to work with great partners like VMware, where we are going in addressing private cloud like virtualization environment for many of our customers, but also with contrail, where for example in public cloud scenarios or in network function virtualization. There is a really nice seamless if you will tie in between the controller and our switches. This is very much a 10-gig story today, but the products were offering are all 10-gig, 40-gig and there is in fact going to be this migration overtime to 40-gig. So work that well setup to take advantage of that 10-gig to 40-gig migration that’s happening in the market.
Rami Rahim: Yeah, sure. I’ll start. The question of did we actually take action already, the answer is yes, we have gone through the analysis we’ve evaluated the projects that we are already undertaken and we have in fact reallocate resources of the project that all pre-revenue and that has already given us an ability to start to focus on some of the really important strategic initiatives around cloud, High Q network function virtualization FDN that’s just very meaningful to our customers and I just kind of leave it that.
Rami Rahim: No, that’s it. We focused on the parts of the market where the discussion with the customers certainly in both pricing, but it’s not purely about pricing it’s about a multitude of things and capabilities in addition to pricing and that’s what we do I think quite well.
Rami Rahim: I don’t have an exact figure in my head of what the ratio is, it’s both. I mean we love selling to our customers chassis that are partly populated with lying card, whether they have been in switching, and routing or security because we are reserving self base that we can go and populate over a period of time, and there is a lot of that going on. But as we also mentioned in the prepared remarks and earlier in the Q&A, we’re winning global bank, we’re winning web services companies that are all leveraging our switching, routing and security products and that just adds on to our business some it’s the combination.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Sure, Ben. So the first question I’ll ask also Robyn determine. Most of the upward pressure we saw on the first quarter was due to legal on G&A. I will ask her to parse that I suffice it to say before I pass the Robyn. And then I’ll come back on the switching. Is that we are committed and we see our way clearly to the $160 million cost cuts as laid out in that charts that we have published between now and first quarter 2015, quarter-by-quarter. So for example we would be at $520 million in second quarter and $510 million in the third quarter and less than $500 million the first quarter 2015. We are quite clearly to that we’ve got most of the actions front loaded and executing. So, you shouldn’t worry about the 160. And in terms of the legal. I’ll pass it to Robyn and then I’ll come back on switching.
Shaygan Kheradpir: And if I can, thanks Robyn. I’ll take the switching. Obviously, we had, we are very pleased with the switching quarter. I can tell you and I have been engaged since I have been here with a lot of conversions with the customers of what they are doing, why they are doing and specially in regard to switching. It’s actually quite fascinating. It’s a lot around Cloud-Builder and is putting in place our switching with our routing and security as an ensemble and our controller and Contrail into sort of many accounts. Now, every single one of them that I have been engaged, if you’re actually sophisticated implementations and each company is doing something quite interesting. And so that is also lend itself very well to Juniper’s DNA on sitting with the customers and cranking. So, they love features in Cloud-Building like in service software upgrade that’s a fantastic feature do you love. They love things like micro-bursting, which gives them lot of telemetry and very fine-grained levels. They love the fact that they can write get the on some switches. And on and on and on. And they like the fact that they are open, high for scale with sort of no extra package and they can do a lot of things that each of them once they are slightly differently. And the fact they work very well with MX and SRX. :
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes, I would just say one other thing, its Rami hit as a nail on the head where the leverage engineering between routing and switching actually quite phenomenal and why customers buy in a switching it’s not your grandfathers switch and security is your grandfathers, this is a new world and all the leverage engineering we are getting from Junos really giving us a leg up and of course open net derivatives since you talk about.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Right. So, I’ll pass it on to Rami so, and he can go more but, I would just say that with high IQ looked at our product lines are very carefully through operated charge, in terms of return on investment, in terms of the match to cloud builder on high IQ our strategy, so fact that to say we are focusing on growth and we are focusing on accretive work that matters to our customers. And based on that we have – you saw decision on ADC and as far as normal course of business we do continuous mark-to-market to evaluate our products and projects. And we are transitioning our portfolio to technologies that match our strategy and on our workforce and where can get leverage engineering Rami do you want to say a few more words on that.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Okay, on the first one I’ll ask Rami to comment the hedge dynamic versus the core dynamics, which is obviously different. And can you just focus on the core please.
Shaygan Kheradpir: It’s not accretive and it’s not aligned to the strategy and its not leverage engineering, it doesn’t really survive.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yes. Of course in G&A Simona there is operation. Robyn side exactly right on the sales front, we really are focusing both on service provider and enterprise those segments that we mentioned. We are gathering our forces around those segments, so they can go deeper and more focused and frankly all those customers sets they want the same things that, for example in AT&T and Verizons which is depth and with a lot of technical hands on skills. And so that’s really the sales motion and getting that focus will also gives us synergies which is in another way of what Rami is doing win, he is doing go to market, Rami is doing good to get the leverage on engineering and making sure we’re focused on cloud building and high IQ network. So you should think of it more as a focus on debt and leverage rather than, sort of cuts that weaken you.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Sure, first thanks for congratulating us on the AT&T. We are all very excited about that. And by the way, on the AT&T question you should reach after them about that this scope of it. Suffice it to say it’s a material and it’s really that Domain 2.0 kind of work that they’ve been talking about. As far as routing is concerned, the pipeline, the design wins and the backlog, they are all pleased with those numbers for routing. And as both Rami and Robyn was said there is a different dynamics between edge and the core and the lumpiness of the core and they are out in the first quarter and all the activity around hedge that is happening under first quarter. But the pipeline we are pleased both from pipeline and design wins and the backlog on routing anything else Rami you want to add that.
Shaygan Kheradpir: I would just agree with that. I would say I’d expect continue to strength in our edge portfolio and keep in mind that we are continually enhancing these product offering itself that we are starting to take orders now for new line cards that’s going to give us a real good performance increase in addition to new software capabilities. On enterprise routing was actually good for us in Q1 and I see a good pipeline there. And then finally I provided some commentary on the core, the pipeline for the core coupled with some wins that we’ve had recently in our PTX, in fact it’s our brand new logo for us. Are going to start to pay off now is that going to happen this quarter or the next quarter is difficult to say usually there is a certification cycle that takes a good couple of quarters, maybe even three quarters to play out. But based on all of that, all of the above I said have pretty good confidence in Q2.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Yeah, I mean, I should really situate – I don’t have average ability like that all I can say is the engagement with them has been fantastic and very forward looking across the board all the things. There was a question I think also about Contrail and I don’t want to talk about anyone specific customer, but I will say that network function virtualization is a very hot topic today as many of you already know. We’re engaging with the number of our customers on that topic and showing them proof-of-concepts of technology that we have that essentially couple. Our high performance services on the edge, on the MX, for example, along with the layer 4 to layer 7 service is that virtualize on general-purpose processors. Now that solution has to be nicely coupled together and provided in a way provide seamless service experience across both physical and virtual and Contrail plays a fundamental role in that. So Contrail now in fact over just a past short period of time has gone into life deployments and we have gone to probably around 2 to 3 dozen engagements and live trials with some customers around the world.
Shaygan Kheradpir: And Rod, on your second question. Yes, I have embedded deep personally with our teams in many of these accounts that’s have been here across all those segments that we mentioned. And I have tell you, once your are underground and you see the action and you see all the interesting workloads and very new and non-linear workloads that our customers are trying to handle and the problems were trying to solve on the innovation side, on the quality side revenue generation, automation and like it is absolutely paramount that we have our in the best and brightest teams on go-to-market on operations on technical and engineering shoulder-to-shoulder with them. And so this now have you heard this saying, people have heard me to say this before have been through. These cycles, when we are going through non linearity or inflection points in tech. We are absolutely going through one of this five years from now history if is a judge we normalize and then we can go normal formations and every can do there little bits and brigade can begin of delivery. This is not one of those times if you sit in with the cloud providers, Web 2.0, carriers and so forth and so on cable, financial services and the like. They are trying to solve stuff that frankly they had never seen before in terms of sophistication, complexity, scale, why is that the case is because everything is more as a service delivered to the end market continuously and that requires a different level of scale and sophistication and every company has a different starting point, every company has a different enduser market that they are trying to satisfy. Every company is trying to get an edge in this new world that they all see. And so being in force and in-depth in these companies to ensure you don’t miss those nuances and we can execute on them and normalize those features in your product line is absolutely crucial. Now the great news about Juniper is this is what Juniper is. They are a builder company by DNA, so it’s a fantastic opportunity for all of us in Juniper to engage and grow up our sleeves. And I have to tell you I’m having a fantastic time being at the shop floor of all these accounts and it’s phenomenal what’s going on, on the ground. I’ve been in this business almost 30 years in networking and this reminds me of the days when I first came out of college and I saw this, it’s very cool, it’s very exciting, it’s very sophisticated, and the world out there really desperate to meet all these innovations that we are an increasingly in place to deliver and to do that you have to have different skill and know-how and be able to take customers from one side of the river to the other side and build a bridge for them. So, yes, long answer to your question. We are super excited to Juniper about this opportunity.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Okay, yes sure Kulbinder, I’d say again you have to take a look at the market opportunity and the service provider spend in light of cable and in light of web services. And also telcos of course and each of these have a very different set of drivers and the cable space for example there is a huge amount of demand on the network because of the video traffic. In the web services space its things like cloud data center interconnect and peering technology. And telcos the things like consolidation of different network functions into fewer networks that are capable of providing a multitude of different services. Network function virtualization and so forth. These are trends that have been in the market for some time and they will continue. Now there might be ebbs and flows if you will of spending in different parts of the market like in the core or on the edge and different architectural approaches that our customers take, might in fact put more pressure on certain parts of the market or network then in others. And again I will just go back to my statement that is just really important for us to make sure that we’ve got the solutions and the product that can satisfy those architectural trends irrespective of the way that they in fact play out or timing of how they play out. If you look at all that, and you look again at the broader definition of the service provider that I talked about I think that the opportunity for us to have a good revenue, its healthy growth in the TAM and a great product portfolio help that took advantage of it.
Shaygan Kheradpir: Okay so we’ll go one at a time quickly. We start with the IOP question, we have a very rigorous disciplined execution path 4160 we are committed to 160 – and so that’s we leave it at that, so that I think it’s the moving parts, we are going to hit 160 in the glide path as Robyn went through and we put on our slide back.
Shaygan Kheradpir: And then I think that last one and maybe I’ll ask Robyn and Rami as well is I mean I coupled a last sort of two questionnaires, this company the diversity revenue now across those segment it’s just not that one segment, it is multiple segments and then when you overlay the dynamics of these segment with all the different types of workloads that they are trying to handle as they build their clouds in High IQ networks. It’s a – one size doesn’t fit all, right and we see that sort of in switching, security and routing like your questions on switching, mostly new customers, but its frankly when you look at the, that the type of workloads it is not sort of commodity closet switches. It’s actually quite interesting sort of the used cases that we handle. Rami, do you want to sort of take the switching question and I think that was also part of your question.
Robyn Denholm: Thanks, Shaygan. In terms of the legal expenses that Shaygan mentioned they were above what we were expecting for the quarter. If you look at the G&A increase quarter-over-quarter a substantial is $7 million to $8 million. And the majority of that in fact more than that increase is due to legal in the quarter. Some of which was expected and some of which wasn’t as I mean in prepared remarks. If you look year-over-year in terms of OpEx, we have been making progress and that is in pre-out recently announced actions that we have been taking. So, if you look at our OpEx is a total as a percentage of revenue is about 46.3% of revenue in the first quarter of 2014 versus 48.9% for last year. So, we have been making some progress even though the legal expenses did increase more than we were anticipating in the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: And Ehud I think that was like 18 questions rising there but …Ehud A. Gelblum – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: It was three main topics broken down to a category part…
Robyn Denholm: Yes. Let me just add on the project side, the projects we evaluate with not just R&D Rami went through some of the R&D projects. We’ve also evaluated other projects that we’ve been doing on the infrastructure side within the company as well and some of those will, I’ve seen targeted for completion or preparation if you like as well. So it’s an across-the-board review of our project, across all three of the areas. So specific to legal, I’m not going to give you the dollar amount, but I will point you to the G&A line that you can see in the press release and on the various filings that we’ve done. And what you can see that G&A is up significantly year-over-year, it’s 39% year-over-year increase, and the legal expense increase is more or less the entire increase. So you can say that it is – has been a large amount. Having said that as Shaygan mentioned, we are committed to achieving the $160 million of cost reductions on an annualized basis exiting Q1 of next year.Ehud A. Gelblum – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thank you. And we are co-listing all our resources around driving profitable growth and connecting report and growth. Thank you.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, so in terms of the services gross margin Jess, the gross margin in the quarter was 59.7%, it has been quite some quarter since we’ve been below 60%. And the reason for that as I mentioned in my prepared remarks was that the support costs were higher in the quarter and we also had increased bearing. We normally get increasing bearing when we have our new customers or new contracts or new product introduction. And so the timing of those do vary from time to time in terms of when we get those spares on board. So we do expect the services gross margin to improve from this low level of 59.7% in the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, Jeff in terms of the channel inventory, it is typically the case in our Q1 that there is a seasonal reduction in the inventory. But I would also so we had a strong channel quarter as well. So a strong finish all the way through to the end of the quarter through the channel. And as Shaygan mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are doing a lot of business with our channel partners in terms of particularly on the enterprise, but also on the service provider area as well. And so we have a strong focus on partnering and on the channel so. And the inventory volumes will lower as we exhibit the quarter. Jeff Kvaal – Northland Capital Markets: Thanks.
Robyn Denholm: No I think you’ve covered a lot. Also earlier in the Q&A Rami went through that in R&D we had cut some projects like the agency that were non-revenue generating and therefore and not aligned. So there was a thorough review done in terms of both projects that would not revenue generating and also not aligned with the cloud builder in High IQ strategy, and so the teams has done a very good job on executing and spacing those types of projects as well.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, and I just want to remind you as well that, the integrated operating plan is about also focusing on the top line revenue growth. It’s not just about cost reductions. We’re talking a lot about cost reductions today, because it’s the first time we’ve unveiled our glide path and the detail of the cost reductions. But what – we’re about is actually growing and expanding our operating margins and our earnings over time. And we know that to do that we have to invest in the right innovations and the right market that really our customers need and want. And that will actually ultimately drive our revenue growth as well, which we’ve been doing very well over the last six quarters or so in terms of revenue growth.
Robyn Denholm: I’ll just add for Rami, don’t forget that last year in Q2. We had a sizable amount of our enterprise routing with the government customers. So just there in mind with that when you look at our result. Having said that, we are very pleased with the strength of routing particularly in the service provider space in terms of pipeline and design wins that we have as Shaygan mentioned. So, we are actually expecting Q2 on the service provider side to improve in terms of routing in the second quarter. 
Robyn Denholm: So, Rod. I’ll start on the order booking commentary. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the order booking overall for the company was higher then our revenue growth and that’s very good thing for Q1 actually. And as you know typically when we are going into the next quarter a lot of the backlog is our routing products. And so, as Shaygan mentioned earlier that is one of the reasons why we are confident in our routing in a pipeline, because we have visibility to that we also have visibility to the design wins and we have a very good portfolio in terms of routing across the board as Rami mentioned. So, I think that answers your question with that our overall bookings rate was higher than our revenue growth in the quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Thanks, Rami. So on the interest side yes, clearly the interest rate, borrowings that we made in the quarter will add to our interest expense in the quarter, next quarter. So, we expect that we had reasonably low interest quarter for this quarter is just under $10 million. We expected to be in the $14 million to $16 million range for the next quarter.
Robyn Denholm: Yes, Paul as I mentioned in my prepared remarks it is a competitive environment overall. And what you could see now in gross margin – our product gross margin, we are actually doing quite well on that. Year-over-year we saw a slight degradation due to mix, but quarter-over-quarter actually was only one can stand, and as you can see we are moving into different categories and that type of thing and our gross margins are doing very well. And so that’s because we are focused on innovation and differentiation with the product set. It’s also because we are focused on reducing our costs over time as well, and as a company we’ve had a huge focus on that over the past four to six quarters. Rami, do you want to add anything in terms of competitiveness.
Robyn Denholm: So on the security side I can answer that for you Paul in terms of our Junos Space firewall security product, you were right it was less than 20% a year ago and now it’s less than 15% that’s related to the non-Junos Space products. In terms of the SRX products they grew 13% year-over-year and in terms of the contribution to that growth the majority in this quarter was service provider, but we also had year-over-year growth in terms of enterprise as well. And as Rami mentioned before some of the focus that we’ve had on the high end SRX over this last four quarters to actually improve the performance of that is equally applicable in terms of the branch SRX and those types of products and that’s what the team has focused on as we move forward here.
