Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Our second quarter of fiscal 2015 was marked by solid sales in North America, where we saw both a rebound in sales from large deals compared to our first fiscal quarter and record sales levels in our service provider vertical. These areas of strength were somewhat offset by some late quarter softness in sales in our EMEA and APAC theatres and Latin America region, likely impacted by the strengthening US dollar.  Revenue and earnings both grew sequentially and year-over-year, with several factors contributing to strong profitability and cash flow from operations. Revenue of $472.1 million, grew 2% from the prior quarter and 12% year-over-year and was above the mid-point of our $465 million to $475 million guided range. GAAP EPS of $1.18 per share was above our guidance of $1.07 to $1.10 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.59 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.48 to $1.51 per share. The strength in EPS was driven by stronger-than-anticipated operating margin during the quarter, benefits to operating expenses and other income related to foreign currency and a more favorable tax rate than expected. Product revenue of $244.1 million, up 1% sequentially and 8% year-over-year, represented 52% of total revenue. Service revenue of $228 million, increased 3% sequentially, 17% year-over-year and accounted for 48% of total revenue. Revenue from the Americas accounted for 57% of total during the quarter, EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 14% and Japan 5%. On a year-over-year basis, Americas and EMEA grew revenue 14%, APAC 11% and Japan revenue was down 3%. Enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 24% and government sales were 12%, including 5% of total sales from US federal. In Q2, we had four greater than 10% distributors; Westcon which accounted for 16.6%, Ingram Micro at 15.5%, Avnet representing 13.5% and Aero which accounted for 10.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 82.5%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses were $256.7 million at the low-end of guided range of $255 million to $264 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $223.1 million. GAAP operating margin was 28.1%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 37%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.6%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $142.3 million, driven by higher than expected profitability and stronger than expected collections in the current quarter. In Q2, we repurchased just under 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $113.29 for a total of $156.9 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.13 billion in cash and investments. Approximately $774 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q2 was 50 days. Inventories were $29.3 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $10.2 million. Deferred revenue increased 23% year-over-year to $720.6 million. We ended the quarter with 4,035 employees, an increase of 90 from the prior quarter. Now for the Q3 outlook. In keeping with recent historical patterns, ongoing strength of our major drivers, and a robust pipeline, we anticipate continued sales momentum with sequential and year-over-year growth in the second half of fiscal 2015. That said, we believe the possible continued impact of foreign currency should be considered as we move into Q3. With that in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2015 is $475 million to $485 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% to 82.5% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be in the 83.5% to 84% range. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $257 million to $266 million. This includes approximately $34.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 37% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.16 to $1.19 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.57 to $1.60 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by 100 to 125 employees in the current quarter and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $170 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, so first on the linearity, Jason, so it was more back-end loaded than we normally see in a Q3, but it wasn’t like a record, right. Really more telling was my comments on how near the end of the quarter, particularly in EMEA, APAC and Latin America, we saw sales kind of drop off and that’s what has led us to deeper look around the foreign currency elements of this, which we think are tied there. We’ve been talking with the sales teams, looking at specific deals where we think that was an impact and that’s really how the quarter laid out linearity-wise and has led us to this look at the foreign currency and a little bit of a cautious approach around that.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, when we’re looking today at that mix between product and service, I really think it's more, the service tends to trail product, right, so we're seeing a lot of good service growth off of last year's tremendous product growth, and if we don't get product reaccelerating again, we'll probably see service start to slow down over a longer period of time. So that's the dynamic there, but nothing --
Andy Reinland: And just for clarity, in case I missed something there, our subscription revenue that comes from the Silverline service goes into our product revenue, so it will be a part of that. And the interesting metric that as it gets more meaningful that we’ll start to look at more closely is, deferred revenue and the growth there obviously, because that’s a setup for future revenue. So, we’ll talk about more -- that more in future quarters as it becomes more meaningful.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, so, actually, almost all of our sales are in US dollar, right, and that goes to the distributor and then converts to local currency at that point, right, which is why John was taking about you know, we work with the channel on these currency issues and historically tended to have addressed them on a deal-by-deal basis. So far with what we’re hearing, we think that’s how it’s going to continue but we’ll see.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, we haven’t -- we’ve not responded with lowering pricing and never really have and probably won’t. I think we’ll be addressing it through our discounting process on a deal-by-deal basis working with our channel partners as the deals merit and they come to us and we decide to figure out how to work it together so we win.
Andy Reinland: Sorry. To your initial question about US companies being impacted in some way if they do multinational business, where we would hear that is through the channel at our sales force that services those accounts and even anecdotally, we’re not getting any indication of that that would give us concern there with the US companies doing business overseas.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. And then on the flip side, you look at EPS and saw the benefit in our EPS from foreign currency.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. I mean what we’ve seen historically, if you look at how we price the virtual editions, it’s roughly $12,000, which is 80% of our entry-level box, which is about $15,000, which has 20% margin. So, the entry-level, it's kind of a wash, but what we’ve seen to-date is that those deals tend to be larger because they choose to go with a much more horizontal type approach, which pushes them towards many more instances and that’s what we’ve seen. So, not saying that it won’t change as things evolve, but at least today that's where we’re at.
Manuel Rivelo: Thank you, John. Before I say a few words on our vision and strategy, I would like to say that this is a very exciting time to be part of F5 and when I look across the company, I see a collaborative and productive team all aligned to the common goal of providing fast, secure and available applications to anyone at any time on any device. That alignment and strategy and purpose is a testament to the company you built and the culture of innovation and respect you champion [ph]. Our leadership team, the Board and I, thank you for your dedication and commitment to excellence. We have something truly special here and I am honored to be given the opportunity to lead it into its next era. Regarding our vision, over the past years, F5 has evolved beyond the traditional data center routes to include a robust hybrid products and services portfolio including scale-out virtual editions, born-in-the-cloud products and as-a-service solutions, all complementing our market-leading ADC technology. In addition, our innovative approach towards protecting applications has made F5 a logical addition to many companies’ security posture. And lastly, our broadened ecosystem of technology partners will help us deliver our synthesis architecture to meet the ever-increasing SDN, NFV cloud and security applications opportunities. In partnership with our leadership team, we will continue to evolve the company to ensure F5 can deliver application services in the way that makes the most business sense to our customers, whether that’s on-premise, in-the-cloud or on-demand and always with the confidence that F5 is defending those applications. Lastly, our most important asset is our people. I will lead in a collaborative, transparent and respectful way. In my first month as CEO, I’m dedicated to listening to our employees to hearing what motivates them and to hear about their ideas on how to make F5 even a better place to work and also how best to serve our customers. I am excited to get started in this new role and I want to express my gratitude to John and the board for their vote of confidence.  And I will turn the call over for Q&A.
Manuel Rivelo: Yeah, let me just add some to virtual ADCs. So actually, we see as it being just complementary. We are seeing actually our virtual ADCs grow at a nice clip over the last couple of quarters and really over the last couple of years, but what we are seeing is two trends. One is that new applications are getting virtual ADCs, meaning in today’s architecture where either applications are moving to the cloud or they are moving to a much more software defined data center, we are seeing those virtual ADCs take over. However, in those same instances, customers are looking for traditional hardware solutions in what we tend to call internally a two-tier architecture, meaning the exterior tier of the data center is usually hardware and in that level, we provide services with our custom-built hardware that provides high throughput, high performance. And then we apply virtual, if you will, ADCs at the application layer on the back-end of the tier. So we think it’s actually complementary. We think that to succeed in the market, you need both the hardware components and the software components working in tandem, providing both on-prem and off-prem solutions.
Manuel Rivelo: So Michael, this is Manny, let me try to answer that question. So, yeah, we believe that GBB is transforming the ADC market, and the growth rate of the overall ADC market and the rationale for that is because, what we are doing is, consolidating a set of services; layer four through seven service inside a product. The traditional ADC product itself was predominantly started out being a load balancer in the early days, if you go back a decade or so ago and since then, we've incorporated into that product, firewall technology, Secure Web Gate technologies, service provider technologies, the list goes on and on, that's part of the value proposition if they are a traffic management operating system or big IP that we bring to the market. So by looking at that, we think the addressable market of our solutions is about $12 billion opportunity for us. That's what we talked about at the Analyst Conference last November, we are tracking to that, and we monitor that very closely. If you look at just the ADC market, right, and the old definition, that would be about a $4 billion market, so we think we've added to the new definition, approximately $8 billion of incremental TAM.
Manuel Rivelo: And what I will add to that is, we are continuing our innovation cycle and we will see specifically coming out later this quarter our next release of technology and products into the market segment. So actually, it’s the quarter after, I apologize, Q4 that you will see that innovation come out. So, you will expect to see from us continuing to add innovation on two releases, predominantly a year, and that will continue to build TAM for us in new products in the market.
Manuel Rivelo: And just to clarify, most of the innovation we are talking about here is not physical hardware, it’s actually software innovation, so customers can upgrade to that innovation, specifically as our -- within our support capabilities. We offer that opportunity to move toward – through the most recent software cycle. So we are not penalized by any means by not having the technology today, and when the additional software functionality becomes available, they will do an upgrade.
Manuel Rivelo: And Rohit, just to add around the market share, so over the course of last year, we grew market share and we felt really good about that taking our leadership, while maintaining leadership position in the total market, we are also taking a leadership position in the software-only market. We anticipate this quarter that we will gain market share across the board. Our competitors continue to be Citrix, A10, Radware, those are the primary competitors we see out there. And our selling motions, our win rate in the field, everything is favorable, very favorable, so we expect another year of continuing to gain market share.
Manuel Rivelo: Let me just add something to that. Although we talked about that one transaction, we’ve also seen other Gi firewall deals that we’ve won, they tend to be much more in the software space, NFV-type projects from that implementation point of view and those are material also in size. So it’s not concentrated as per one account. We’re seeing that traction across various different service providers, some which are going to hardware appliances and some which are going to the software architectures.
Manuel Rivelo: I think just to add some additional context to that, this is Manny, the way to think about it is when we tend to sell the virtual editions, they tend to go out one per application. Sometimes when the hardware is sold, it's many applications from one appliance. So, you’re seeing it picked up in volume, which is Andy’s point versus concentration at the appliance level. So it tends to be almost a wash.
John McAdam: Yes. In service provider North America, it was across the board actually and all the tier 1s and I mentioned competitive wins in the cable company. So, yes, security was a big factor, so was traffic steering, Gi consolidation. It was a pretty well rounded quarter there. Sales in APAC weren’t quite strong, we had a very difficult comparison from a year ago where they had very significant growth. Same in Japan, it was a little bit late [ph] again with a very, very big win from one of the Japanese tier 1s last year. So that was doing a little bit. I don't actually have the information on EMEA. I think it was…
John McAdam: Absolutely. GBB was interesting actually last quarter, in a sense that, well, first of all, a great majority is still going to best. Actually, I think it may even be a record percentage going to best, actually either went for better or best. It was as much as 80% actually. Interestingly enough, it was very solid in the Americas. In North America, in particular, it was actually very solid with pretty significant growth.  We did see a little bit of deceleration in APAC and EMEA, which is actually somewhat counterintuitive, because they were slower to pick up the GBB process. I actually view that as good news, because we think, first of all, that’s not a trend that will continue because there is a lot of runway in EMEA and APAC and it was probably linked to the exchange issue, the foreign currency issue which was the bigger picture with the business. So very happy with what happened in North America, and let me say, with still significant revenue and very material part of the product revenue.
John McAdam: Yeah. This is John. We pertain to talk to face-to-face and/or video with our sales management in Latin America as well as in EMEA and really drill down on it. EMEA is – to actually give you a number is difficult. It really is, because if you think of some of the things that we see when you get these currency issues, especially when they are fluctuating quite significantly, your VAR channel [ph] who could make the mistake of taking an order and lose money almost for the time that that order is being paid for by the end-user customer. So that tends to make them shy and we definitely got that feedback from South America. We definitely got that. We expect that similar things happened in EMEA, but it's a little bit too early to actually give you a number, but we do -- given what we saw as Andy mentioned at the end of the quarter in terms of the slip, which we don't really see that often at all from those regions, we're pretty sure that's got to linked to the foreign currency, the exchange rate I should say.
John McAdam: Yeah. It’s hard to -- I mean, what we tend to do – what do we tend to when we've seen issues like this in the past, macro issues like in the past, we basically go back to the roots of looking at the close rate percentages and hopefully as I say, we've adopted an appropriately conservative, but realistic close rate.
John McAdam: This is John, we’re not trying to doubt that, because what we’re -- really what we're doing is, we're basically making sure that we get into a big number of markets, not only security, so the more we’re successful in security and we feel good about our progress, the more we'll get into that faster growing market. I could give you a number on security but, I don't want to, that's going to be misleading, because we need -- it needs to be a bigger percentage of our business, it's growing and so we -- that's our strategy, so rather than giving you just one number of the ADC market, remember, we are using ADC to get into other markets, hopefully fast moving ones like mobile traffic and security.
John McAdam: This is John, I think what we saw there was, I think we got proved right. In last quarter's call, we said we believe that the reduction was due to the Q4 push, emptying the pipeline and I think we're back to normality in the million dollar deals, and I obviously, time will tell that, but that's how we feel when we look at the pipeline and listen to the quarterly business reviews on the, you know, what's being forecast by the sales force. But let me remind you because I'm not going to be here is that Q1 next year, I think you're going to see a very similar scenario.
John McAdam: And if you look at, obviously product revenue acceleration is always going to be a major financial goal, as we -- the rest of the business I think in good shape in terms of profit, et cetera. So that's always a thing, and the two big areas there are service provider and security, and I have to make sure both. And there is going to be other areas where we see growth areas, obviously subscription is one where, it will be a while before we see the growth, but once we see it, it keeps on giving, but you know, number one focus, product revenue growth, but meanwhile, we’re also creating this other channel using subscription services in Silverline to make sure that we’ve got good recurring revenue at a product level as well as a service.
John McAdam: This is John, and I’m going to make an excuse, and lead with that, but given what we saw in America last quarter, where we had really solid rebound, not just in the million dollar deals, but the actual sales, if we have not seen those -- this is our opinion there, if we haven’t seen those currency, it would be – we wouldn’t be answering this question right now. So, we have to balance that. But the key for us is to keep focused on creating technology and security and the big drivers that we see, making sure that we execute on areas like the ACE opportunity, which we still believe is there, and if there is a number of deals going this quarter, then we will see results. That’s our focus, but meanwhile, there are some headwinds in between, obviously macro.
John McAdam: I don’t think so, this is John. I mean, well, first of all, and we had this from our sales force -- sales management in North America and EMEA this week, I mean, they were very optimistic about our competitive position, so we don’t see that at all right now. We think we’ve got a great area there and we will continue, and it’s up to us to keep driving those solutions and innovation that Manny talked about and product revenue will fall.
John McAdam: Yeah. Let Julian answer the services thing, because I think definitely the way you have asked the question is about the situation and then we will talk about the competitors.
John McAdam: Okay. So, let me answer that as well as in my mind. So, I think in the last call, I talked about a couple of transactions more than a million. We talked about another transaction happening this quarter, millions plus. That’s the type of, we expect -- and remember this is a rollout, this is not something that you know we expect to see that throughout the fiscal. I am not saying every quarter we’ll see it, I am not committing that, but we expect to see that type of transaction happening as they roll out the Gi firewall to the network. And another thing I said was it through -- we think over through 2016. So, we don’t see any concentration, actually almost the opposite. And the main thing we want to do actually is make it work which we’re very happy with the way it’s gone into production and also to replicate it in the other --
John McAdam: Yeah, so on the deal size, we have seen some of that, and again, it’s anecdotal in the sense, it’s coming from sales management as they are looking and thinking, what happens here, we forecast a number and that towards the end, we missed them, we don’t often do that. And then when you look at some of the actual orders especially towards the end of the fiscal quarter, I should say, we did see some reduction on add-ons coming. So we did see some of that happening. In other words, the customer really needs the basic optimization and steering, but maybe doesn’t opt for an additional module, it was a bit of that one or again, have to actually come up with a specific number on that, but we did see some of that.  And then ACE, ACE, we think we’ve still got a very big opportunity there. I mentioned I think just briefly during the call that when we went through the America’s QVR this week on Monday, we went through in detail and it was a bunch of fairly big transactions that we’re forecasting to close our ACE opportunities. And then of course, remember that once we do that, if we get a big transaction, it tends to mean it’s a bigger company, we sell security, we sell more add-ons, we sell more into the account and moved up, very good example of that. So yeah, I think it’s still a very, very good opportunity for us and we are focused on it and that’s why we keep measuring it and looking at it each quarter.
