François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In closing, I would ask you to take away three things from this call: Number one, that despite the environment, we remain committed to delivering double-digit earnings per share growth this year and on an annual basis going forward; number two, while we believe 9% to 11% revenue growth for the year is achievable, if we get demand signals that tell us it is not, we will exercise operating discipline and adjust our cost base in order to achieve our earnings goals; and number three, we have built a strong business model with nearly 70% recurring revenue, product revenue that is split 50-50 between hardware and software and global services revenue that has proven durable. The result is a diversified and resilient revenue base, which when combined with operating discipline enables us to drive revenue and earnings growth in this environment. Operator, please open the call to questions.
François Locoh-Donou: I mean in terms of the overall environment, yes, the overall IT spending environment has deteriorated quite meaningfully over the last six months. And we're seeing that mainly in terms of softer demand than clearly what we were seeing six months ago. Now the way you would see that in our results, it's not in order cancellations because the appliances that our customers buy from us are typically mission-critical to deliver on applications that actually need the capacity. So we haven't seen any trend in order cancellations nor do we expect to see any of that. In fact, our customers have been pressing us to ship to them the backlog that we have built over the last couple of years and a lot of the orders that displaced that we haven't delivered on. And so we continue to work hard on our improvements in supply chain in order to be able to meet that. Where you are seeing this different environment in our results, and clearly, we're seeing a number of software projects that have been delayed, a lot more scrutiny on deals and that is actually affecting our software growth rate and you're seeing that in the results. And we've seen it, frankly, across the board in terms of softer demand in software, but also softer demand in hardware this quarter than we had a quarter a year ago.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. I will take your two questions. So let me start on the question on what -- where are we seeing the softer demand on software. I think if we split the software between existing contracts that have renewals or to forward or expansion versus new contracts, the renewal business on existing contracts largely performed as expected and where we saw most of the softer demand was on new contracts and new projects, which we had said, we expected this year in the past three years, new software business had grown pretty significantly year-on-year. We expect it coming in the year that new software project would be flat year-on-year. And what we saw in the first quarter was more of a -- it was down double digits relative to last Q1. So this is where we saw more of the pressure. Whether it affected more of the SaaS business or the term subscription business, I would say, it was quite indiscriminate across product lines, what we saw. But of course, the most significant impact in terms of in-quarter revenue was really in this multiyear term subscription deals. That's really what was a bigger impact on Q1 revenue. In terms of the hardware software distinction, Tim, it's a good question. Look, I think this year, certainly, and there was also that effect last year that there is a dynamic around hardware where last year we had a lot of demand that we couldn’t really ship because of supply chain issues and this year we are looking to improve on our supply chain and be able to ship all the orders that we've had in our backlog. And we've made a lot of progress on the supply chain to be able to do that. But it's true that a lot of our customers consume both hardware and software. We think that's going to continue to be a trend from our customers towards more software-first environment. And that's because of the way they want to consume the technology ultimately. But when we look at the total performance of the company, we focus less on that distinction than driving earnings growth and specifically double-digit earnings growth, and we're absolutely committed to driving that regardless of the dynamics between hardware and software.
François Locoh-Donou: So Alex, on the rSeries, there were -- there have been two factors that have sort of gated the ramp and growth of the rSeries over the last several quarters since we launched it. First is what you mentioned, the number of use cases and applications that rSeries could cover relative to the iSeries. And second was our ability to build and ship rSeries, which has been significantly constrained with some of the components. The good news is both of these factors are going away over the next couple of quarters. So on the supply chain factors, we are seeing better component availability and also access to broker markets where we are still constrained. We still have constraints on rSeries. We still had in Q1, and [we're still having] but a lot of the redesigned efforts that we have already done will be complete by the end of our second quarter. And so we are seeing lead times on rSeries will be improving in our second quarter and beyond. And then the second aspect in terms of the application, the number of use case that rSeries can cover will pretty much be at parity with iSeries, if not in the June quarter, in the September quarter. So in both cases, there's a lot of progress. There is a lot of demand for rSeries. And I think you should expect that rSeries will certainly grow into FY '24 to become the vast majority of what we ship in terms of appliances.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. So in terms of where we saw softer demand in software, it was across the board in terms of verticals and geographies. So if you remember in Q4, I said the international EMEA and Asia Pacific, in particular, were quite affected we actually did see that clearly in North America as well this quarter. And it was also, I would say, across most of our verticals. I think it was more pronounced in the technology sector, large tech companies going through substantial revisions of their budget and to some extent, I would say, financial services. These are perhaps where the effects were more pronounced.  In terms of the rest of the year, it's too early to have full visibility on the rest of the year. I would say our expectation is that the dynamics that we have seen in our first fiscal quarter as it relates to software will largely continue in our second fiscal quarter. But beyond that, it's too early to speak to the visibility.
François Locoh-Donou: I think, Samik, the -- in terms of the system demand, as we said earlier, we also saw softness in systems demand this quarter. So this effect on budgets and scrutiny from our customers at large affected both the software and the hardware demand to an extent. The upside in demand, frankly, is -- sorry, in in hardware revenue for the year is we said at the beginning of the year, we felt our hardware revenue forecast was really a shipping forecast. And the upside and the stronger second half that we see in hardware is really driven by ability to ship more hardware. So you should see a step increase in our hardware revenue in Q3 and Q4 from the first half of the year because of the improvements we've made on supply chain. In terms of demand specifically, I don't think the pressures on software would necessarily create stronger demand on hardware at this point in time in the environment because I think our customers are really trying to sweat their assets and try and limit the utilization to not exceed the capacity that they already have in place to the extent they can. I think that can only go on for so long, at which point they will have to buy and add capacity. But I do think that -- the improvement in supply chains and as lead times improve, we will see some demand that is latent that has been gated by the fact that we're not able to ship. So a lot of customers because we haven't been able to ship orders that they place two, three, four, five months ago, and they haven't been able to project or implement our solution or not able to place the next order. And I think as we resolve that, we should see some improvement there in demand from these customers.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, I would say, look, where we have strong visibility is for us to achieve the revenue forecast we have in hardware, we don't necessarily need a very strong fundamental recovery in hardware demand than we have today because of the visibility we have on revenue and our ability to ship, including our backlog. In terms of what I think -- there's a real question as to when do I think this recovers and demand picks up again. It's difficult to predict. But what I can tell you is that the fundamental drivers of what gets customers to buy hardware or software are still there. They are tied to the growth in applications and applications continue to grow the complexity of these applications. And the deployment models, the fact that these applications increasingly live in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. All of these drivers are fundamentally there. So demand can be suppressed for a period of time, a couple of quarters, three quarters, four quarters. But where we have a ton of confidence is that it is going to come back because the fundamental drivers of our business and what our customer is doing are still there and will continue, including, I should say, attacks on applications that drive demand for security for applications. So all of those things are part of what gives us a lot of confidence that it's going to come back. In this current environment, the fact that we've built the flexibility that we have built around our consumption models and our deployment models, plays very well because some customers have pressures on CapEx, others on OpEx and our ability to serve them one way or the other is one mitigant, if you will. And it's one of the aspects that we think provides the resilience that you're seeing in our business and operating model.
François Locoh-Donou: Let me start with the last part. It does not alter our long-term view, Amit, because of the drivers that I've just taking you through. We think our customers will continue to deploy software in -- sorry, we'll continue to deploy our software in cloud and hybrid cloud environment. We think that the architectures are evolving to be multi-cloud architectures, and that absolutely favors that if I go back to where we were five years ago when we were hearing customers and why everything is going to go to a single cloud location, and we're not sure we're going to need an F5 ADC. Today, we are positioned where the architectures are going. They're going to multi-cloud. We're very well positioned in these architectural conversations. And so what we're not seeing is the shift away from F5 from an architecture perspective, we're seeing just financial decisions and pressure. So we're very confident that the drivers of long-term software growth for F5, security, modern applications and multi-cloud environment are going to be there and drive the 20% plus growth that we've talked about in the long term -- in the shorter term. Yes, we have said it's less likely that we will be in the 15% to 20% range we've mentioned. There is a path to get there. It's a narrower path than it was a quarter ago because it would imply a change in the second half in terms of the demand patterns that we have seen on software. And so whether things would rebound this quickly for us to be able to see that. That's unclear, and that's why we're saying that it's less likely that we would deliver 15% to 20% growth. You will note, however, Amit, that the -- I mentioned our business and operating model earlier. Part of the benefit of the balanced model that we have built is you're seeing the improvements we've made on supply chain allow us to have perhaps upside on the hardware revenue and also upside on the services revenue. So on balance, we feel our 9% to 11% revenue range is still achievable.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Meta. I'll take the first one. Frank will take the second one on gross margins. The -- so the large software projects that are tied to all of the factors you mentioned, but typically infrastructure modernization or application modernization. So these would be companies that are -- that have had, say, our hardware in their environment, and they're deciding to move in a partially or wholly to a software-first environment. This could be a private cloud or it could be a public cloud implementation with lift and shift. More often than not, they are actually setting up the software environment whilst keeping part of their application estates on hardware. So they will pick a set of applications that we really want to modernize and move to an environment that's more automated, whether it's in a public cloud or even in their own private cloud whether it's higher levels of the automation that gives them faster time to market, better deployment time frames and cetera, et cetera. So that's the type of project for the large kind of multiyear subscription. We have also a number of other projects that are now with NGINX. There are just typically new applications, new modern applications that have been in test and development, and they're moving into production. And when they move into production, there is a need for strong networking and security capabilities that NGINX brings as a complement to, for example, Kubernetes orchestration. So we're seeing a lot of these projects. And now with our Distributed Cloud offerings, we're also offering SaaS solution, and that is, I would say, a missing part of our business, but it's a different model of deployment where typically, a long tail of applications that would not have had a traditional ADC in front of them in the past, customers are choosing to protect them with a SaaS security solution for F5. So those are, I would say, the three types of implementations. But of course, the multiyear sort of subscription are more anchored on the first model that I mentioned.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. So Yes. On the Lilac, let me start with -- we acquired Volterra a couple of years ago. and really launched the platform with our security offering about a year ago. And we've seen a very, very good traction with Distributed Cloud Services over the last 10 months. And so we want to build on that traction. We recently started with a CDN offering in the Distributed Cloud Services platform. That was based on an OEM agreement with Lilac. And this was essentially a talked acquisition to in-source that technology and the team, in order to be able to secure the offering for the longer term. And also work with this team to continue to improve on the offering and deliver increasingly innovative edge services on the Volterra platform. So we're pretty excited about the team joining us and being able to accelerate our innovation on that front. And it completes our offering in terms of web application firewalls, API security, DDoS protection, anti-bot and now CDN into the bouquet of services that we offer on Distributed Cloud.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Victor, I think it's interesting because I would say that migrations to the public cloud, if you want to call them like lift and shift tech migrations, we have seen that to be more of a tailwind to F5 than a headwind. But even more than that, what we have seen over the last couple of years is that customers are not migrating applications to a single cloud. Increasingly, customers are leveraging multiple different environments for their applications, multiple public clouds, private cloud and on-premise. And that actually is an architectural model that is ideally suited for the portfolio that we have built, which is essentially an infrastructure agnostic portfolio of application security and delivery services. And so we feel very strongly that as that trend accelerates in large enterprises and that multi-cloud and hybrid cloud becomes more and more the mainstream deployment way of that enterprises deploy their application portfolio. It is going to drive growth for F5 and specifically, for F5 software and SaaS services. So that's where our confidence comes and I mentioned those drivers earlier, multi-cloud environments, security, modern applications. All three will contribute to the long-term growth of our software, which is why we feel our views on that are absolutely intact. What we are seeing right now, again, it's not an architectural or a competitive issue. It is it is largely a macro-driven very cautious spending environment that is kind of indiscriminate across product lines.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Victor. I mean, we saw them, which is why if you look at our software growth in 2021, I think it was around 37%. And if you look at our software growth in 2022, the first three quarters of '22 prior to the change in the environment, our software growth was also close to 40%. So we -- and it came from these three drivers, more deployment of modern applications that we serve with NGINX now with Distributed Cloud Services, more need for security in front of applications that we serve with all security solutions, Shape Distributed Cloud, BIG-IP and more deployments in multi-cloud environments with our large customers.
François Locoh-Donou: All right. Let me start with the legacy and modern applications and how the mix is trending. I would say it's actually trending in line with the population of applications overall, which is that legacy applications are growing, I would say, in the single-digit percentage range in terms of the number of these applications out there deployed in the world. Whereas modern applications, we think are growing in the 30% range in terms of the number of them that are going into production on an annual basis. And so over time, there will be a lot more of the more than applications than the legacy applications. But where this gets blurred though, is that we're also seeing a number of legacy applications get modernized where folks are adding modern component to an application that is already in production has already been generating revenue. And this is where I think F5 has a specific advantage is that, yes, we play in modern applications with components like NGINX and excluding our Distributed Cloud Services. Yes, we play in legacy or traditional applications with platforms like BIG-IP. But for a lot of our customers, they want to have implementations that involve modernizing a legacy plate application and especially in an environment where customers are looking to consolidate vendors to simplify their operations, our ability to deliver on both of these requirements and actually deliver a single commercial vehicle where you can have both your modern and legacy application services is critical. And so that's one of the ways that we've positioned the company to be able to serve both needs. Over time, it will skew more towards modern applications as they grow faster.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, absolutely. So let me take them quickly in order. I would say on NGINX and Shape integrations are largely complete. And so on NGINX, you've already -- so they're complete both from a, if you will, product perspective in terms of capabilities, we have ported from F5 or BIG-IP onto NGINX, so we can offer, for example, security on NGINX. And increasingly, we're offering our customers a single pane of glass to be able to get visibility on both NGINX and BIG-IP deployments. And they're also complete from a go-to-market perspective whereby we have now enabled our mainstream go-to-market, marketing and sales resources to be able to promote and engage customers on NGINX. We've done the large thing on Shape, we're a little behind that, but I would say almost 80% there where we now have the integration complete. Shape is available in BIG-IP. Our customers who have BIG-IP can turn on Shape and tie more capabilities quickly. Shape is also available in our Distributed Cloud platform as a standard anti-bot defense offering. And we've also done a lot of the go-to-market integration. By the way, those integrations from -- when I say from a go-to-market, they are quite critical because they have allowed us to continue to drive better operating leverage from a sales and marketing perspective. So if you look at our sales and marketing expense, I think it was 31% or so of revenue in 2020, and it's 29% in 2022 despite the revenue pressures we had because of supply chain. So you see operating leverage there. And you look at our overall OpEx as a percentage of revenue has gone from roughly 54.5% in 2020, down to 50% to 51% implied in our FY '23 guidance. So the integrations have also enabled us to drive the right synergies and operating leverage. And then in terms of the -- I don't know if you asked about Volterra, of course, is newer. And so we're still going through that, but we've already done a chunk of the integrations by deploying all of our security capabilities onto that platform that we call now Distributed Cloud, and we're getting quite a bit of traction where all of that is going, is that ultimately, we are going to offer our customers a single console and a single pane of glass from which they can manage all their security policies from which they can get visibility to all their deployment with F5, whether it's hardware, software or SaaS and whether it's in legacy or modern environment. And in that regard, we're positioning to be quite a unique player that can cover all these models in a way that's agnostic to the underlying infrastructure.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Sami. So I'm going to start with your first question, and then I'll let François take the second. It's Frank. So we didn't give an exact split out, but I would say it's roughly even between the two. I think the renewal rates continue to go up, particularly on those services business, and we've seen less discounting, given the environment that we see of people continuing to sweat assets putting focus on that and taking the price increases that were put in place a couple of quarters ago, and we're starting to see the benefits of that come through to the services revenue. So I'm not going to give you the exact split, but I would think of them as roughly equal between the two, and I'll let François refer to your second question. .
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Alex, let me start with the backlog question. I'm going to turn it over to François for your second question. So on backlog, what we've talked about is that we will disclose that once a year if it's material, meaning more than 10%, but we weren't going to talk specifics in any one given quarter. I will say similar to Q1 last year, where we talked about percent move up, we were down a bit more than 10% this quarter in backlog from where we ended in Q4, and that was largely a result of our ability to ship based off of some of the product redesigns that we were able to achieve. And so we were quite happy with seeing that reduction in backlog from a customer satisfaction standpoint. And then François, I think we'll talk to your second question.
Frank Pelzer: Meta, in relation to gross margins, particularly product gross margins, our view of that for the year has not changed. And we talked about the supply chain improvements starting to benefit our product gross margins really in the latter half of this year, even all the way up into Q4. But the real benefit that we're going to see is going to be in FY '24 in terms of product gross margin improvement. We still had the purchase price variance and expedite fees that we're working through the components that make up our box builds through this year, and we still have got a few critical components where we are having to go in the broker market. So largely, we will start to see improvement in Q4, but more of it you will see in FY '24.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. And I appreciate the question, Jim. We -- again, as François mentioned, a second ago, we are not updating our 15% to 20% guidance because we do still see a path to get there. Again, it's harder path. I think that we're not necessarily expecting to change in environment. And part of the reason why we're not updating the back half is because the visibility is cloudy right now in terms of demand. And with -- when we came into the year, we talked about over 50% of the revenue that we expected as part of that 15% to 20% growth was going to come from new business activity. And that we didn't expect that to grow, but we didn't expect to see the types of percentage declines that we saw in Q1. And so just with the lack of visibility that we've got right now, we don't have a new range to offer to you today. But we do feel like it's less likely that we will be in that range.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. We did not experience any sort of onetime benefits, I think the -- however you want to think about the perpetual business versus the subscription business, but there was nothing unusual in the quarter.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Tom, let me start with that, and François wants to add, he certainly can. Again, we think some of the power of our model is the flexibility of the way customers want to consume. And in some cases, people have OpEx budgets and in other cases, they have CapEx budgets. And so in certain instances, I think they'd rather consume on a CapEx basis, and some of that will come through perpetual. It's not something that we try to spend a ton of time forecasting the split between the two. We're happy when revenue falls in either. And so for the last couple of quarters, you may have seen that tick up from what was sort of a low $30-ish million a quarter business to the upper $30 million, low $40 million. But generally, those are customer preferences and how they want to consume our solutions.
Frank Pelzer: Jim, is it affected by the supply chain? The answer to that is yes, because we have a lot of orders that we were not able to ship last year, and we have made a lot of improvements in supply chain, both from our suppliers in the general environment and our own redesign of our platforms that give us better visibility on what we're going to be able to ship to customers over the next three quarters. And we've always said we wanted to be able to get all this these orders to our customers as soon as possible and reduce our lead times, which we believe actually will be a tailwind to demand when we're sale to reduce our demand. So yes, it is affected by that. But it is -- that's part of why we see the soft side in the hardware for the year. It's because our view today of what we'll be able to ship has actually improved from where it was three months ago.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, Jim. So it really hasn't -- our outlook on capital deployment has not changed. We still expect to spend 50% of our free cash flow on share repurchase this year. And as you -- as we mentioned earlier, we did pay down the term loan debt associated with the Shape acquisition, which was a little over $350 million use of cash in the quarter. And so that reflects the change in our cash balance and the $40 million share repurchase we did in Q1. And we obviously announced Lilac, which was an undisclosed sum. It was a small acquisition that we did today. And so the balance of the activities and how we said we're going to use our capital has not changed, and we don't anticipate that it will change going forward.
Frank Pelzer: And we're not offering any new metrics on software like net retention rates. I will say that as we mentioned for the renewal side of the business, which includes the SaaS business is the true forwards associated with the business and some of the second terms of our multiyear subscription agreements as largely came in as we expected. The shortfall that we experienced was largely due to the new software business that just didn't drive growth in the way that we would have expected it in Q1.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Ray, why don't I take both of those? The first in terms of changes in duration of the contracts, we are certainly sensitive in monitoring that, but we have not seen any discernible change in contract duration on the second term renewals or on the primary contracts that we are putting in place. And so that has not impacted us at this stage. In terms of the commitment to our double-digit EPS growth and cash flow, we are -- we will see the benefits of some of the slowdown in the new flexible consumption programs that will then yield more actual cash in the back half because we're not adding on as much of the upfront revenue recognition in relation to the cash that we are receiving. So we will start to see the benefit of that and see that normalize out a bit. Part of the other benefit that we're going to see for cash flow is that the supply chain issues that we've had and the extra purchase price variance and expedite fees those will largely come out, and those will help our cash flow from operations. So both of those, I think, will start to see a normalization. But it is one of the more difficult areas to predict in the model going forward.
