Francis J. Pelzer: Sure. So Rod, in relation to your question on tariffs, unrelated to any sort of trade war escalation, we actually had a plan to move our production manufacturing from China to Mexico which we completed that transfer in FY 2018 and so we're all done and complete with that. We've actually taken a look at where the tariffs are today, and the impact that would have on our FY 2019 operating plan. It's approximately $1 million of additional cost based off the tariffs, but then we've already baked into our operating plan and the guidance we've given you.
Francis J. Pelzer: Sure. So Jim, it's Frank. I'm going to take both of those. Let me start first with the deferred question. On the deferred revenue, we actually have a very simple explanation on that. We saw at the end of the quarter, a few customers with some larger renewals that just were trying to manage their own cash and so you're going to see that reverse itself in Q1. And then on the ASC-606, we have a very, very small deminimus impact, frankly, from the change to – ASC-605 to ASC-606 that we've discussed in our financial statements for the past couple of years and so the guidance that we've given reflects the ASC-606 impact but it is very minimal, and we see the same attach rates and do not see any unusual discounting in the maintenance.
Francis J. Pelzer: Sure. So Jason, thanks for your question. I'll start and turn it over to François. The linearity one is fairly straightforward. It was almost identical to what we seen in the past Q4s and so we were, if anything, saw even a little bit better in month one and month one, but we're talking a percentage point, nothing dramatic.
Francis J. Pelzer: Samik, honestly, I think it's fairly consistent with what we've said in the past in terms of our sequential improvement. It's the cadence in which our quarters generally fall. I think we're obviously happy about the traction that we've seen in software and continue to see in the software and visibility that we've got that actually – that's got nice predictability for us. And so that gives a base in and of itself, but in terms of the specific qualitative guidance for the broader FY 2019, that's fairly consistent to where we've been in the past.
François Locoh-Donou: Look, Rod we started this move last year, in the early part of last year. I think the team just – kudos to our, both our supply chain and manufacturing team, they executed very well on the move and no we did not have any impact on inventories. Frankly we made the move while staying with the same contract manufacturer and so it was the same CM that was supporting us in China, that is supporting us in Mexico and I think that made things smoother and so generally there's been no impact and we have – continue to have very high-quality of the outputs that are coming both out of the China manufacturing environment and the Mexico manufacturing environment.
François Locoh-Donou: No. So James, let me make sure we're aligned here. So generally, you'll see that our average deal size hasn't changed. It's still in the 120k range and it has been for the last several quarters. What you're talking about is a sort of unit price of a Virtual Edition, a classic Virtual Edition of F5 versus the new Cloud Edition. The new Cloud Edition on a per unit basis is a fraction of a price of the Virtual Edition, but remember that a Virtual Edition typically support anywhere between five and 10 applications and a Cloud Edition is bought on a per-application basis. And so what we're seeing in the initial deals that we've done on Cloud Edition is that the number of apps that are supported is significant and so overall, there's no impact on the deal size. It's about the same deal size as what it's been on Virtual Edition. It's just a different consumption model that allows more flexibility for the user to manage their infrastructure on a per-app basis.
François Locoh-Donou: All right. So Sami, let's just say that in general, I would say there are a couple of scenarios in those deployments. We have a lot of customers that are buying a traditional hardware motion and are adding to that Virtual Editions on-prem. That's kind of our classic deployment model. What we're seeing is more and more, these customers also want to deploy their infrastructure in multiple public clouds and their desire is to manage all these instances of ADCs as part of a single portfolio and ideally through a single pane of glass. Our ELAs enable them to do that and give them the flexibility to consume as many licenses as they want, of software and whether they put these licenses on-prem or in the public cloud. The initial – and I'm talking about software purely right now, the initial view we're seeing from the consumption of these ELAs is very strong, i.e., they signed up for a minimum amount of consumption and we're seeing in the early months of consumption that they're well on track to exceed that minimal amount of consumption which bodes well for true-up in the future. What we've seen as it relates to hardware is that generally, customers that use us in a multi-cloud deployment scenario overall spend more with us than customers that use us just in our traditional hardware deployment models. So that's, I think, how I would frame it for you. The overall spend for a multi-cloud customer is larger than one that is not or one that is pure hardware.
François Locoh-Donou: No, it's very similar. The only difference, Sami, is that when a customer signs up for an ELA or a subscription, their services is part of the subscription and so it will show up for us in our product revenues, whereas in a model where they bought the hardware as a perpetual license and separately they bought maintenance that services would show up in our services revenue. So there is a difference in terms of whether services revenue is going to be accounted for, but in terms of the, if you will, total customer spend, it's the same or potentially in terms of the amount of money they're spending on services, it's the same or potentially larger if we are successful with the renewal and the expansions that we're seeing in the early days.
François Locoh-Donou: Tim, thank you. So on the first one, we said at the time we released our Cloud Edition that we did not expect material revenue contribution from Cloud Edition in FY 2018, and that is the case. I would say the contributions to Q4 was very minimal, because there is – the time it takes to get through – go through the sales cycle, the proof-of-concepts, et cetera, and then a lot of the initial deals are initial sales, which will expand over time. So minimal contribution in 2018, but we do expect – given the traction that we've seen so far, we do expect meaningful contribution in our fiscal 2019. And in terms of the gross margin, yes, the answer is no different than what we've said at AIM that over time, we do expect as the software contribution grows to have some impact on our – positive impact on our gross margin. If you'll recall at the end of our Horizon 2, which is 2022, we expect that our software to be about 40% of total product revenues and I think by then we would see a meaningful impact. That being said, our margins are roughly 85% right now and so the room for expansion isn't significant. What we said is that in Horizon 2, our margins would be in the 85% to 87% range. So...
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Tim. So I would say we continue – as a company, we continue to win new logos every quarter and that's not really driven just by Cloud Edition. We're winning new use cases in security, in public cloud, and even I mentioned last quarter a number of new customers coming in for hardware. So new customer, new mobile position is going to continue. What we're seeing with Cloud Edition is within our existing customers, we are unlocking new footprint that we didn't have before. There are a couple of use cases that we could not address before. One is when customers want to really deploy on a per-app basis we couldn't touch those types of deployments. We now can. Two is the ability to scale rapidly the infrastructure under an application that sort of flexibility is a new use case for us and it's expanding our footprint and touching new applications, specifically applications that are in test and development. We didn't have the opportunity before to intercept these applications at their inception and we now can. And the third aspect of that is we are also now, for the first time, giving application developers direct visibility into their virtual instance of F5 and they're seeing analytics and the performance of their applications and so we're building a relationship with app developers that we didn't have before and that's driving new deployments into new applications. So I would characterize it right now as largely addressing the long tail of applications you've heard us talk about, inside of existing customers, more than focusing on going and looking out for new customers. I do think though we will address new customer segments as we introduce in the first half of 2019 F5-as-a-Service and our Cloud-Native App Services platform.
François Locoh-Donou: And Jason, in terms of the systems, if you'll recall in March, we said that we expected the overall market for hardware ADCs to decline at mid-single-digits going forward, but we also expected that we would do better than that. That we expected to be in the low single-digit decline to flat going forward and I think what we've seen over the last three quarters is we've done exactly that. This quarter, we were flat. We still expect quarterly fluctuations on the hardware number, but overall we're executing for deployment and I think we're getting share and there are a couple of reasons for that. One driver of the stability is security use cases driving spend in ADC for us, but not all ADC vendors have access to it, because they don't have the security capabilities things like SSL orchestration or Web Application Firewall or Access Manager consolidated on ADC. That's driving stability for us in ADC. There are new use cases such as flips in the federal sector or IoT that are driving demand for our hardware products, there are geographies where there's significant demand for new hardware, specifically in emerging markets, places like China and Latin America, and so all of these factors are driving stability in the hardware business, along the lines of what we had said would happen at the investor meeting.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Alex, if that's what you're referring to, we have seen cases and I wouldn't say we're seeing them by the hundreds, but we have seen cases of companies that were born in the cloud. And essentially never bought or owned a piece of infrastructure. And as they grow and start to worry a bit more about their profit, they start worrying about how they control their cost and we have seen some of them, almost graduate from this born-in-the-cloud environment and come back and run co-location capabilities and actually come back to us for hardware ADCs. So we have seen those cases. I don't know if this was a trend that's going to be much stronger in the future than it is today but we are seeing that. But as it relates to acquiring customers directly in the cloud for companies that were historically on-prem like us, we think it's an opportunity that largely for us is on top today because you're right we don't play in that market today, but that's why we're quite excited about F5-as-a-Service coming in the first half of 2019, because that's going to allow us to really intercept these born-in-the-cloud applications in a native cloud consumption experience for those who are building their app in the public cloud's platform environment. And so we're pretty excited about our opportunity to play there and intercept these applications. And then down the road as these applications grow, if they too have multi-cloud requirements, it will make it that much easier for us to contribute to their requirements beyond the single public cloud. And so F5-as-a-Service essentially will be our leading entry into the relationship which we will expand from.
François Locoh-Donou: I would describe it, Alex, as generally the spending environment, you're right, has been healthy in 2018. We continue to think overall that it's healthy, specifically for the enterprise market. In North America, in particular, we've seen some softness in the Tier 1 service providers in the last quarter, and we're cautious about the upcoming quarters with Tier 1 service providers. There hasn't been a sign of significant change in behavior from our enterprise customers, but like everybody else, we are a little cautious going into 2019 given what we've seen over the last three, four weeks.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Samik, so we have relationship with the major public cloud providers, so AWS obviously is a partner for us, Microsoft Azure is a partner, we have integration going into Google Cloud, and international cloud providers as well. And the relationships aren't just technical integration, certainly in terms of the top 2 or 3, they're significant co-marketing activity between us and them helps customers leverage their clouds and migrate applications over to the cloud. And so in the software, we don't break out, by the way, as you know, Samik, we don't break out our public cloud revenues, but we have said before and I can reiterate this that within software, software in the public cloud is the fastest-growing part of our software business, and that has been the case throughout 2018.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Tal. Thank you. That's three question in one. We'll address them in that order, Tal. So in terms of disclosure of security revenues, as you know, we don't break that out. I would say that the percentage of our ADC sales that are driven by security use cases or that include a component of security in the overall bundle has steadily increased, and today it's a meaningful percentage of our ADC sales. We don't break it out. It's not just a question around the size of the revenue, but it has to do with, in a number of cases, it's very subjective to determine whether a sale was driven by security or ADC or both. And so that's the reason that we don't break it out today and there's not a clear trigger of when we will. In terms of your – I'll take the third part of your question then the second one. Where we have been seeing very strong success today historically, and Tal, I'd say that would be up until kind of the middle of 2018, was really in this consolidated use case where we – it's very convenient for a lot of our enterprise customers to consolidate on to an ADC, Application Firewall, identity and access capability, some encryption/decryption capabilities. And so this use case of consolidation in the ADC and the enterprise has been extremely successful and will continue to be. That is also true in the service provider world, where our capabilities around CGNAT, TCP optimization (00:54:59) firewalls, consolidated into an ADC capability is very appealing to service providers. So I would say, if you look historically, the consolidation of multiple security modules and function that allows one to reduce CapEx and reduce complexity has played out in the enterprise and service providers. Going forward in 2019, we're very excited about two stand-alone security use cases. The first one is our Advanced Web Application Firewall, where we've already released that product and we're seeing great initial traction. We're really differentiated relative to other players because of our Layer 7 capabilities, but also bot mitigation capabilities and that differentiation today is on-prem. But we're going to bring our WAF capabilities into F5-as-a-Service and we think that's going to be a big differentiator for us. And then the second one we're very excited about is our SSL orchestration capabilities, a massive use case because all enterprise customers are dealing with – the vast majority of their traffic is encrypted and we provide a very efficient solution to encrypt and decrypt the traffic, do what we call break and inspect and then chain multiple security services together, which saves very significant dollars to enterprise customers. So these two areas, Tal, we expect them to be two meaningful growth drivers for us in stand-alone security next year. And if you recall, that was one of our growth pillars from the conversation at AIM in March.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah, Tal. It's a great question. So there are other activities but we have been doing them already for several years. So if you look at our sales organization, in a lot of cases, a lot of our accounting, specifically major accounts, are already facing the CECL community and the SecOps buyer. So it's not like our sales team isn't capable today of selling security solutions because they've been selling them in a consolidated ADC fashion. And so they are very conversant in these solutions, but they are addressing new use cases with the SecOps buyer. In terms of marketing and thought leadership, most of our customers see us today as a security company, we have a significant muscle in security and threat research of an organization called F5 Labs that publishes research on security issues on a regular basis and that is very well read within our customer and partner community. So there are tons of things that we don't necessarily talk about because they've been in the go-to-market motion of F5 now for already several years.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Paul. I'll clarify first. I didn't say service provider had weakened in the last three to four weeks, I said we were seeing in the last quarter or so softness in Tier 1s in North America. And as you know, service provider business can be lumpy, but if you look at – that also is, I think, the majority of the explanation on why North America has, in relative terms, is more flattish than other regions. A, it's largely driven by the softness we've seen in the Tier 1 service providers in North America.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Paul, that's a great question. So you are correct that both application developers and their close cousins DevOps people are gaining mindshare and influencing in large enterprise organizations. That's resulting into two things. First, for our traditional buyers, network infrastructure buyers, typically in central IT, they want to offer a better SLA to app developers and DevOps people. And so part of our portfolio strategy, our multi-cloud strategy, is to enable our current buyers to offer that better SLA. Cloud Edition, I just discussed earlier, does exactly that. It offers this per-app capability which means an app developer doesn't have to wait for a maintenance window for five weeks so that all applications can align to an upgrade. They can do their thing on their part on their infrastructure. They also get more analytics and got more visibility in their application, but that Cloud Edition is typically purchased by a network operations person and they use that new technology to offer a different SLA to app developers. So that's kind of motion one. The solutions we're releasing in 2019, both F5-as-a-Service and our Cloud-Native Application platform, those will appeal directly to the DevOps buyer and they will allow them to essentially procure their own technology on their terms. And so associated with that, we have significant efforts around digital marketing, digital sales, a tech touch for these buyers that essentially allow them to procure – explore trial and procure the technology in the way they want to do it, which is very different than our traditional buyers currently. So that's how we will address that community as well, but that journey starts in 2019.
François Locoh-Donou: All right. Great, Simon. So let's start. So today, there are applications we don't support, there are typically applications that are born-in-the-cloud either in test or development or even production and that, I would say, have relatively simple load balancing requirements. Those applications are largely addressed by the native load balances offered by the large public cloud providers. Now, so that's where they play and today, we largely play in enterprises that have either on-prem requirements or multi-cloud deployment requirements. So if somebody wants to deploy an application or a portfolio of applications in multiple public clouds, typically, we're going to have a play there because we are cloud agnostic. We will, in that scenario, partner with the public cloud providers to help the customers migrate their applications to these environments and when F5 is supporting an application on-prem and it migrates, in the vast, vast, vast majority of the cases, we will stay with our application and they will stay with us. Now, so that's kind of the lay of the land today. In 2019, as we introduce our new platforms in F5-as-a-Service, we will also play in born-in-the-cloud applications, but the value add that we bring beyond the Cloud-Native load balances is the feature depth and breadth that a lot of these applications want. When they want global server load balancing, some security capabilities, and our partners in this case, public cloud providers are actually interested in partnering with us to enable these capabilities in their environment in a seamless way for these applications. And that's actually one of the reasons that I mentioned in the script earlier that Barry and Venu had joined us from AWS. One of the reasons for that is they have deep insights both into the economics of application deployment in public cloud and the technology associated with these deployments and they are very interested in this multi-cloud strategy and how we're going to deploy our business in these environments.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, we have a relationship with them as well. I would say, just for clarity though, Simon, when we talk about multi-cloud, we mean by that multiple public clouds co-location, on-premise private data centers and on-premise private clouds, and we're seeing all of these deployment models happen within our customer base.
