Andrew Reinland: Thank you, Jason. Q2 was a quarter of solid execution. We continue to see growing momentum with our software offerings, particularly solutions for multi-cloud architectures, and our Services business delivered another quarter of strong revenue and profit. Second quarter revenue of $533 million, up 3% year-over-year, was above the midpoint of our guided range of $525 million to $535 million. GAAP EPS of $1.77 per share was above our guidance of $1.66 to $1.69 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.31 per share was also above our guidance of $2.24 to $2.27 per share. Product revenue of $238 million in the second quarter was down 1% year-over-year and accounted for 45% of total revenue. Software in Q2 was 15% of product revenue and was up 28% year-over-year. Systems revenue declined 5% year-over-year and made up 85% of product revenue. Services revenue of $296 million grew 7% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. On a regional basis, Americas revenue grew 1% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. EMEA revenue grew 8% year-over-year and accounted for 26% of overall revenue. APAC revenue, which accounted for 14% of the total, grew 2% year-over-year, and Japan at 4% of total revenue decreased 6% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 66% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21% and government sales were 13%, including 5% from U.S. Federal. In Q2, we had five greater-than-10% distributors: Ingram Micro, which accounted for 17% of total revenue; Tech Data accounted for 12%; and Arrow, SYNNEX and Westcon, each accounted for 11% of revenue. Moving on to our operating results. GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83.2%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.6%. GAAP operating expenses of $300 million were within our $296 million to $306 million guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $264 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 26.9% and non-GAAP operating margin was 35.2%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 24.7%. Turning to the balance sheet. In Q2, we generated $185 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash and investments totaling $1.4 billion at quarter end. DSO at the end of the quarter was 49 days. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9.8 million. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $30 million. Deferred revenue increased 8.7% year-over-year to just over $1 billion. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,385 employees, up slightly from the prior quarter. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $140.82 per share for a total of $150 million. Moving to our guidance for fiscal Q3. Based on strengthening pipeline and discussion with our sales organization, we see momentum building in the business as we enter the back half of our fiscal year. We expect further improvement in our revenue growth rate in the third quarter, highlighted by a return to year-over-year product revenue growth. With this in mind, for the third quarter of fiscal 2018, we are targeting revenue in the range of $535 million to $545 million. We expect GAAP gross margins at or around 83%, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margins are anticipated at or around 84.5%. We estimate GAAP operating expense of $297 million to $307 million, including approximately $36.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We expect a GAAP effective tax rate of approximately 25% for the third quarter and a non-GAAP effective tax rate at or around 24%. And our Q3 GAAP earnings target is $1.79 to $1.82 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is $2.36 to $2.39 per share. And with that, I will turn the call over to François.
Andrew Reinland: And then, Jason, I'd jump in and add to your question around deal sizes. Overall, we saw our average deal size increase in the quarter over Q1. So, Q1, we were at $113,000, and that increased to right at $123,000. And we also saw in Q2 – for Q2, in particular, a significant step-up in million-dollar deals, which is, for us, a good sign of business, especially this early in the calendar year.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, I think in both François and my commentary, talking about momentum and talking with the salespeople, it's definitely a dynamic that we keep our eye on when we're assessing to make statements like that.
Andrew Reinland: And then to the Government question, if you set Federal aside, yeah, you're right. It would look like – outside of the U.S. and state and local, it looks stronger, and that's lumpy for us, though, it's hard when we look at non-Federal to really see any determined seasonality, and I think an element of it is lumpiness. Federal, on the other hand, which was okay for Q2, we definitely see the September quarter much stronger with the other quarters kind of around this level. So, that's what I would attribute it to.
Andrew Reinland: So, Jim, you're asking just how are we looking at the linearity this year and expectations for revenue through the year? I'll consider that yes. I mean, I still think the way we see our year lay out, and I don't think we've changed our view on this, is Q1, Q2 are usually slower part of the year for us. And then going in the back half, Q3, Q4, which is our June and September quarters, is where we see strength. And a lot of that is how the sales organization is incented, Federal in Q4. And as you can see in my comments, for Q3, we expect to get back to product revenue growth, which is implied in the guidance that we gave and we think that bodes well for going into Q4 as well. So, generally, that's the view of linearity.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, when you look at the deferred revenue, the vast majority of it today is maintenance contracts. So, you're right that it is building software and deferred related to that, but still the vast majority is the maintenance contracts.
Andrew Reinland: In line with our commentary about expectations for the back half, returning to product revenue growth, momentum in the business, yeah, the hiring is ramping up a bit. And we'll continue to manage it as we always have and watch the quarters unfold against our expectations on a week-by-week basis and adjust as we need to. But if all goes according to expectations, we should see hiring pick up.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Jason. Thanks for the question. I'll start with the latter part. I think what we've seen last year is a number of customers who were considering or reconsidering their architecture, especially looking to move towards a multi-cloud environment and trying to figure out how much they would deploy in hardware, how much they would deploy in software, what would be in public cloud and private clouds and so forth. I think we talked about it last year, saying the decision cycle in some cases was causing some pause in their decision-making. I think to a certain extent that still exists, and we still see that dynamic in the marketplace. But I think we see also a number of customers that have kind of made their decisions on their architecture. And therefore, they're moving forward on their decisions. And whether it's ELAs in software or some hardware deployments, they're just moving forward. So I think that's the dynamic we're seeing in the market. I think in a number of cases we also see customers who have waited to make these decisions. But application traffic and the pressures on traffic kind of catches up with them and, at some point, they have to move forward and make their decisions. So, that's the dynamic in the market. In terms of ELAs, Jason, that's an offering that's only been in the market for us for really only a couple of quarters. And we're really pleased with the traction that we're seeing with this mode of consumption. It just gives a lot more flexibility to our customers to deploy our technologies in a frictionless way across on-prem or public cloud. And both the initial traction and the initial deals that we're seeing are, in fact, pretty chunky.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Alex. It's a good question. So a couple of data points, perhaps just to frame the context for this. Software revenues are about 15% of our product revenues today, and largely ELA's applied primarily to our software business. So just to frame how much of a play it has in our current business. In terms of the implications for the sales organization, I'd say, number one, we are largely going after our existing customers so that the same large enterprises and large service providers that have been customers of F5 are the customers that want to consume us in these ELAs. So, it doesn't require for our sales organization to find an entirely new set of customers. We're talking about providing a different consumption model to our existing customers. We have been preparing the sales organization for this, so it's really more about enablement, making sure that the team understands the intricacies of these commercial models, and also making sure we have the right incentives in place. And so at the beginning of this year, we put some incentives in place for our sales organization to make sure that it was attractive for them to sell and market these ELAs. And I think we're seeing the traction as a result of that.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Rod. I think I'll take Japan and Andy will talk to the Federal piece. Yes, so in Japan, I think generally you should look at that revenue as pretty stable. It's still a relatively small business in the overall picture of F5. So, you may experience a little bit of lumpiness quarter-to-quarter there. But what we're seeing right now, the momentum is pretty stable. I think there were some – cloud providers were perhaps a little late to the Japanese market relative to other markets and we're seeing actually a pickup in demand there with this multi-cloud strategy as well.
François Locoh-Donou: Simon, I'll take that. So first of all, no, I would say our security traction in revenues is not just on Web Application Firewall. It's actually broader than that. We're getting a lot of traction in identity and access management, as an example, in SSL orchestration, which we've talked about; also in DDoS, with the introduction of our DDoS Hybrid Defender. So, there's a broad range of products that we introduced actually in our Q1 that are getting strong traction. We are talking about WAF in part because we introduced an Advanced WAF product that is very differentiated in the marketplace and allows us to extend our addressable opportunity, because it addresses a number of use cases we weren't addressing before, including things like layer 7 DDoS with machine learning and behavioral analytics, or preventing credential theft and abuse, which essentially we're the only vendor who provide these capabilities today. And so, we're highlighting that introduction, but the traction is pretty broad. Overall, in terms of growth in the security space, I'd say, we did expect to be growing in this area. We have said it was a strong driver and it continues to be a strong driver, and will be in the second half of the year.
François Locoh-Donou: Ittai, we'll try and give you some pointers here. I would say, first of all, a majority of our software business is in the Virtual Editions. But a growing part of the consumption of the Virtual Edition is across multiple clouds, including consumptions of Virtual Editions in the public cloud. And so today, our customers buy Virtual Editions for on-prem deployments, but they also buy them to instantiate them in Amazon, or Azure, or Google's public clouds. And that's a growing part of the software business. The other factor, which is going to be, I think, an accelerating factor in that, is the introduction of our Cloud Edition today, really makes the consumption of Virtual Editions in the public cloud a lot easier; A, because it provides a lighter weight Virtual Edition to be used on a per-app basis. And a lot of folks who want to deploy in the public cloud want to do it on a per-app basis. And, B, because we provide with the Cloud Edition a centralized orchestration mechanism that allows customers to turn Virtual Editions on and off, or even to scale the deployment of Virtual Editions across multiple clouds, or across on-prem and public clouds. So, it's a big catalyst for Virtual Editions deployment across multi-clouds.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah, Ittai, so to the first question, are we worried that the Cloud Edition will cannibalize our classic Virtual Edition? The short answer to that is no, we're not, and largely because customers who use the Virtual Editions today, they use it to typically support multiple applications, basically five to eight applications, I would say, on average. And the Virtual Edition is only to be used on a per-app basis. And there are very few customers who use a classic VE on a per-app basis. So, I think the cannibalization will be minimal. The other aspect of that is the per-app Virtual Edition also allows our customers to support and put Virtual Editions in front of applications that traditionally would not have had them. So, it's an expansion of use cases for us, including in security. The Cloud Edition is a great vehicle for our customers to put, for example, a Web Application Firewall in front of all their applications, which increasingly they want to do and, sometimes, they're required to do by regulation. So to the second point around which customers are deploying our software, I would say, it's actually both, existing and new customers. Most of our large customers are considering some form of addition of software to their existing hardware deployments. But we also have net new customers who haven't bought any hardware from F5 and are going straight to a Virtual Edition, either in the cloud or in their own data centers.
François Locoh-Donou: Mark, let me start with Silverline. It's actually linked to your second question. What we're seeing is key, both in the Web Application Firewall market and in the DDoS market, which is where the Silverline offering has been focused, is the ability to offer both an on-prem solution and, essentially, an off-prem scrubbing center solution is actually key for a lot of large enterprise customers. And beyond that, the ability for us to signal from an on-prem solution to a customer that they should divert their traffic to a scrubbing center on an automated basis is absolutely a key differentiator. And that's really what Silverline brings to the table, is we have this ability to offer on-prem and off-prem solution and very strong signaling between the two solutions. And that's really the differentiator between us and other vendors that are either purely in a cloud DDoS or cloud WAF space or purely on the on-prem space. In terms of software and security, I think I'd have to separate those two. In security, we compete with basically a number of players and it really depends on the use case and the type of solution. In the space of – in software, really, I think we have perhaps smaller competitors that have an interesting story around nimbleness and agility of deployment. But what we've seen is really what the customer wants is both the agility of deployment and a depth and breadth of features to support critical applications. And I think with the Cloud Edition, we're essentially the only player that really brings both of those things to the market for the first time and we think it's actually going to grow the addressable market for virtual ADCs.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jack (sic) [Jeff] (43:25). So, what you should see in terms of new products is – so we did announce some of the products in our App Protect portfolio and campaign in February, including the Advanced WAF. We are going to release the Cloud Edition at the end of May this year. In the second half of this year, you should see more security, new stand-alone security products from our portfolio come to market and we'll talk about that at the right time. And then, you will see also from us in the first half of 2019 some exciting announcements, generally, in the software space and cloud solutions. So I think over the next 12 months, we're bringing to market some new solutions that essentially extend our addressable market into new use cases. In the hardware space, we have released a new variant of our iSeries, I think both at the low end and at the high end, first iSeries with 100 gig capabilities, and we're seeing quite a bit of traction with that capability coming up because moving to 100 gig in data centers is – not just in our ADC category, but across a number of other categories, that's a hot topic at the moment. So, that's what's ahead. Your second question was about share gains in virtual ADC and hardware. On that topic, I think what we've said at our AIM conference really stands in that. We feel that, overall, our hardware business, if you look at 2018, we expect that to decline in the low-single digit to flat. I think overall, based on what we see as market forecast, we will gain share, because the expectation of the market is declining at mid-single digits. And the reason I feel pretty good about that share gain is because I feel good about our position with service providers. I feel very good about the use cases that iSeries is enabling and the breadth of use cases that we can attack. And I feel very good about the conversation we're having with customers having made their decisions on architecture. So, I think I stand by what we said at AIM. In the case of the virtual ADC space, it's more of a nascent space, but growing fast. And I think if we maintain the growth rate that you've been seeing for the first half of the year, we clearly will be gaining share in that market.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, George. Well, if you recall, George, I think it was in our Q4 – at the end of our Q4 in the October earnings call, we shared at the time that we felt pretty good that we would return to product revenue growth in 2018. And at the time, we said the reasons were, number one, we had put the number of initiatives in with our sales organization in terms of some restructuring and some better alignment of our teams against some opportunities. And I feel John and his team have been executing very well against these initiatives and we're seeing that. Number two, we were also expecting to see traction with some new offerings we had put in place, including ELAs and subscriptions. And we are actually seeing that, and that's contributing. And then number three, the offerings that you're hearing, iSeries, what we've done on iSeries and the refresh, some of these new security offerings that we've put in place, all of these are catalysts for enhancement in product revenue growth. And we now have better line of sight to this than we did six months ago. So, all of the above are actually contributing, frankly, in line with what we felt would happen throughout the year.
