Frank Pelzer: Sure, Sami. So, it’s Frank. I’ll take that one first. So, to answer the second part of the question first. We have seen an impact, but it's not in probably the way that you might expect. We have actually won business but there's no one in the Central Procurement Agency to actually process the paperwork. And so, our guidance anticipates that this does not go on through the remainder of the quarter, but some of this is actually going to be there to process where we’ll find another route in which to process those orders. If we find that this continues to go throughout the quarter, we probably would expect some impact that is not anticipated in our guidance.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. So, the dynamics on the services business, there are essentially two initiatives we've put in place last year that are bearing fruits. Generally, there's a set of transmission initiatives we have in services, but specifically, we’re leveraging more tools and more AI tools and automation to deflect as many cases as possible where we can, and it's allowing us to how better efficiencies, better realization of our resources. We've also embarked on having a better distribution of our resources globally to support different geographies, and both of these efforts are benefitting in our gross margins.
Frank Pelzer: I think would just say, capital allocation, not just this year but just broadly how we think about our capital allocation strategy. We think cash is very strategic asset. And for the first time in a long time, we’re actually getting some decent interest rate return on it that we saw a beat on our other income. That's clearly not necessarily where we want to beat. We want to beat on the top-line but we will take it on the operating -- on the other income line as well. I think, share repurchase is one of several alternatives for our cash. Dividends are also a possibility, M&A is also a possibility and several other things. And so, we view this as strategic to the business. And we also believe we’re likely going to be in the 100 million to 150 million range for the quarters to come. So, I think that should be the expectation that you set. It’s what we baked into the guidance that we’ve given.
Frank Pelzer: I’m sorry. What do you mean there? We certainly have got more than our minimum. Yes, we’ve got 1.55 billion.
François Locoh-Donou: Just to complete that on the question. And no, we have not seen an impact outside of the federal government in our broader enterprise business to-date. 
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Yes, we’re expecting an acceleration. Generally, we feel we are on track with this Horizon 1 target. So, for everybody’s benefit, we said in Horizon 1 which is 2019 and 2020, we expected software growth to be in the 30% to 35% range. And we still feel that when you look at these two years in aggregate, that’s where we’re going to be. So, there is going to be an acceleration. The contributors, Samik, in 2019, I do expect Cloud Edition to be a meaningful contributor to that growth. We have seen continued traction with Cloud Edition. We did actually more deals on Cloud Edition just in this past Q1 than we did for all of 2018. So, we are seeing a pick-up there. And I also expect that in 2019, we will see meaningful contributions from our new modes of consumption, specifically, these ELAs, these Enterprise License Agreements and the subscription models which are also gaining traction with our customers. The newer products that will be released in the first half of calendar ‘19, specifically the Cloud-Native app services platform and our F5-as-a-Service, SaaS offering, they will start contributing in 2019, but I would expect that the more meaningful contribution comes in 2020 for these lower propositions. 
François Locoh-Donou: So, generally, we had a soft quarter on service providers in Q1, and we actually expect the softness to prolong for a couple of quarters. The softness was particularly marked more in North America than globally. And I would say that generally what we're seeing is we’re in a bit of a transition between 4G and 5G where we had a number of projects -- 4G related projects that are kind of tailing off, and 5G related projects that haven't yet picked-up. We feel pretty good about our position for 5G because as 5G radios get deployed, we are going to be in line of that traffic. So, we expect to see potentially significant capacity upgrades down the road as that 5G traffic starts hitting the GI core. But, that's not in place yet, and we think we are seeing a bit of a transition from one to the other, and we’re in between. We also saw a couple of projects that we won in quarter that were pushed out that we think will pick up in the next quarter. But, if you look at the broader trend, which we also saw last quarter -- by the way, we’re soft in service providers in Q1 -- sorry, in our Q4, that is kind of a similar trend we’re seeing, this is transition between 4G and 5G.
François Locoh-Donou: I would hope more of it is insight. I generally think we are experiencing -- we are already in the middle of this transition. Paul, of course, there are always areas you can look out and say look, there are areas where in terms of go-to-market we can execute better. In fact, we are in the process of hiring on the frontend of our business. In one area where we are actually doing significant hiring is in the service provider space, both in North America and internationally, because we see strong opportunity. We think that architecturally we are well-positioned. We’ve brought in a new GM, as you know, James Feger a few months back, and we’re getting a lot of clarity around some of the future developments we’re going to make. So, generally, I feel good about where our service provider business is going to go. But, I do think the softness we’re seeing is not going to go away in just a quarter or two. I think we're going to see that for few quarters.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Alex. I'll start and then I will ask Chad Whalen to add in terms of the pick-up with the sales team. Last year, we introduced the ELAs just last year; and really in 2018 we’re essentially experimenting with the sales motion. We’ve now launched it as of November to our sales team and we’re seeing significant excitement and traction with it. In terms of your question around the multiyear outlook for ELAs, I would say we expect over time in our Horizon 2 for a meaningful portion of our software business, if not the majority of the time to be ELA or subscription based. And we will see that we believe both in the enterprise base and to some extent in the service provider -- in the service provider space. So, it is a meaningful and important development for us. It gives our customers a lot more flexibility around where they deploy their licenses. And when they have uncertainty around the lifecycle of an application or the amount of capacity they’ll need for some application, it's a great vehicle for them to deal with that uncertainty, and it also allows them to consume much faster because they don’t have to deal with multiple procurement cycles. So, for the first ELAs that we have signed, we’re actually seeing a good opportunity to expand on those ELAs when we renew them sometimes in 2019.
François Locoh-Donou: Let's start with margins. As you know, our gross margins in hardware are in the early 80s and our gross margins on Cloud-Native software by -- bought as package software are going to be in the early 90s. So, there is not a huge difference. We said in our guidance that in our Horizon 2, which was 2021, 2022, we potentially would see a bit of an uptick in gross margin. We’re in the 85% range now and we would be in the 85% to 87% range in that horizon. As it relates to the price or the top-line impact of it, the equitation is actually fairly simple for us. The hardware today, primarily what our customers consume today before introduction of our Cloud Edition was hardware and Virtual Editions. These have been largely consumed on-prem, though we have a very rapid growth now happening in the cloud. The new package software products that we are releasing, the Cloud Edition that came out last year and this Cloud-Native Application Services platform that's coming out in the first half of ‘19, those are opening up new use cases and allowing us to address applications that we have not addressed in the past that would characterize as the longer tail of applications. The price per unit for each of those applications is going to be less than when you are buying a big unit of hardware, of course, but the volume of applications we can address is much greater. And so, we look at it as an extension of our addressable market. And we think that largely these new platforms address an incremental market and an incremental opportunity for us.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Simon. Look, I will bring you back Simon to what we said at our Analyst Investor Meeting in March. We are pursuing a growth strategy and we laid out what we think the financials are of that growth strategy. And part of that we said is we want to use our cash as a strategic asset to pursue that growth, some of which could be used potentially for acquisitions. And so, we want to have that flexibility if we see opportunities in the market to accelerate our growth or de-risk part of our plan to take the opportunity and use our cash, the strategic asset to do that. And we don’t want to lose that flexibility because that’s the strategy we’re pursuing. 
François Locoh-Donou: Simon, here is what I would share with you about our philosophy as it relates to acquisitions. We feel that we have a significant opportunity to extend our reach in terms of being able to reach every application anywhere. We think the world is becoming more application centric. We believe our growth is going to be linked to applications. And we want to reach every application anywhere. In addition to that, we offer a number of app services today. And we believe we have an opportunity because of our position to offer more application services and extend our role. We will look at acquisitions that allow us to accelerate the expansion of our reach or the expansion of our role. And when you look at it within the context, we may look at things that are what you would call tuck-ins or even acqui hires or small acquisition and-or there may be opportunities for things that are bigger. We’re not constrained and we’re not looking at it just in terms of is it small or big. We’re really looking at it in terms of, is there a strategic fit. The most important thing for me, as we go through and potentially explore these opportunities, is to make sure that we remain disciplined about it, disciplined in terms of course being continuing to focus on organic innovation as our first priority and discipline in making sure that if and when we make an acquisition that we have truly thought through how we create value from having the asset inside of F5 as opposed to outside. And as a result of that we have a very strong value creation plan through a transaction.
François Locoh-Donou: I will take the first question and Kara will take the second one. We generally have a strong fourth quarter on federal. So, we have a good quarter there. We saw specific traction in security in that space, and specifically with our SSL orchestration solution. So, we announced in 2018 that we were coming to market with new solutions to provide encryption, decryption of SSL traffic and build the chain services for security stack inside of large enterprise customers. We’re seeing traction actually across the enterprise base for this, we’re very excited about the pipeline we have for these solution. And our federal team was early off the blocks with the solution. And as a result, we had a pretty strong quarter there.
François Locoh-Donou: So, let's take the three segments that you brought up. So, no, in the federal space, we did not see a slowdown. Frank mentioned to you the situation we have right now where we have one business that cannot be processed but we hope this resolves itself over the next few weeks. So, no change in the federal government space. Largely in the enterprise, if I look at it globally, I would also say that generally there has been no change in buying behavior. We do hear from our customers that they are watching the microenvironment and being a bit cautious about their future plans. But that potential cautiousness hasn’t translated yet into any change in buying behavior as being general enterprise space across the globe. In the service provider space, as I said, it was a -- I believe the transition we’re seeing between 4G and 5G and specifics to what we are seeing in terms of projects tailing off and net new projects haven’t really picked up yet. There wasn’t a particular linearity. As we know, the service provider business can be quite lumpy. So, there wasn’t a particular linearity in the quarter associated with that.
François Locoh-Donou: So, we participate potentially in several ways in 5G but the first way is we’re in line of a lot of the core traffic for mobile service providers. And 5G, really those are going to bring more traffic on to this core. And so, we expect to see capacity upgrades, as a result of these deployments. When the architectures evolve to a different 5G core and not every service provider will go through a 5G core but when the architectures evolve to that, I think we will have an opportunity to expand our role, and we will get into that in future calls. But, generally, we see ourselves having a probably an expanded role in 5G from what we have to-date.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So, a couple of things, Tal. The first thing, if we’re looking at it in the context of 2019 are actually products and solutions that we’ve brought to market in the six months that are going to ramp up through the year. And I would point to three. One is, our Advanced Web Applications Firewall gaining a lot of traction. We had actually a very strong security quarter. We are specifically -- as you know bot defense has become a very important theme for both service providers and enterprises. And our performance and differentiation on bot is unique and we believe unmatched in the industry. That’s one and that’s -- we offer that on our Advanced WAF today. And we’re bringing more features and products around bot defense throughout the year. Second is Cloud Edition, I’ve talked about that. That will also continue to ramp throughout the year. And third is the new security offering around SSL orchestration. We had that offering in the past but it was an offering that required significant involvement of professional services. We just released the solution that can be deployed much faster and much easier by our customers and we’re seeing enormous traction with our solution. So I expect all of these things to contribute to 2019. I expect our NFV operating that we also released in the fourth quarter of 2018 to contribute to our numbers in the service provider space in 2019. And then we’re going to release new products that I talked about, in the first half of 2019, which will start to contribute but again will have a bigger in 2020. When you work at it in aggregate, to use your term, Tal, on the supply side, I think we have an exciting pipeline of products and offerings that are going to contribute to the top line going forward.
François Locoh-Donou: So, specifically, so, we’re dismissive of any of our competitor, however small they may be. And so, in the case of Avi, we don’t see them that often. When we do see them we actually like our win rate. And that's -- we probably haven't seen them as much because we haven't played in the long tail of applications as much as we are going to be playing in the long tail of applications in 2019. And as I mentioned earlier, both on our Cloud Edition and the Cloud-Native App Services platform that Kara described, we’re bringing to the market a per app consumption model as well as really lightweight, nimble, Cloud-Native combined with our overall capabilities and service and support and scale, and a heritage of two decades of supporting mission-critical applications for our customers. And we don’t think anybody is going to match that anytime soon. And so, we actually feel very confident about competing with them, when we see them, because again, it's frankly not a very frequent occurrence. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Rod. So, this one is difficult one, as you can imagine. I would tell you, if you look at our expansion of reach and role, you will see that expanding our reach revolves more around software and cloud; and expanding our role revolves more around other application services that we might want to offer. And so, those would be, if you think about the horizon and the way we look at world and the filters we use, those are the filters that I would give you today for what we might do if in fact we find something that is of interest to us.
