Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I truly cannot thank you enough for your partnership and counsel over the last six years. You have been an integral part of our executive leadership team with an immeasurable impact on F5. Your deep knowledge of software and SaaS-led businesses was instrumental to F5's successful transition to a software-led company. You have been a tireless advocate for F5, our business and our employees and an extraordinary partner and friend. I know it's not goodbye at this point, but I really want to thank you here and now. I will also echo your comments about Cooper. I have worked very closely with Cooper in my tenure at F5 and have enormous confidence in his ability to succeed you in the CFO role. In conclusion, I will reiterate that F5 is uniquely positioned to help our customers as they move forward in a hybrid and multi-cloud reality that brings with it untenable operational complexity, considerable cost and escalating security risks. As large enterprises across the globe are modernizing their IT infrastructures and driving IT cost optimization, they also are developing comprehensive AI strategies for their businesses. F5 is proving itself an invaluable partner in this modernization process and in enabling our customers to ready their IT infrastructure to leverage AI at scale. F5 is optimizing application security, delivery, management and performance across hybrid, multi-cloud environments with enhanced automation and meaningful operational efficiencies. Going forward, and especially as we enter the era of AI-driven applications. We believe customers will require a hybrid SaaS platform that covers all of their app security and delivery needs regardless of form factor. This is the world we have invested for and as customers gain more confidence in their IT budgets and priorities, we believe we are well-positioned to capture our share of their spend. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Tim, it's Francois. Look, I think we have seen hardware stabilize over the last several quarters as customers have digested inventory. And over the last several quarters, we have seen a number of customers still sweating their assets in the current macro-environment, but we're starting to see that change. And so for this year, we are about at the levels we think we're going to be this year. But going into next year, our view is that there -- the demand signals on hardware are pretty good. And so our expectations is that hardware, next year, will certainly not decline, possibly could be up relative to this year. And it's driven by a few use cases, Tim. Number one is we have a strong pipeline of tech refresh activity and this is largely from customers that have digested their inventory or customers that were sweating assets and no longer can do that at this point. And we're starting to see that the close rates on this pipeline are going to be pretty strong. Specifically in the service provider space where they have sweated assets very aggressively, we're now starting to see large programs come up again for CapEx in hardware in service provider. And also, we're starting to see AI as a catalyst on the horizon for hardware. So, specifically for the few large enterprises or service providers that are building large AI factories. And one of the big issues in building these large GPU clusters, obviously, is the cost of training these models. And our technology specifically are high capacity, high performance, traffic management technology, BIG-IP is perfectly suited to improve the efficiencies of these large AI factories and thereby reduce the cost of them. So we have already won a couple of opportunities in this area. We think it's going to take time to develop, but we're starting to see that as well as a potential positive catalyst for FY 2025.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Meta. So the comments I just made were specific to hardware where, in fact, we have seen a stronger pipeline of tech refresh. But generally, our pipeline has been strong and that applies as well to NGINX and Distributed Cloud. Where this come from, Meta, is we've talked about the ball of fire and you've heard this term, but generally, our enterprise customers are really in a crisis because to be able to deliver the digital experiences that they have to deliver, they have to operate in these hybrid and multi-cloud environments and the complexity of these environments is escalating. So to give you an example, if you go back a year ago, we had about 20% of our customers that operated in more than six infrastructure environments and that has doubled in the last year to now 40% of our customers operating in these environments. And that creates a risk because of inconsistent security policies between this cloud and that cloud in this on-prem environment. It drives up operational cost, it forces them to use multiple vendors where they could use less vendors or consolidate on one. And all of these constitute this daunting complexity that we are on a mission to simplify. And so it's really the portfolio that we have put together with NGINX, Distributed Cloud and BIG-IP that creates effectively a single platform that can extinguish this ball of fire and really simplify hybrid and multi-cloud environments for our customers. In my prepared remarks also, I mentioned a couple of examples of that. We had a big security company that was using BIG-IP and used Distributed Cloud to augment their footprint and standardize their security across multiple environments, leveraging the portfolio of F5. So the pipeline that we're seeing across these product lines is really an effect of hybrid and multi-cloud complexity, being very present for our customers and us having multiple products to really address that complexity and simplify the operations of our customers.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. I'll take that one. And what we're seeing in Bot, so in the Bot Management solution that is a high-end managed service. And it is a point solution. This is where Frank was sharing that we have been challenged on this area because it is a point solution and it is at the high end of the managed services scale. And we're seeing the majority of customers actually see enormous value in the solution and are renewing their subscription. But some customers not only want a lower end solution but also want to have a platform and have Bot as part of a platform bundle. And so our plan has been to migrate and take that technology, take the most sophisticated Bot technology that is on the market that we now have and integrate that technology onto our F5 Distributed Cloud platform. And so we now have Bot as part of F5 Distributed Cloud, our SaaS solution and we are now commercializing Bot as part of that bundle. In fact -- and we're getting quite a bit of traction on that. In fact, if you look at our WAAP as a service customers so those are customers that would buy a bundle that includes WAF, Bot, API security and DDoS, any one combination of these four services. The number of WAAP as a service customers that we have has doubled over the last year, but those are WAAP customers on our platform using the bundle. So it's really a transition, Jim, from a point solution at the high end to a solution that's part of a platform and part of a bundle, which is where I think our customers want to go.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. I'll start with the question on the transition in the SaaS business. Things are progressing pretty much the way we expected to. Indeed, we have about $65 million of legacy in the $200 million ARR that we shared in October. We -- some of this is products that we have retired and other is services that we intend to migrate to our Distributed Cloud platform. Those migrations have started. We are early in the curve. We did say it would be a two-year journey. So we are early in the process, but the migration are starting and largely going to plan. What we're seeing in that business is, A, on the -- as Frank mentioned earlier, on the -- at the high end of the Bot Manager business, we are seeing there some churn because we're seeing a lot of customers renewing, but some customers not renewing, wanting to move to lower-end solution or platform-based solutions. But on the flip side, in our SaaS platform on Distributed Cloud, we are seeing strong growth, strong new customer adoption, and that's driven by the bundle of offerings that we have in the platform. I mentioned WAAP earlier as an incredible offering, but it's also -- that traction is also driven by API security. So securing APIs is becoming a really big challenge for enterprises. You'll hear more about this in quarters and years to come because AI is going to make the importance of API security even greater. But we're seeing significant traction in this area in part because we have built the most comprehensive API security solution that goes from code scanning to comprehensive discovery of APIs all the way to protecting these APIs. And so it's eliminating weeks on end of manual testing and analysis in a solution that automates all of that. The -- and so the traction we're seeing is year-on-year. The number of API customers, API security customers that we have has tripled since last year. So those are the dynamics in the SaaS and managed services business.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Alex. Let me take you through two questions. Let me start with your question on our sales -- on the sales side and staffing level. So at the highest level, I will tell you our attrition in sales is well below industry norms and has been that way for a while, in part because of the culture we nurture at F5 and the very strong leadership team that we have in the sales organization. We have an extraordinary sales team at F5. I am very proud of the sales team we have, the relationship that we have with large enterprise customers across our sales organizations and the way that this organization is serving our customers. I'm actually proud that competitors are trying to poach a person here or there, but it takes way more than a couple of hires to recreate the enterprise go-to-market model that we have built over 20-plus years, not just with our own field teams, but also with our several 1,000 channel partners that get up every day and to go promote F5 and build relationship with customers. So I feel very, very confident about our go-to-market organization and very confident about our competitiveness in continuing to hire and retain the best salespeople on the market. Then as a -- as it really to your second question around how to think about outlook for F5, yes, it is a big positive. The dynamic you mentioned around where customers are at in their application rationalization is a big positive for F5 because our business is driven by the number of applications, the complexity of applications and also where -- the distribution of applications. And so increasingly, what we are seeing, Alex, is that customers have to place their application in multiple infrastructure environments. I mentioned a stat earlier, about 40% of organizations operating in more than six infrastructure environments. That creates flexibility for customers, but on the other hand, it creates massive complexity. And we have built the only platform in the industry that can truly secure and deliver and optimize any of these applications or API regardless of where they're at. We truly are the only infrastructure-agnostic player in the market, in app security and delivery. And so this distribution of application which will accelerate with AI, right, is a big positive for us. And it will accelerate with AI because as you know, AI has the issue of data gravity. Models want to be close to where the data is, inference needs to run where inference is going to run. And so we're seeing also more distribution of apps and app components with AI. Again, that plays to the F5's capability in solving this ball of fire problem.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I mean, anecdotally, I think you are right in the sense that I have heard, again, anecdotally from a couple of customers where in the short term in terms of coping with these price increases, they have had to pull budget and into the VMware Broadcom situation. I have not seen that as a very significant trends across a large base of customers. And I also think it's a fairly short-term reaction to what's going on with -- I think that will settle out a little differently down the road. So that's perhaps the only validation that I have for the anecdote you just raised.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So the -- if you pull way up, Simon, in terms of AI, the big trends that are emerging, the big issues are, number one, cost and number two, security or safety and security. So let me talk to each for a moment. The cost issue, it's first with the companies, there are few digital innovators that are building large AI factories and they're investing massive amounts in these GPU clusters, but there is a challenge around the utilization of these GPUs. And so our high capacity data ingestion capability, our high capacity load balancing solutions are a perfect fit to increase the efficiency of these AI factories or low balance traffic between multiple AI clusters, thereby reducing the cost per query, if you will, of these infrastructures. And so there we see an immediate opportunity with existing products for the companies that are building these kinds of factories, where I think the opportunity shifts in the long term is for all enterprises who will deploy an AI in their environments and who will want to run inference in their environment. A big issue is going to be how do you secure these AI models and we believe that APIs are absolutely key -- securing APIs is the key to securing data and securing AI workloads. And for that reason, we have placed significant investment in API security. And I mentioned earlier that we are already seeing year-on-year a tripling of the number of API security customers that we have. That has not been driven by AI yet, but we expect AI to be a substantial catalyst on that solution going forward.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think we talked about the dynamics, the dynamics of hardware and software and what we see as the catalyst for hardware in next year. But I should say, we don't preference -- we've been very clear about that over the last several years that part of the value that our customers see in F5 relative to other players is that we don't force them to adopt one delivery model or the other. We are advisors and we help them make the right choices, but we don't force them. And I think especially relative to SaaS players who come into large enterprises and are asking them to change the way they do business to go adopt talent solutions, we're completely different in the sense that we meet our customers where they are. And if that is starting with hardware and modernizing with software or hybrid hardware-software solution or it's leveraging hardware or software in their environment and then SaaS for a certain number of applications, we meet our customers where they're at and we provide them flexibility and choice that is unparalleled in the industry. And that differentiates us from either the traditional ADC vendors that have historically only have hardware-software clients or the pure SaaS infrastructure players that do not have hardware-software consumption models and therefore want to force customers to do something different. And that doesn't work for large enterprises either. So we -- that is really how we go to market. And in terms of how will that manifest itself in terms of hardware and software next year and we will see. We've got good catalysts on hardware. We think our software is going to continue to grow. We did say that we expected to return to double-digit growth in software next year. We still feel that way. And so that's where we are overall in the mix of these solutions. But the most important for our customers is the combination of both and meeting them where they are to modernize their environment and solve their ball of fire problem.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So it's both. It's a combination of both. We've shared, I think, earlier in the year that about two-thirds of our distributed cloud customers are BIG-IP customers or existing F5 customers and about one-third are net new customers to F5, they have never had a relationship with F5. So we're also acquiring new logos with Distributed Cloud. However, as it relates to customers with whom we are cross-selling, sometimes it is customers who had to go to a pure SaaS player before F5 had a SaaS solution. And so therefore had to increase their complexity because they would use F5 on-prem and they would either use a public cloud player for some applications or a CDN or edge player for applications, thereby creating complexity and multiplicity of vendors. And now that we have F5 Distributed Cloud and we've built some integrations, they are coming back to us saying, actually, I can have a single vendor for all of my application deliver and security. I can have consistent security across all my environments. That is way simpler for me and therefore, that's a better solution for me. So yes, at times, this is displacing SaaS players essentially that had gone into the environment. And sometimes it is greenfield. It's a set of applications that they were perhaps not yet protecting and for which Distributed Cloud comes with our full application security bundle and solves a big problem of security and complexity for them.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Tim. So thanks so much for the kind wishes and thanks so much for the question. Yes, Cooper is going to do a great job in the role. On the software in particular, as you know, we will update some of the ARR-type metrics at the end of Q4. So I don't want to get too much into that. But I would say that when we take a look at an NRR, it still is world-class across the business. The subscription renewals in particular continue to be quite strong with some expansion. We, obviously, talked about a little bit of a challenge in the bot business, which is helping us somewhat in that number. But what really was strong was the new business activity, which we see in the pipeline, in some cases, we see it in hardware and it converts into a software deal through the course of the negotiations. But more broadly, it was the -- guidance that we had given was really based off not necessarily expecting a lot of new business activity. And in the quarter, you obviously saw that we ended up at the top end of our guidance. So you can sort of extrapolate that into a lift in new business activity.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, absolutely. I appreciate the question, Jim. So look, we'll have more to say in October about FY '25. We're not updating anything as of now for FY '25. My starting point would still be go back to what I said in October of a mid-single digit growth off of a flat-to-low single digit FY '24. And you'll probably triangulate around to the number where we are. We are still in the process of our FY '25 planning process. What we absolutely will do is deliver 35% operating margin off of that revenue number. And that is largely based off of the confidence that we've got in the subscription renewals and how they are playing out. The one thing that I'd probably add is if you take a look as I just want to make sure there's no confusion as we look ahead into next year versus maybe what happened in this quarter, we do expect more of that growth to come in the back half of FY '25 because of just where we see the subscription renewals and the larger ones really happening in the back half of '25. And so I would expect the first half to be relatively flat, maybe slightly up depending on what happens with some of the new business activity and if that momentum continues. But more of that growth is going to come in the back half of FY '25 of what we did in FY '24. So I just want to directionally give you that's the way we're thinking about the business.
Frank Pelzer: And Michael, on the maintenance question, this is the maintenance associated with our perpetual hardware and software. And as most people know, our global service organization is world-class, they do an amazing job in all the customer relationships and they lead -- that has led to significant, very high attach rates throughout those products for a long period of time, frankly, on some of those products. And so what we have seen over time is that, generally, the discounts that we offer for those services upfront. Over time, we try to recoup some of that discount rate as each renewal cycle goes through. And what we found is that, with our super-high attach rate, the quality of the service that we delivered and the fact that we are a very cash-generative company, we don't really need three years of cash upfront to lock in those customers. The service does it itself, the product does itself. And so we did need to continue to incentivize through higher discounts and multi-year maintenance agreements and have strategically moved away from that. So that was really the comment in relation to the deserve -- the deferred revenue associated with our services business.
