Frank Pelzer: So, Tim, in terms of the true forward and the subscriptions that we are seeing, our average in both the year two and year three, we are ahead of where our internal plan was in the sort of low double digits uplift that we see in years two and years three. Our utilization that we are seeing in the contract in year one is actually pulling in by a month in the last quarter and all of this gives us increased conviction in our software as we head into FY 2022. 
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So, hey, Samik. A couple of factors that I will note. One is, obviously with the revenue outperformance we got natural commission expense and other things that go forwards higher expenses and what we would have otherwise modeled at the beginning of the year.  We also obviously absorbed Volterra into this model where we said we are not going to change our operating plan but we were going to absorb those expenses and that’s exactly what we did. And then, just other gives and takes that put us I think more in the midpoint of that 31% to 32% range not at the low end from our expectation. 
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Absolutely right. So, it seems like we keep saying that that we had yet another record number of multi-year subscription agreements that bring in deferred revenue into that long-term bucket. Also we had a very strong Shape quarter, as well as other things that have got multi-year contracts. I believe the average duration on most of those was 2.5 to 3 years. And so, that’s what you are seeing growth in the long-term deferred revenue. 
Frank Pelzer: Yes, it’s the right way to think about it. And there is also an additional component with 606. So, the reason why that lapping is important than what you see in 2019 as opposed to the previous quarters and why I have said for the past probably six or seven quarters that in the back half of FY’22 is going to be interesting and when things start to look more consistent and the revenue growth is that, once you actually sign those new term subscription agreements, there is a whole new revenue recognition component associated with that.  And so the true-forwards are interesting. But that becomes the new baseline in which the new deal is signed. And then, in those three year agreement, 63% of that comes to product in the quarter that it is signed and the balance of that is ratably deferred into the services revenue bucket over the course of that three years.  And then, the true-forwards obviously have got an additive component to the product revenue in years two and years three. But that lapping year is actually when you see more pick up in the product revenue on the software side. 
Frank Pelzer: Yes, I’ll speak to the metrics question and let François take the back half. We continued to evaluate additional disclosures of metrics. I can’t make any promises of when that’s going to come. But we continue to think about what’s going to be the most stronger for the uses of our financial statements. 
Frank Pelzer: Alex, and then, for the second part of your question, I would love that apps to work for all of our software bases, it does actually for the SaaS ratable piece of our software base. But with the adoption of 606 for our term subscription based model that one evens out a bit closer to the perpetual and subscription revenue recognition.  And so, that has – your math does work as that SaaS portion of our revenue continues to grow and the ratably recognized portion. But it's not completely apples-to-apples for all of those [Indiscernible].
Frank Pelzer: Fahad, it’s Frank. It was 78% this quarter, 73% the year ago quarter and we don't split out those components at this point. But I do appreciate the question.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. So, let me start on software. Yes, we are – as Frank just said, our conviction in our growth in software continues to increase and continues to get stronger for a couple of reasons. The first is, we are indeed seeing very strong utilization of our multi-year subscription agreement getting better visibility into expansion and true forwards.  And so far, what we are seeing on expansion true forwards and even our renewal that the performance of these aspects of our software business is well ahead of our own internal targets. So, that is an important part of our confidence. But the second part is, on our confidence is that, we also have some catalyst in our software business that are starting to play out as we thought they would and perhaps even better.  If you look at NGINX, the momentum of adoption of NGINX is accelerating in part because we have a larger set of products and modules on NGINX from the investments we made a year-and-a-half ago. So, the Controller App Protect, the security piece on NGINX moving into API gateways, those are growing the addressable markets for NGINX and some of these catalysts haven’t even played out and will play into 2022.  We see growing demand for security, including Shape, and a lot of that is consumed in software. And BIG-IP is also growing in software, as I said, in public cloud and public cloud environment. So, if you combine all these, you answer that that we see a 5G opportunity that’s in software in 2022 for the 5G core. Those are all catalysts that we’ll continue to drive the growth that we expect to see in software.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Rod. Well, we are not, as you know, we are not guiding hardware and software separately every quarter. We’ve said that we would drive about 35% software growth. For the year, we feel confident that we are going to do that. And more importantly, I always look at this as an overall trend for our software business.  For Horizon 2, we said that our trend in our software growth would be 35% to 40% and we still feel that that’s what the range is going to be for growth for FY’21 and FY’22. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, absolutely. I think the only thing I would add is, with the same methodology that we use and given guidance for the – since we’ve been talking about our software business, and the back half of the year when that was looking like a pretty good uplift when we were talking last quarter. I think we bridged that quite well this quarter and leaving ourselves obviously plenty of room on the 35% for the full year.  And so, when we take a look, we take a look at the components that we know are coming in from the SaaS businesses, the true-forwards, and the pipeline activity of what we see. 
François Locoh-Donou: And then, Jim, on the second part where the traction is coming from, there are two areas that I would point to you that’s driving this increase in subscription revenues.  One is security. We had a very strong quarter with Shape and in certain verticals, retail, financial services, the tech verticals, online gaming where we are – the customers have a heightened sense of the fact environment and awareness of the fact vectors and we are able to mitigate a lot of automated effects.  But not just mitigate Bot attacks but also more – it increasingly full filed that our traffic more intelligently leveraging Shape’s AI technology, which resulted in improved customer experience. And so, it’s making us really sticky in these environments and in these verticals.  The second thing in security is, we are seeing SecOps teams and DevOps teams increasingly wanting to deploy security earlier in the lifecycle of an application. And that points to the security capabilities or a size that we ported on NGINX. And so we think NGINX security start driving growth in our security portfolio. And since both Shape and NGINX are driving subscription-based revenue, you are seeing that increase there.  Then the second area I would point to is just more general adoption of modern application. One of the things that we are seeing over the last six months and I think it’s accelerated this quarter is, Kubernetes is going into production. A lot of customers have done development and test with the micro services container-based applications and they are now looking to scale these applications.  In a lot of cases, they are running into trouble and NGINX has all the capabilities to help them scale their Kubernetes clusters and it’s driving an acceleration in NGINX adoption in addition to the fact that NGINX now has multiple products controller, API gateway, et cetera. So, when you look at these factors, it’s accelerating adoption in NGINX.  One of the – I think the most obvious manifestations of this is, we have very strong momentum with NGINX, not in just any customer, but in our top 1,000 customers, the penetration of NGINX is growing and very strong.  In fact, just this quarter, if you look at – Frank said, we had a record number of multi-year subscription agreements and NGINX was part of more than half of those multi-year subscription agreements for the first time. So, it points both to the growth we are seeing with NGINX and Shape, but it also points to what I said earlier around the powerful alignment of our portfolio to the hybrid challenges that our customers face.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So, Meta, let me start with Shape. So, last quarter, we did mention we had some proof-of-concepts that were taking a long time and that was exacerbated by the fact that customers are not in the office. And so, are pulling off this proof-of-concept and reducing the length of the sales cycle was difficult. We still have that issue.  And I would say, for customers that are not under any kind of immediate significant pain and can take their time to make their decision. That is still a factor and we hope that factor succeeds in the coming quarters, but it's still there. On the other hand, we also have a number of customers who are either under attack and need an immediate solution and oftentimes the solution they have in place are not effective enough for sophisticated attacks. Or they have a heightened sense that they are on borrowed time and need to put in place the most effective mitigation possible and for those types of customers the sales cycle is pretty rapid.  And in this quarter, we had more of these customers come to us. I would say there is also a maturing of the go-to-market, with teams being able to identify the verticals where this is mostly the case and focus their efforts. So, that's why the traction on Shape is accelerating. And then on your second part, Meta, on the cloud vertical, we don't break it down on sort of on the quarterly basis in terms of quantifying exactly how much that is. But, here is what I would say. When we look at where F5 is growing the fastest at the moment. If you take all companies that are either are in technology or in ecommerce or whose products are digital services.  So it would include all the cloud providers, then the SaaS providers. If you put all of these in a bucket, this is the area of the business for F5 that is growing the fastest at the moment and it's implicit why that because all digital services are growing rapidly and the consumption of these services are growing rapidly.  And that's driving growth for us across our entire portfolio Shape, NGINX and BIG-IP are all benefiting from that. And I would note that it's an interesting trend, because again if you go back four years ago where you would have thought that the tech companies who are perhaps the most aggressive at moving to the cloud, adopting cloud-native and container-enabled architectures would not be the customers that would stay on BIG-IP appliances and where you would have expected perhaps F5’s momentum to be less in the future. It's the complete opposite now where our momentum in that sort of vertical is very strong.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hey, Alex. I'll take the first part and Frank will take the second part. In terms of conversion of NGINX to NGINX Plus, so, as you noted, Alex, NGINX is getting a lot of traction. It’s now the most deployed web server in the world with north of 500 million websites using the technology. And so, yes, an important motion with NGINX is the conversion to NGINX Plus.  We have steadily gotten better about that in two ways. Number one is, because there is a broader set of products that can be offered either as part of NGINX Plus or in conjunction with NGINX Plus, the security capabilities, the API Gateway and now a controller that makes it much easier to deploy and manage these instances. There are more reasons for customers using opensource to want to have access to the commercial capability. And then, the second part is, what we have found out is, number of large enterprises, customers are not aware of how many opensource instances they have, how many versions they have, and/or they underestimate by sometimes a factor of 10 x the number of NGINX open source instances we have. And so, we've been able to bring to them a new technology, we call it an NGINX Instance Manager that allows them to discover the opensource instances that they have.  And oftentimes prompts them to look at that portfolio and ensure that it has the right support and oftentimes into NGINX Plus to have other access to better features and better versions. So, that's kind of the - what we are seeing in terms of better conversion rates on NGINX. But I would say, we are also getting Greenfield deployments with folks who did not have NGINX opensource in their portfolio.  Because as I said before, scaling these Kubernetes clusters and scaling these container-based applications is a challenge for many customers and what they find is NGINX is a platform that consolidate a lot of functionalities into one platform. And so, they don't have to deal with five or seven different vendors for different capabilities. So, all of that is why we are seeing that traction.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Fahad, I don't know if I will get to what I think you want, which is an average of the true-ups or expansion that we are seeing at renewal with our customers. But let me just give you a few data points. So first of all, our subscription offers really started in earnest in 2019. And so, we are in the very early stages of going through these certainly the renewal of the multi-year subscriptions that now expired and gone to three years.  In terms of the ones that have gone through one year and so we've already had a chance to do the true-up. We are generally seeing expansion in consumption that is very healthy. So we are very happy about that. One of the things, Fahad, that we have worked on and I think now we're getting to a very good position is, in the first year it used to take a long time for customers get to get to 400% utilization of what they had committed to.  I think the first sort of deals we did, it took north of 20 months for customers to get to that. We have steadily brought that down to now customers in roughly five months or so get to 400% utilization of their subscription and so beyond then they expand. So we are gaining very healthy consumption and as a result very healthy true-ups. Renewals, it's early days. But I can tell you, we have had some renewals where we were close to 3x what they had committed two of the - in the first multi-year subscription. Of course, not all of them are that way. But it's just to give you a range of what we see there. So, those are some of the things that give us good – better visibility into next year and good confidence and continued growth.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Amit, the - what's driving the systems growth, I think, there are few micro factors in the sense that I think the IT spending environment right now is fairly healthy. And there is also a lot of consumption of digital services by consumers and that in turn is fueling growth in application, so, growth in demand for application.  I would say that is kind of the biggest micro factor, because what we see is a lot of our customers when they are refreshing their appliances, they don't go just for a refresh, they go for refresh and capacity expansion. And sometimes it's capacity expansion and transformation because they want to move in a private cloud environment.  And that's driven by there just more traffic and more usage of it even they are traditional applications. We see, as I said earlier, growth with digital and SaaS service providers and for them the growth comes from – they are sometimes their services, the demand for their services, whether it's collaboration platforms or ecommerce platforms or even SaaS providers, the demand for their services are growing rapidly and we are built into their infrastructure. And so that drives demand for our hardware, our systems into their infrastructure. And I would say, generally, there is also a fundamental change in stance, Amit, from go back three, four years ago, I would regularly hear from customers four years ago, look we don't want to buy more hardware, because we're going to move everything to the cloud. We are going to be out of our datacenters.  We've got to figure out our architecture and at the time we said there was a pause because people were thinking their architecture. There is not a single CIO that has told me this in the last twelve months. Every one of them – I think a lot of people have learned from the first implementations in public cloud, sometimes the cost and time associated with refactoring applications.  And generally, I think people are more comfortable that they are going to be in a hybrid environment for a very, very long time to come. It's not forever. And so they are comfortable growing their on-prem presence with hardware where it makes sense and leveraging the public cloud for other initiatives. And I think that that halo, that environment is very different than it was four years ago. And then, the last factor that has an impact on our systems business, Amit, is security. I said earlier that we had very strong growth in SaaS security with Shape subscription, security with NGINX. But we also have very healthy double-digit growth in hardware security and that's because the – all of these apps need to be secured and customers are aware of the risks. So they are moving forward with application security.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. It’s the - potentially a possible scenario. I would separate though, when you look at our software business, you've got NGINX and Shape. And I don't think there is any relationship between the growth of that part of our software portfolio and the growth in hardware.  When you look at BIG-IP per se, this is where we have seen and we try to continue to see some customers that we would have expected to have moved to software form factor right now that are delaying or reconsidering in part because of COVID, in part because of the immediate demand that they see on their application.  So that's where there is a – I would say there is some level of give and get on hardware and software. But overall, the software transition for us is absolutely accretive to the business and right now the drivers that we are seeing in our hardware business, we feel there are couple of one-offs that we talked about last time around our EOSB of seven products. But I would say the majority of the drivers we're seeing right now are pretty sustainable.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Okay. Well, Simon, it's a great question and I think specifically, in our hardware business, I think the elements of folks. And you are asking me which one is the 80:20. And I don't know that I have a good answer for you. I would say, yes. There is some of the aspects that are - I would say, cyclical is; A, I think the spending environment right now is healthy.  I think there is a little bit of a catch-up demand from – in our case FY’19 and FY ‘20 where people were kind of very cautious in the early parts of the pandemic and I think those two are somewhat cyclical. I think the aspects that are more durable are things like what we are seeing in the tech sector where I think the demand for digital services is just going to continue to grow and I don't see that stopping anytime soon.  And I think, generally, demand for traditional applications in hybrid infrastructure is also going to continue to be solid and I think that's the durable piece. And then the last element that's durable is security. I said we have healthy double-digit growth in hardware security and I think demand for security is going to continue for the foreseeable future.  So, both elements are part of what we are seeing right now and I think, time will tell I think in a couple of more quarters just to see how much of each is contributing.
