Andrew Reinland: Thank you, Ittai. Good questions. Both are actually related. I'll start with the first one on the confidence we have going into 2018. Look, what we're seeing is, there is potential great drivers of product revenue growth that are actually long-term drivers for the company where we are doing very, very well. And that's the case for what we've seen in the virtual ADC market, with our virtual addition, we grew 35% both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year for the full-year 2016 versus 2017, and we think that's a long-term trend. Our business in the public cloud more than doubled both year-over-year and also in the quarter, and we continue to see very strong growth in our security offerings. So these drivers, we think, are emerging trends that are becoming meaningful and are longer-term for the company, so we are very excited about that. That is actually linked to your second question around the realignment of resources that we made in the fourth quarter. Essentially, we decided to raise the intensity and focus on these areas that are growth areas for the company. And so we're doubling down on our investments in public cloud and in security. We're also doubling down in our investments in the virtual ADC space. And so these are realignments that we made both in our product groups, essentially in our R&D function, but we also made some adjustments at the front-end of the business. So in the global sales organization, we made some adjustments to focus more resources on our cloud enablement partners and also add security specialists. We're doing similar things with our marketing organizations focusing on these programs that target potential growth in the cloud. And so the timing of these adjustments is why you're seeing a sequential decline in head count, but we are going to be aggressive about hiring in these areas where we see potential growth.
Andrew Reinland: No, and we generally don't give guidance on product and services, but I will say to the earlier question of our confidence, our services business as we look out, we feel pretty good about. I mean, we think that's going to be a key component of that sequential growth off of this Q1. Beyond that, there's nothing I would give you to model. Yeah.
Andrew Reinland: And then on the verticals, generally, we don't guide on that, but what I will say is, if we look at government and in particular Fed, that was a little bit disappointing to us this quarter, given what we normally do in a Q4. And I wouldn't expect that to repeat again as I look out to next year. We have some good initiatives in service provider, that I think as we look out, could have very positive impact in that area and both on a roadmap side as well – we'll talk about that probably more in March, both on that side as well as just go-to-market. In the enterprise, we continue to feel good about is our lead story. So...
Andrew Reinland: The other thing, George, just for clarity, the subscription offerings then the utility offerings are available only for our software and solutions. So think about that available for virtual additions either on-premise or in the public cloud, but it only applies to that portion of our business.
Andrew Reinland: No, it wasn't. In fact, as we dissect it, we kind of see two dynamics in that area of our business, which we had a late approval of budget, which seem to impact the extensive process of getting POs through. And then unique to the Fed space is, once the fiscal year ends, the process has to start all over again. It's not like rolling into next quarter. And then generally, just the buying environment seems – there's enough uncertainty there that we were seeing that impact the business. Hopefully, we will see things firm up there that we won't see a dynamic like that next year. But you're right in your percentage down, and we were disappointed in that.
Andrew Reinland: And one thing I would add, Tal, is to the discussion around this transition to software impacting, we grew 35% this year, and interestingly enough, through the year our average order size has stayed pretty consistent. In fact, in Q4, it went up from last quarter, it was $115,000 up to $122,000. So we still see this dynamic where if they go with software, though the price point for the software is lower than maybe the appliances they were looking at, they tend to buy more instances of the virtual addition, and we see that offset. So and that's coming through in the average order size. So we'll see how this plays out as we go forward, but that's what we're seeing so far.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. You know, we don't generally break it out, but I wouldn't assume any different pattern than we've seen historically with services in December.
François Locoh-Donou: I think what we look at, Ittai, is when we look at our public cloud business, there are two components to that. One component is essentially existing customers that are migrating workloads with us to the public cloud. And generally, we have a very strong attach rate. When our customers are migrating workloads where we have been supporting them, we have a very strong attach rate than when we were migrating to the public cloud with them. But we also see net new customers that go and start buying from F5 directly on our virtual addition in the public cloud. And when I mentioned growth earlier in my comments, both areas of our public cloud business have been growing. The other area that we'll look at is, as we make our virtual offerings more scalable, lighter weight, and we continue to enhance the management and orchestration story around these offerings, we think we're going to be able to address more applications within our own customer base that we are not supporting today. And again, that's an incremental business opportunity for F5.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Jim. Generally I would say there were two aspects of the situation in Europe that we mentioned last quarter. One was more macro, and I think we also said there were some elements that were linked to what we felt was our own execution in the region. On the macro environment, which included the Brexit situation and also some regulatory uncertainty, there hasn't been a fundamental change. Some of these regulations we think get taken care of in the first half of next year. But we still think at a macro level there is quite a bit of uncertainty in Europe. In terms of our own execution, as part of the realignment that we mentioned, we did indeed make substantial changes in the formation and shape of our resources in Europe. And we have started to see some benefits from that. We think we had good execution in Europe this quarter. So we're cautiously optimistic about how we're executing in Europe, but we're still going through some changes. So we want to be cautious about what we see in the next few quarters in the region.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah, thank you, George. So, George, just in terms of timing, to start with that, we have made available our subscription offerings to our customers on a large scale in Q4, and we're doing the same with our Enterprise License Agreements now. So we're pretty excited about offering this new type of consumption of our technology for our customers, because essentially it gives them more flexibility. And what we're hearing from our customers is they want more flexibility in the way they deploy and scale our technologies and also the way they pay for it, because for some applications there is uncertainty around how fast these applications are going to scale, how much throughput they're going to need, how long an application is going to be in production for. And giving them more flexibility just allows them to put our technology in front of more applications. So the real, the industrial logic for us is twofold. It's one is serving the needs of our customers and, b, is the opportunity potentially to serve more applications in more places, that includes on-prem, in private clouds and in public clouds. We are seeing this issue of multi-cloud become a big issue for our customers and we're doing a number of things to enable them to consume security and ADC offerings across multiple environments, and we see that as a big driver of adopting F5 as a solution.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Mike. Let me start with your second question. Is product revenue growth a priority for the company? Absolutely. And some of the investments and realignments that we've made in the quarter are all about making sure that we maximize the resources that we're putting in front of the highest growth opportunity areas for the company. And essentially what we've done is, we're not changing our operating model. We have strong profitability and we continue to drive that. But we are moving significant investments toward these high-priority areas for product revenue growth. So that absolutely continues to be a priority. In terms of your first question around addressable market and growth in the market, depending on what sort of market numbers you look at, I think the general view of the market is that over time, the hardware market is expected to decline slightly and sort of mid-single digit growth and then the virtual ADC market is going to experience very strong growth, both for on-prem environment and in public cloud environment. And depending on how these segments are accounted (38:00) et cetera, you end up with, in aggregate, sort of mid-single digit growth. I would say that, of course, our aim is over time to do better than the market in each of the segments in which we participate. And then in security, there's a lot of security market segments over there. We participate in a few key segments. I mentioned the web applications firewall in our prepared remarks. That is absolutely a focus area for all of us. And we are seeing very strong attach rates for our WAF offerings, especially in our cloud implementations. And we're getting a number of customers that want to put WAFs in front of more and more of their applications. So that's a big driver, and I expect that market, the WAF market in particular to grow at more than double-digits over the next few years.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Vijay. I would say, the first is the areas that are outperforming for us, I think we mentioned, but in security, we have had a very strong year and a very strong quarter, both in enterprise and in service provider vertical, very strong demand there. Our virtual additions, again, very strong demand. You saw the growth numbers, 35% year over year. And then in the public cloud, we also are outperforming, more than doubling the business over the period. And specifically, I would say in the public cloud, we have a very strong security attach rates because folks, just (40:35) these applications. The problem application security in cloud becomes a real issue. The one area where I would say we didn't see the lift that we expected to see this quarter is on our iSeries and appliance – actually in the total business for appliance. iSeries in terms of the refresh, it continues to track with the refresh we had last cycle. So the customer adoption is very strong. What we are seeing from the field, to your question on the field, is actually interesting in that not only we're involved in a number of refresh and upgrades, but we're also seeing new applications for iSeries, because iSeries has some capabilities specifically around encryption and SSL that are pretty unique. And so we're seeing customers in the field want to deploy iSeries in front of new applications, even within an existing customer. But the one area where we feel we have underperformed relative to our own expectation this quarter is the total amount of business we expected to see from appliances as part of the refresh. We continue to think that the refresh is actually a driver of product revenue over the next few quarters, as we have more and more of our installed base on the iSeries. But for this quarter we're a little cautious, because we didn't see the lift we expected to see from appliances this quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you. Vijay, there are dynamics in the service provider environment that are good catalysts for F5 and we've seen that in 4G. We think we're going to see a potential, even bigger effect in 5G. A lot of these unlimited mobile data plans drive a lot of IP flows that need to be protected and need to be properly managed, and the scale, this is an area where the scale, the acceleration of our hardware, the performance of our security solutions, our carrier-grade firewall is very unique. And so, no, we consider the service provider segment of F5's business to be strategic, and in fact, in part of the realignment that we had in Q4, we enhanced the number of resources in that market because we feel that we are potentially under-distributed relative to the opportunity we have in the service provider space.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, so, on the WAF specifically, we do believe that it's moving to the cloud, and I think as I said, our attach rate as a data point for you, our attach rate with WAF solutions in the cloud is double the rate that we're seeing in on-premise applications. And so, that's why for us, cloud and WAF is actually a very interesting driver of growth. In on-premise, we are also seeing potential for growth in the WAF space. One of the customers I mentioned in the prepared remarks, one of the large European banks, essentially told us that they have tested a number of WAF solutions, they've standardized on F5, largely because we have the best bot detection capabilities. We have excellent performance on false positive, which is a key criteria for them. We also have the ability to see a lot of the traffic, which allows us to implement a set of policy decisions for WAF that others cannot implement. And today, they see roughly 10% to 15% of their applications having a WAF in front of them, and they want to move to having 100% of their applications with a WAF, which is a great catalyst for us, both for their on-premise applications and some of them on the public cloud. So, we actually see the ability to have both present as a key advantage relative to some of the players you have mentioned. And the last point I'd mention on that is that, we also have a hybrid offering with our – we just launched WAF Express on our Silverline capability. We have WAF on-premise, and the ability to offer both in a combination and to signal between the two is a very unique capability that F5 brings that we don't see any other pure cloud players offering, and that makes a big difference.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tal. Let me start with the second part of your question on whether virtual additions are deflationary overall. I would say that we believe over a period of time, the software, the virtual ADC market opens up more applications and growth in the market in terms of dollars, both in terms of volume and in terms of dollars in our market. And that's essentially because it allows us to get in front of way more applications in way more places to consume not just our traffic management capabilities, but also our security capabilities, our analytics capabilities, and a number of application services that we intend to bring to market. So, that's why, over a period of time, we think it creates growth in the market for us. To your point on where there is a weakness, I think part of the reason you're hearing positive commentary from us is, we had a record revenue quarter and full-year in terms of revenue, and we're excited about areas of the business that are very strong, that bode very well for the long term of the business. In the quarter specifically, where we've seen some weakness and actually where we're being a bit prudent and cautious about Q1, is specifically in our appliance hardware business, where we expected to see more of a lift in Q4 in our total appliance sales than we have seen as part of our refresh. And I think that's the area of the business that is under-performing relative to our own expectations right now.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. So, Tal, I think couple of things. In terms of the product trends, number one for us is, as we've said, is doubling down in our investments, raising the intensities in these areas where we're seeing very strong growth, cloud, security, virtual additions. In terms of our appliance, the portion of our business that's appliance based, we've actually said we think we're going to perform. I mentioned earlier that the market was – overall, the market numbers were expected to decline over time at mid-single digit rates. We think we're going to perform better than market; a, because we're actually seeing great customer adoption of iSeries as part of the refresh; b, because we have very strong traction in the service provider space with both our appliance and chassis-based solutions; and c, because we believe that a number of our customers are deploying our hardware solutions in front of new applications. So we can't quantify that in terms of giving a specific guide on hardware for FY 2018, but we do think that we'll do better than the market with our appliance solutions.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Simon, I will take the Microsoft question, and then Ryan will address your question on hyper-conversion infrastructure. So Microsoft's load-balancing is no different from our perspective than other sort of load-balancing solutions that are offered by native cloud providers like Amazon, also Google. And our view on it is fairly simple. We think there is some basic applications and requirements that will take advantage of these solutions, but the market we go after for large enterprise customers, there are two things that we believe they'll continue to look for from F5. Number one is, for a number of application, there is a feature of richness and depth, both in traffic management capabilities and in security capabilities that are quite differentiated as an offering from F5. And that's not going to change. And that's why we see such a strong win rate for us when our customers are migrating applications that we support to the cloud, it's because of that feature depth that they want. And then the second aspect is cloud portability or multi-cloud capabilities. F5 offers in a number of ways we allow customers to deploy their applications across not a single public cloud, but multiple public cloud and/or on-premise. Things like being able to manage their applications from a single pane of glass across all these environments. Things like the ability to manage licenses across multiple clouds. Things like that, things like having the same security posture across multiple clouds. All of those things are mission-critical for large enterprises, and this or that offering from a native cloud provider does not change that requirement. So, that's where we play and where we see a strong difference. Ryan, and on the hyper-conversion infrastructure.
