John McAdam: Yeah, first of all, I don't think the virtualizations are having any significant impact whatsoever. The numbers of all are great in terms of percentage growth. They're obviously pretty small in total. So I don't think that's an issue. Now we spent a lot of time on this after the quarter and frankly during the quarter, but we're pretty convinced when we look at the spending part of the large Fortune 500 companies generally, obviously finances or the whole chunk of them was in the Fortune 500, but generally there is definitely a cautious spending environment. And as I said when I was doing my introduction, the spending part is actually pretty reasonable if you compare 200k to 500k, 500k to a $1 million year-over-year. However, and this is mainly in North America because this is where most of our large bills tend to come from, when you get to the $1 million plus bill, we definitely seen a – saw a slowing there, and I should say, in the quarter and generally in the second half.
John McAdam: Okay. No, they weren't really concentrated that much in financials, there are examples of that, but not so much. Service provider definitely was lower, I mean at 19%. That's really towards the low end where we saw some slowness there, but not specifically in financials.
John McAdam: In terms of the verticals, first of all, I guess this is pretty obvious, but the US Federal we definitely expect to be down sequentially from the year-end, which is extremely normal. But we feel very good about the team and the job they did and the relative year-over-year performance that we would expect to see throughout the year. So that's one thing. The second question was…
John McAdam: Yeah, we're actually assuming a relatively slow telco for the first – for next quarter. That could possibly bleed into the March quarter as well, but we're not talking about that yet, but definitely if we look forward to the gains that we've given, we aren’t expecting a strong service provider in Q1.
John McAdam: Yeah, the other point about that is that – the really big deal for us I think is going to be the release of [SOL] [ph] with the functionality we talked about as well as the product refresh. We are absolutely – and we'll talk more about this in the Analyst Day that's coming up, but we are clearly pushing very hard to get them available by the end of this calendar year. So if we achieve that, then I would expect to see some reasonably quick growth coming from that refresh which would obviously hit the March quarter.
John McAdam: Yeah, just on the last part there – remember that was a year-over-year number in terms of VIPRION sales. However, they've been pretty solid quarterly right throughout the year. And one of the characteristics we've definitely seen is our higher rate of module attach rate which obviously drives the size of the system sale as well. The 2400 has just been strong from announcement, but the products above that, the VIPRION products above that have also been strong again with the attach rate. Service provider obviously was a bit weaker last quarter but that is definitely the main area that we sell the high-end VIPRION and I think that's going to continue.
John McAdam: Yeah, but I'm not going to quantify it, Brian, but just to give you an answer. So first of all, remember we're talking about the refresh coming towards the end of the calendar year, that's the target. That clearly won't have a major impact on the first quarter. So that's one thing. Secondly, don't forget the seasonality issue. We don't want to be the only company out there that doesn't have seasonality. I wish we were, but we're not - we have seasonality in Q1, so that's taken into account. I feel personally very strongly that the product refresh that the DPI functionality that what we're doing with the ADF, the application delivery firewall, is going to drive product revenue. But given this environment we're in, we're not going to throw numbers out there. We're going to play a quarter a time at the moment.
John McAdam: I mean the very fact that we talked about the VIPRION products over the year have been over 100% growth, the very fact we talked about the VIPRION 2400 being hot, that means there are some issues there that we need to fix at the appliance range, from a competitor perspective. And that's what the whole appliance refresh is all about. So we feel really good about our VIPRION trends and the way they're going to continue.
John McAdam: Okay. On the issue with Cisco in terms of their (inaudible) in the market, I think it will be very significant for us. And by the way I'm not alone in the room here, everybody feels that. We did a North America quarterly business review on Monday where we get to see the key management there and they're very excited about it. Let me pass it over to Dan. He can maybe give you some more details about – we are in a prime position here because a lot of these accounts tend to be larger accounts, they want to have a company that's very focused in this market with a great balance sheet and all that good stuff and that's really us. So I think you're going to hear us talking very, very favorably of that opportunity during the year.
John McAdam: Let me add one more other thing about this I think it's exciting for us as an opportunity, this isn't just about replacing that base, it's not just about that. This is about giving us a very significant opportunity to get into more Fortune 500 accounts and sell much more than the current base we've got because what we'll be replacing here is mostly load balancing type applications. We will then work with our other value-added stuff that we've got in TMOS; security, optimization in the software module. So I think it's a much bigger opportunity than just replacing that base. And as I say, I think you'll hear us talk into that in quarterly calls for this year.
John McAdam: Yeah, we do have opportunities in the pipeline already because of this opportunity. Some of these opportunities are close to commit range, but I wouldn't say it's markedly incremental in terms of what we are assuming for the guidance. As part of our normal way, we look at what's in the pipeline? What's the fact of the pipeline? And then there are some deals that are related to Cisco or not, are they all in that, I'm sure we'll know, because it's just happened, it's just happened. So I wouldn't think about it too much in relation to our guidance. It's not been that significant.
John McAdam: Well, I don't think the integration of the products are doing, I think that's more in that definite space. We're going to use a tried and tested technique here in terms of competing with both Cisco and Citrix with win rates in their high 80s, low 90s which is better product, more focused, great customer satisfaction, best performance, most functionality, I feel pretty good about that.
John McAdam: Yeah, whenever we come out with our significant release like this, beta is obviously one of the critical parts. So that's been going on for quite a while.
John McAdam: Yeah. So in other words, if we complete a goal of having these products available at the end of this calendar year, we would absolutely expect that refresh to have an impact in the March quarter, absolutely.
John McAdam: Well, the one area that I see – we'll see on that. We have a fairly conservative view of telco for the December quarter and frankly we'll need to take a view as we move into January and we'll give you updates on that as to where we think that's going to be.
John McAdam: Again, we wouldn't give you a specific. We will talk about it in more detail about security in November. We will do that. We thought it'd be a good idea actually to put some information on it and we're talking about ASM and APM security modules specifically and they obviously had a 90% growth. So we're not going to give you a specific, however do we think it’s going to be a good growth driver? Absolutely. We don't see that momentum – we think that momentum will continue.
John McAdam: Yeah, well, we're not commenting on that as we move into this year given the cautious environment we've been seeing. So we're going to do that quarter at a time.
John McAdam: I don't think there's any sinister or any trend there. It's pure project oriented where we see the project, we see the rollout, the dates and that unfortunately gives you some lumpiness and I think you're going to see that next year as well.
John McAdam: Definitely not, that's not the case. Because of most of the telco deals that we're talking about, they have a significant effect in the quarter because most of them are VIPRIONs, we don't have any competition with VIPRIONs when we're doing this.
John McAdam: Well, that's an economy question and frankly will depend on the economy. I don't think it's impossible, but we'll see. I do think by the way that a lot of uncertainty when we talk about macro, we are including the election and other, but certainly when we talk to customers, we are hearing a degree of entrenchment, there's no question about that. When that was in a really bad scenario in 2009 we only saw that for a couple of quarters and then of course we saw pretty massive suppressed demand. But I really think that the tailwinds we've got going for us puts us in a really good relative position.  In terms of are people waiting for the product, we have no significant anecdotal information on that at all. I mentioned (inaudible) we met with our sales force, we didn't hear that. I'm not saying it's impossible, there are probably some examples, but I don't think that's going to be a material effect on the actual quarter.
John McAdam: Yeah, I think that's going to be a long time. And frankly and this is what the load balancer can be so generic in meaning, what we have, remember, is a session-based full proxy that basically just doesn't do packet load balancing and so we can do it at incredible speeds and we have the applications fluency associated with that, so we don't see that. One of the things I said when I did my introduction was I mentioned application delivery firewall is going to have performance above the competitors. We are talking about very significant performance and I think that and the functionality of an application fluency in areas like that, but in fact (price) [ph] performance is going to be a major advantage for us.
John McAdam: On the security, Ryan, obviously we don't talk security numbers in the quarter; we're going to talk a lot about it in November. We mentioned the growth rate on the modules of ASM and APM, for example, and how significant that was and we expect that to continue. Still we didn't talk about the data center firewalls and we won projects in that as well, so I can't give you numbers here but it's pretty damn significant on a quarterly basis.
Andy Reinland: And then to linearity, Paul, really what we saw is what we've seen over the last two quarters where a little above 50%, we normally follow the 50 first two months, 50 third month. The last three quarters have been a couple of points higher than that, but consistent over the last three quarters.
Andy Reinland: And then to the sequential revenue growth, you're absolutely right. If we look back over time in particular going back three, four, five years, March probably has been our most difficult quarter just based on seasonality and that's led by North America. What we've highlighted over the last couple of years is that we've really seen as we've grown to $1 billion and beyond that we've seen definite seasonality in our December quarter which is our Q1. And so as we look at the layout over the year, and we highlighted and you see it in our guidance our view on Q1 and we think off of that comparison we can grow in March now. But we're also highlighting that we think from a product basis, it will be stronger in the second half of the year versus the first half.
Andy Reinland: We don't break out the mix when we talk about the results. I think we would say as we look at our high end generally over our low end, we saw it pretty consistent.
Andy Reinland: Well, we said that GAAP was 83%. We didn't give non-GAAP but I think it will be consistent with, probably close to 84%.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, I think it will be pretty broad based. I mean as we come out with this - the previous question was around DPI, obviously that's focused on the telco. I think with the new hardware platforms we're coming out with, that's going to give us great opportunity in more entry level, which will be more international geographies. I think it will be very broad based.
Andy Reinland: Yes, exactly. Not only not service revenue but as John – yes, service revenue as John highlighted, but also nothing for our new application firewall, nothing on the hardware that's been driven. Those are just module sales.
Andy Reinland: Yeah, we don't break it out like that. But material test mean it's going to have an impact on the top line numbers that allows us to increase investment and increase marketing efforts to expand that footprint. We're really looking at it now as an opportunity to grab footprint in that space and it's about getting out there and winning those fields. So that's our approach.
Karl Triebes: This is Karl, Catharine. With the VIPRIONs, what's very popular is attaching vCMP which is virtualization for those platforms and that's been very popular. We have some very big customers, especially like in commerce and other areas, they are leveraging vCMP. So that's definitely – then of a really high trajectory with the platforms.
Karl Triebes: We didn't say but our plan is to release at the end of this quarter and then it will start rolling out in the field going into next quarter.
Karl Triebes: We also think by virtue of having that diameter footprint in data center, it really helps enable us with our DPI solution because that requires a tie-in directly to the diameter interface. And our upcoming release were a full diameter proxy which is built right into BIG-IP. So what it means now is we occupy this footprint, where we can do traffic steering, apply our intelligence to the traffic that's going through the carrier data centers, but also being able to communicate with other parts of it to our diameter routing.
Karl Triebes: That's a big question. We're going to spend a lot of time on this at the Investor Day. We're absolutely – we have SDN in the roadmap and we're doing a number of things with our partners to support that, but we'll get into a lot more detail in a couple weeks here on exactly what we're going to do.
