Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. The third quarter of fiscal 2014 was a quarter of solid revenue growth and profitability driven by strong uptake of our expanding array of systems and application services. In particular, demand for our security solutions was a key driver of product revenue growth and sales of our Good, Better, Best bundled solutions weighted heavily toward Best continued to grow ahead of our expectations. Revenue in Q3 increased 5% from the prior quarter and 19% year-over-year to $440.3 million, above our guided range of $428 million to $438 million. GAAP EPS of $1.05 per share was above our guided range of $0.99 to $1.02 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.39 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.33 to $1.36 per share. Product revenue of $236.9 million, grew 5% sequentially and 20% year-over-year and accounted for 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $203.5 million increased 4% sequentially, 17% year-over-year and represented 46% of total revenue. The Americas region accounted for 57% of total revenue during the quarter. EMEA contributed 23%, APAC 15% and Japan 5%. On a year-over-year basis, Americas revenue grew 17%, EMEA revenue 33% and APAC revenue 17%. Japan revenue was down 3% year-over-year. Enterprise customers represented 68% of total sales during the quarter, service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 12%, including 3% from U.S. Federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors, Ingram Micro, which represented 18.3% of total revenue, Westcon which accounted for 14.8% and Avnet, which accounted for 13.2%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.2% GAAP operating expenses were $234.7 million, within our guided range of $228 million to $236 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $206 million. GAAP operating margin was 28.6%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 37.6%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 35.2%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $138 million. After repurchasing approximately 1.45 million shares of our common stock for a total of $150.5 million, we ended the quarter with $1.12 billion in cash and investments. $481 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q3 was 50 days. Inventories were $23.1 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 19% year-over-year to $617.4 million. We ended the quarter with 3,745 employees, an increase of 110 from the prior quarter. With continuing strength in sales of our security solutions and Good, Better, Best bundling options, momentum with Cisco ACE replacement opportunities and a general trend toward broader adoption of our full solution portfolio by large enterprises, service providers and government customers, we anticipate a strong close to our fiscal year. With that in mind, our revenue target for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 is $453 million to $463 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to remain in the 82% range, including approximately $3.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 83.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $232 million to $240 million. This includes approximately $23.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.5 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q4, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.15 to $1.18 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.46 to $1.49 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by 125 to 150 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSO will be in the 50 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range $23 million to $26 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $150 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: If you line up the guidance that we have, I think you will see that for Q4, we will see a little more strengthening in the op margin for the quarter. And next quarter, we will talk, on the October call, where we give guidance for the year, but what I would expect is for us to pretty much outline an operating margin year like we saw this year. But again, that's, if we are seeing the revenue growth, we are going to keep investing to drive the top line and that's going to be the focus.
Andy Reinland: And that's exactly what I was going to say. It continues to be a strong vertical for us. We just have chosen the tact of not getting into detail, especially because it's a smaller number of large companies, is the implications to that discussion and that really isn't the makeup of that vertical. It's much more broad than that. So we will stick to the enterprise level.
Andy Reinland: The other thing that I would add is that we saw our average order size increase again this quarter from 110,000 to 115,000. Still too early to pin that directly on Good, Better, Best alone. I think there's broader momentum in the business that's also adding to that, but still is an element to it.
John McAdam: Okay. Regarding the Cisco and ACI, and if I take -- this comment I am going to make actually apply to the VMware with NSX as well and with both those organizations we are deeply involved in integration at the product development level right now and we feel good with the progress in that. And we are actually starting to train our sales force in both solutions, but also on sales by sales territory scenario meeting up with our counterparts and making sure that our go-to-market is absolutely optimizing. Maybe Dave Feringa would want to comment more on it.
John McAdam: Yes, and on the vertical, first of all, Federal, I mean, it was typically a little bit lower from a revenue percentage this quarter. However, actually sales bookings were higher than that. So we feel reasonably good about Federal moving into the final quarter. We expect it to be pretty solid actually. We love the team there and it was actually a (inaudible) through the pipeline and the forecast and that feels quite strong. So we will see what happens there. On telco, it's pretty similar. I mean, you are going to see that lumpiness. It was at 20% this quarter. It has been as high as 27%. We tend to look at it in the 20% to 25%. It is still very project oriented and the thing I did say on my prepared remarks were, we will start to see some nice progress with new solutions like the policy enforcement module linking in with the SDC Traffix solution there as well. And so, they are both, that and finance are really our strongest verticals moving forward.
John McAdam: I will just add from my perspective, Brian. It's not quite answering the question, but the thing that excites me about the Alpine release, if you listen to some of the story that I did in the prepared remarks, is that we have really focused a lot of the functionality on the real growth drivers that we are seeing right now, like security, like Solutions as a Service, taking the Versafe acquisition and putting into TMOS as a module. We have a long history of that. It has been a very successful technique for us. We are certain we are doing well there. I think Manny, you can highlight.
John McAdam: Yes, I think that's a fair question regarding the competitive scenario. We don't have enough details on the actual -- what really happened in Japan apart from the fact we know that a few fairly large deals, and actually large, I mean, multimillion dollar type opportunities did slip. So that was the biggest reason. Having said that, A10 have done well competitively in Japan and we will what our win rate is there as we look in more detail. But the main message is elsewhere. Our competitive win rate has gone up pretty significantly this quarter against everybody. In the Americas, we looked at on Monday and we saw a fairly material rise in percentage wins. So Japan, I don't know, but maybe they are the one outlier there, they do tend to focus, by the way, in Japan on lower end products. So we will see. But overall, we feel really good about competitive position.
John McAdam: This is another one where I am smiling here. We knew we would be asked this question. We are very, very focused in product growth. Product growth is what makes the world go around and companies like ourselves, and we are very focused in doing that. We are not going to give any forward statements. We have given you -- you have got the guidance we have given for Q4 and you can make up your mind in that. We would say the pipeline, I did say the pipeline, we did a new business pipeline. It was very significant, the create rate last quarter it was. So that makes us feel good, but we are not going to give any actual numbers. Another indication, typically, of our confidence is our hiring and you can see that we want to go on a fairly aggressive hiring focus in the next quarter as well.
John McAdam: Right, and Matt, I don't know if it was on previous calls or in webcast, I have given information at certain point where we were on the installed base with installations greater than two years, three years, and five years and above. And these are significant numbers. I don't have them to hand right now. But what we will make a point of doing is next public event, we get a chance to do that, we will give out that information. The reason I am saying that is, there is still a long way to go on the product refresh. I know that. I just can't give you exact numbers in terms of the greater than three installed base because it tends to be pretty significant, something because there is redeployment that goes on as they do the refresh. But in terms of, do I feel that the product refresh capability is still a year or two years more, two years plus in it, I think it really has. What's going to drive that is extra functionality as well, but we will try and get that data at the next public event.
John McAdam: Yes, I mentioned it's our biggest driver. We continue to add functionality to it in terms of the solution portfolio. DDoS, I think, is going to be very big for us with our differentiated hybrid solution of on-premise and now with Defense.Net, we think we got a great decision there. By the way within just over a week of the DDoS acquisition, we started to see orders coming in for we were actually approached. So I don't want to get too carried away on this one, but we did see that at the beginning of it. We were actually balancing in fact how aggressively we bring that to market with the resources that Julian and his service team that are going to drive this, putting in place. But I think that's going to be good for next year. And then you have things like what we are doing with GI firewall. There is whole load of what's going on in security, specifically.
John McAdam: The other, I am not sure I would call it as adjacent, but I guess to some degree it's an adjacent scenario, but we really believe with the progress we are making with our SDN partnerships, that could be very, very profound, is a word I have used quite often about this in terms of being a growth driver going into next year as well.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John, Ehud. Let me answer the Versafe and I will pass the vertical to Andy, although I will help on that before I do. On Versafe, absolutely we are investing in this right now. It's absolutely not at breakeven because we haven't unleashed Versafe yet to the sales force and frankly we will probably do that as we start the fiscal year at the sales conference. It will be a lot easier for us to do that when we have it integrated as a module in TMOS. Having said that, we have taken orders over the last couple quarters. We are building the customer base but we are at really early stages of increasing the investment in the SOCs and therefore obviously that is some OpEx. But I think something I think we are digesting and balancing well and I think it's going to be a nice growth driver for us. Regarding the verticals and I will pass it to Andy, if he want to add more to it but we are not breaking out the technology. That means we don't want to talk about it. We believe it's very similar to enterprise and that's why threw it in there. Because we are talking about companies like large server companies as well as some of the dotcom companies we include that in the vertical. But what I will say is, that's still a strong part of our business and I don't see that changing.
John McAdam: Well, we are not going to say that but the key thing if you look at in operating margin s the hiring we are doing. That has got the biggest effect.
John McAdam: We will see. As you say, you pointed out, it is two and half quarters, it's not even two and half quarters. Its just over two quarters and we feel really, really happy about the sequential increase this quarter. More importantly, we feel very, very happy about the sway towards the Best choice, which is way above what we modeled. But when we look at it by geography, and I guess this is no surprise, but the Americas is way in front in terms of the percentage that they do. So we would expect EMEA probably to catch up fairly quickly and then APAC and Japan to catch up as well. So that gives definitely, I think, gives us a headwind there. But the enthusiasm in the sales force is very good on this and the customer reaction is very good. So I think it's going to be pretty good momentum, but we don't to day for how many quarters.
John McAdam: Yes, and first of all, and we get asked this question a lot, when you get a bit of capital spend in service providers. I just don't think it has a significant material effect. We are still very project driven. We are very driven by traffic being money to own the network and going into the data center. We gain from introducing new technology like our GI firewall and like the PEM area. So that does mitigate that that type of spending was constrained, but I don't think that's a big issue for us. I think it's more project oriented. Regarding Traffix, we have not given out any -- very, very specifically, we have not given out any guidance in terms of what we think the size of that can be. In fact, we have even been asked about the size of the market and you can look at various analyst reports and we don't even comment on that. We are more focused on finding project wins, finding use cases and just growing the business that way. And the other thing about Traffic, just to remind you this is a much more complex sale for us and that includes revenue recognition. It's not just a matter of shipping the product and invoicing the customer and getting the money. It's all about milestones and consultants. So it's a longer sales campaign and a longer implementation campaign. But we are not giving out any numbers in terms of guidance.
John McAdam: Yes, let me start with DDoS. First of all, we have been very, very successful with DDoS ever since we introduced our AFM module, our general firewall module. In fact our drive into security, apart from the WAF we have had for years, our drive into the firewall space actually started with DDoS attacks, with the whole WikiLeaks business that went on, where a bunch of our customers were attacked regarding the WikiLeaks fiasco and we actually, in our iRules onto our ADC platform to protect them because the firewall couldn't cope with the volume. So long story short, an ADC architecture is ideal for protecting against DDoS attacks. And as I say, our on-premise capability along with our roadmap where we have been putting DDoS protection vectors within FPGAs in the hardware because of the volume, very differentiated. So for us, now to have an off-premise solution is very synergistic. WE have already got a great reputation to be able to offer the hybrid capability. It is frankly an easy sale and was well accepted by the sales force. Although remember my remarks earlier, is that we are making sure we invest appropriately before we unleash the off-premise version on the sales force, but we have already seen orders for it.
John McAdam: First of all, I am not convinced on the statement you made, Mark, about bundling GBB. I think that actually benefits the buyer in a big way and the actual incentives we have given to make that happened are quite significant, which I think is why it has been so successful. I think the real thing, the real issue is, and we have to make sure we do this, the real issue is to make sure that the customers and the account managers make sure the customers realize the depth of functionality they have, use as much as possible and then that will increase that uses of the functionality. I think that's the real opportunity for us.
John McAdam: They tend to consume more. The best example of this and its not really GBB, is the Cisco ACE opportunity, where I mean its being it has been fascinating for us to watch. The initial conversation is, can you place our load balancer. That quickly moves to, we have much more than that, and then that quickly moves to, oh, we are going to install your WAF, I am giving an example here. WAF is a firewall throughout the organization as we look at the whole portfolio.
John McAdam: And the value includes not just extra functionality that we are talking about but it typically saves the money on their existing deployments in a big way. In other words, taking out 100 firewalls and replacing it by five of those. That type of thing.
Manny Rivelo: Yes. The only thing I would add, Brian, to that because you asked specifically about service providers and we are seeing it and this is predominantly -- we are seeing it across the globe, but the use case, I will talk about it, is predominantly right now in Asia where as we have enhanced the feature functionality for those service providers. They are actually telling us that based on the Internet traffic growth, because now we have strategic point of control in those service provider network that they want to see not only faster interfaces, but actually faster even boxes. Whether we cluster those boxes or we actually build faster boxes, they are absolutely right. As consume more services, the need is there for higher performance, both on the throughput level as well as the connection levels and really if the growth that's happening with mobile that's driving that innovation, if you will, in the service provider arena. So we are well positioned there.
Manny Rivelo: Yes, and the other thing I would add, Jeff, this is Manny, is although we are in this transition and it's becoming one of our primary selling motions from a licensing perspective, and I think that will increase to John and Andy's point, there is an after effect that we believe will also happen in that, is as customers try the new modules because we are with bundling those modules, they are beginning to deploy those modules, we should see additional footprint. So there is the other effect of more presence in these accounts in new places in the network that we classically have not been in and that's the result of having that functionality and extending that functionality using the software defined application services architecture. So hopefully it will be in the future for a long time.
Manny Rivelo: Yes, and this is Manny. I will just add maybe a little bit more context around each of them. First, starting with DDoS. There is no question that DDoS, as John says, is something we have been doing for a long, long time. And our on-prem footprint is what's led customers to ask us to be out in the cloud. So the cloud has really been customer driven because they want a hybrid solution to being able to do that. And what drives that is our success on prem, what's driving that is our performance capability on prem. The fact that we continue to do things at wire rate on prem, recall in the Alpine release, we will over 100 DDoS vectors, all done in hardware and then having a hybrid solution to differentiate solution in the market. Nobody really provides a hybrid solution today. They have a service on the cloud or service on prem, not truly a hybrid one. And at Secure Web Gateway, it's a similar set of technologies. Performance is one leadership position we have. We feel very comfortable with the performance we have there relative to anything that's in the market. Obviously we are starting out with an on prem solution. That makes logical sense. By bundling it now as part of GBB, that gives us an advantage. Customers can now test that module and reduce their total cost of ownership while getting the performance benefits that they have out there. And the other piece is more and more of the traffic, that's leaving the enterprise is encrypted. It's leaving out as HTTPS transactions encrypted and customers need high-performance decryption capabilities to be able to inspect that traffic for data loss prevention and things of that nature. So those are some of the value statements, if you will, from just a raw technology point of view that we bring to the table that lead to very promising conversations.
Manny Rivelo: And Mark, it's Manny. Just a quick comment. This is not and obviously Dave Feringa can talk about this in great detail if we can when we get together in November, but a typical selling motion that can occur as a customer who comes in and I will talk about an ACE replacement who may come in and want to do like-for-like transaction, replace that ACE load balancer with that F5 load balancer because of the market leadership position we have. And once we explain to them the platform and the Delta in value that reside in that platform as it pertains to the additional services, it is not uncommon for me to hear the words, I am not sure where to start. And what that means is how many any issues or problems we can help alleviate for him. Obviously the place to start is just the replacement and to grow from that replacement as we move forward, but that is highly a very typical situation that we see out there and we are exposing with GBB is that additional value making it easy, taking the friction out of that and as a result of that hopefully, customers can realize that value going forward.
Karl Triebes: This is Karl. I would jus add a couple of things. With integration of WebSafe from Versafe into BIG-IP, that simplifies our anti-fraud deployments and we actually have a mobile application as well, that we are in the process of integrating as part of that. So we will be able to address both traditional PC-based access as well as mobile as we go forward. That simplifies that. GI firewall, as John said, is big because we have massive scalability but we are also shortly releasing extensive new capabilities on our management platform that give us centralized management for both firewall as well as for our web application firewall. So now it makes it much easier for large service providers to off and deploy these services and there's native capabilities there. So those are just a few examples, as John said.
Karl Triebes: For outbound, we have our access policy manager with our Secure Web Gateway integration as part of that. So that's a portion of that outbound used case if you look at. We are actually integrating identity as part of our firewall solutions. So we are actually using the identity components that we have in our access policy manager to allow security policy not just based on application, but user and endpoint as part of that and actually endpoint application as well. So that opens up additional use cases. We are not trying to go head-to-head, say, like with the traditional next-generation firewall from, say, like Palo Alto or somebody like that. It's more inbound user and application focused.
Karl Triebes: This is Karl again. I was going to say one other thing about Versafe. It's not only interesting with its core business, but the technologies involved in that, we are able to leverage these in other areas. So we are working on some new products for the future that will allow us to have much more advanced capabilities around things like, say, botnet detection. Being able to detect so far DDoS capabilities and do these things like that. Being able to detect things like malware. There is a lot of areas that this technology can take us. We are looking at these and how we might productized some of this as we go forward. We will talk more about this at our November conference.
