Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In line with the updated guidance we've provided on April 4, revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 was $350.2 million, down 4% sequentially and up 3% year-over-year. GAAP EPS was $0.80 per share compared to $0.88 per share in Q1 and $0.86 per share in Q2 of last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.07 per share compared to $1.14 per share in the prior quarter and $1.09 per share in the second quarter of fiscal 2012. Product revenue of $185.1 million represented 53% of total revenue, down 10% from Q2 2012. Service revenue increased 23% from a year ago to $165.1 million, accounting for 47% of revenue. Revenue from our Application Delivery Networking business was $345.1 million, and revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $5.1 million. Book-to-bill for the quarter was equal to 1. Revenue from the Americas represented 54% of total revenue, down 4% from Q2 2012. EMEA contributed 23%, up 13% year-over-year. APAC accounted for 16% of revenue, a 21% year-over-year increase; and Japan, 6% of revenue, a 5% decline year-over-year. During Q2, the financial vertical equaled 23% of total sales. Technology represented 18% and telco accounted for 17%. U.S. federal government was 5% of sales, and total government accounted for 13%. 3 of our distributors each contributed more than 10% of revenue in Q2. Avnet Technologies accounted for 16.3%, Ingram accounted for 13.4% and Westcon accounted for 11.1%. GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 82.8%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses were $197.5 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $172.7 million. Our GAAP operating margin in Q2 was 26.4%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 34.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 33%, and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 31.2%. On the balance sheet, below our initial target, but in line with our revenue results, cash flow from operations was $80.7 million, and we ended the quarter with $1.19 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q2 was 50 days. Inventories at quarter end were $18 million. Deferred revenue grew to $490.7 million, up 19% from a year ago. We repurchased 508,000 shares of our common stock in Q2 at an average price of $98.31 per share. Headcount at quarter end was approximately 3,155 employees, a net increase of 30 from the prior quarter. Now for our Q3 outlook. As John will discuss in more detail, F5's results for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 clearly reflected the challenges of doing business in a difficult economic environment. Budgets in general appeared to be more constricted than we had been seeing, which resulted in bill slippage and longer sales cycles, particularly in the telco vertical, as well as U.S. federal sales. On a more positive note, we are seeing early indications that our new product rollouts are getting traction in the marketplace and anticipate momentum to build as we release the 5000 and the 7000 Series. We are seeing continued strong growth for F5 in the security space, including a very successful first quarter selling of our advanced firewall module. We are committed to continue investing in technology that aligns with market trends and leads the industry in performance, scalability and ease-of-use. Our top priority remains reaccelerating product revenue growth and, at the same time, maintaining world-class profitability. For the third quarter, we have set a revenue target in the range of $355 million to $365 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 83% range, including approximately $3 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. During Q3, GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $197 million to $204 million, including approximately $24.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 36%, and we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.80 to $0.83 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.06 to $1.09 per diluted share. We plan to increase our headcount by 50 to 100 employees during the quarter. We estimate DSOs will be at or around 50 days. We expect inventory levels within the range of $18 million to $20 million. And we expect cash flow from operations in excess of $110 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So to the first part of your question, when we talked book-to-bill, for us, that is strictly product, strictly product, yes. And then, in terms of services, yes, you're right, we've long talked about that. But when you look at our Services business and the growth there, it does correlate to product, and we have seen the product grow slow, which is why it's so important for us, and our #1 priority is reaccelerating product revenue. And I think we're seeing that play out over a more elongated time. But there's nothing within Services a business itself that's still really high rates in terms of maintenance renewals. We're doing very well in the consulting area, actually, which we think is critical for us, in driving that reaccelerated product revenue growth. So nothing systemic there to worry about.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So with the federal business -- I mean, you're right. September quarter is the year end for government. And historically, for us, that's been a strong quarter and now it included our last Q4 in that comment. I probably won't give you any color on the coming September quarter. We'll do that on our next call, but it will be the end of the year for the federal government. So we'll see on that.
Andy Reinland: Well, I guess I'd look at it from last quarter where it was 13% and then, this quarter, came back to 18%. So I don't know the year-over-year off the top of my head, but I think we have talked on previous calls that we have seen some impact of some of our key customers developing their own very basic load balancing there. But we think we're executing well on diversifying new with our other offerings into that space and expanding that area, which is technology for us is very broad. But actually, I was happy to see it go from -- up to 18% this quarter.
John McAdam: Yes. Given the GAAP that we saw on our guidance versus the actual, we're going to be pretty cautious about talking medium to long term and really stick to the quarter guidance. Having said that, we do expect to see a driver -- a business driver coming now that we've effectively -- well, certainly with the 5000 and 7000 coming this quarter, we will effectively have completed the product refresh and see growth in that. Also, I -- as I mentioned in the list I was giving of drivers, I think security is definitely a big opportunity from a product growth perspective as well.
John McAdam: I think -- yes. I think we've really come down to 2 issues. The first issue is definitely macro. I'm not going to call it recession, but definitely macro issues. And we've seen that obviously with peers. But I think whatever is exaggerated with us is obviously the telco performance. And that's -- that was more project slipping. I mean, interestingly enough, we put a pretty strong start here in April, which is encouraging that we're only talking 3 weeks, remember, so -- but it's encouraging, especially in the telco vertical.
John McAdam: Yes. And we've alluded to that in the past -- sorry, fairly recent quarters, Brian, where we've seen a small number, and we're talking of a very small number of some of the larger web monster-type solution providers deciding to do their own. And Google's software has always been close to the poster child for that. But, yes, we've seen a very, very small number. Typically, the application mix tends to be more straightforward, and there tends to be a need to get to roll out apps very, very quickly in that type of environment. That's not the case in the service provider space, and it's certainly not the case in the enterprise either. So we don't see anything like the same threat there. Now having said that, remember, our strategy has been to take our ADC platform and continue to add solutions to it. So for example, we think our security solutions that we've added pretty rapidly and are seeing great success is a great counterbalance to that trend. But you're not just doing simple load balancing, you're doing much more complex either application optimization or security. And so, I mean, that's our strategy, and I feel pretty good about that.
John McAdam: It's just sort of hard to do that. I mean, we have examples. We've looked a number of wins, some of them approaching the million-dollar range, where -- I'll give you 1 example. One example is a large financial organization, U.S. organization, where our first entry into that actually was doing some Oracle optimization using iRules in areas like that, but it also allowed us to get our application security manager into the sale to actually replace and chucked out one of our major competitors -- our major competitor. So what do you call that? Is that security? Is it traffic steering? What is it? So it's so difficult to say. But when we look at the ASM modules -- and we don't give out just the software solutions. As I said, that was a record quarter, and we did get some view of the AFM, the application firewall we sense will lead to pretty big systems behind it. So that's, for me, the best information we can give you.
John McAdam: Absolutely. And it's not a general broad-brush statement. Specifically, in North America, it was much more project-oriented. That's pretty important. And as I said, we think we've started a quarter in a pretty good light here. We're seeing some of these projects being released. It was very much that. Now we did see globally a downtick in service provider. We did see that. But mostly those are project oriented, we've said many times in the past that we don't really see a service provider linked completely to the CapEx thing. I mean, it's obviously to some degree, but it's much more project-oriented. And hopefully, last quarter was an anomaly.
John McAdam: Not really. It's not something we've seen, and we have a number of ongoing type of discussions with service providers and security. But, no, we haven't seen that.
John McAdam: And that's why I took some time -- in my introduction, I talked about BIG-IQ. Pardon the pun here, but BIG-IQ is a really big deal in this environment because of its ability to optimize and move applications around the clouds around it within the data center private to public, et cetera, et cetera.
John McAdam: Oh, no. We're not linking products being released with the projects and service provider. It doesn't mean there is not an overlap, but that's all -- we're talking about projects coming to fruition and that could be with older products. It could be with new products. It's not linked to the actual product.
John McAdam: Yes. And obviously, on the latter part, there may be some element of that. I think we've taken that into account now when we gave our guidance. So that's possible. Having said that, the 2000 entry-level. The 10000, of course, are moving into the second quarter and it hopefully will benefit the way the 4200 did. So there, I think, is give-and-take there. On the first question regarding competition, one of the things we did say -- on our pre-announcement, we said we are seeing some more engagements with competition. There's no question about that, especially because of the ACE opportunity that -- obviously, everybody's looking at that, and we're seeing a little bit of a ramp-up there. But our competitive win rates, which we follow very, very closely, very closely. We look at revenue, we look at the number of engagements and we look at the win rate in both, and that's still very solid for us. And not only that, we're increasing our functionality. Security, we're doing really well in. Access, we're doing really well in. When we talk to the sales force -- and you can imagine we've had a laser focus in doing that, we basically are not hitting anything different from them. I mean, we're not dismissing competition. Don't get me wrong, but we don't see a significant change, and we absolutely -- when we look at the deals that slipped last quarter and didn't come to fruition, it's actually hard to find any that were competitive losses. In other words...
John McAdam: Yes, I think there should be some of that. I think, definitely -- we are talking about pretty significant price performance advantages, the 2400 -- the VIPRION 2400, that's been incredibly successful, has probably increased, taken some of the low end of the higher end of the VIPRION. Does that make sense? So to some degree, yes. But the other side to that is the attach rate in software modules is going up. So there is a balance there, as -- okay, you're getting a better price performance from the products, but you can add more software modules to it. So that comes into play as well.
John McAdam: Specifically, the comment was -- I was talking about service provider. I did say that -- and I'm going to repeat here, we're only in 3 weeks of the quarter, right? So I don't -- although it's important to us because we really do check our business weekly. We have seen a fairly good start across-the-board not just in service provider, but especially in service provider.
John McAdam: I'm jumping in here to answer. [indiscernible] Look, we're 3 weeks in, first of all. Secondly, I do -- we do have a good pipeline. I feel good about a lot of the drivers. But we had a big miss last quarter. And given that scenario, I think you have to be cautious. And in fact, I think cautious is being prudent. So hopefully, we're being appropriately cautious and prudent.
John McAdam: I'm not sure if I really know the answer to that. I -- yes, I was going to give you a gut-feel answer. Let me put it this way. In the service provider pipeline, we have good $1-million-plus deals. So my instincts are it's probably more on the enterprise side. But that's maybe something we'll check. And then, when we have another public forum, we can address that.
John McAdam: Yes. On the first question regarding ACE, I mentioned -- I think it's a really good opportunity for us. I think that opportunity is going to last a while. I mean, I wouldn't put a timescale on it, but awhile. But more importantly, and we'd said this a number of times, when we're winning, especially in the bigger accounts, that doesn't need to be Fortune 500, but Fortune 500 large organizations. The chances of us doing repeat business and the chances of us expanding our solution portfolio is really, really high. It's a big chunk of our pipeline now, the ACE opportunity. The actual close rates are pretty reasonable, and our competitive win rate has been excellent -- has been really excellent. Now having said that, we don't dismiss the Cisco-Citrix partnership. We've seen it in some areas. But more often than not, we tend to be competing head-to-head with a competitor without Cisco being too much involved.
John McAdam: The other thing is that -- a couple of things on vADC [ph] that I want to push again is our performances is really fantastic, and our hypervisor support is second to none. But the big deal, I think, is the fact that this BIG-IQ management capability, we're talking about software and systems as one across different data centers. So I think we're really well placed there. But it's still early days.
Manuel F. Rivelo: The only thing I would add, and this is Manny, to that comment is that we're seeing with some of the cloud providers who are going to more of a model, where they want to pay, if you will, by the bid or by the day, and those situations obviously, we're seeing it there. But that's more in the cloud provider, not the traditional telco.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes, that they are approaching us with, and we've been talking to them about that. Obviously, that's a big use case. They're all looking at that over the next -- over the horizon, I would say, the next -- I'd say 3 to 5 years. That's their intent to deploy. The great news is all of our software modules are supported across all the industry major hypervisors. So we think we're in a great position to capitalize on that, and we've been talking to various providers and network equipment providers also about our solutions there.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. And I'll just add 1 comment to that. In the comments, the Diameter business is going as we projected. It's early in the market, as you all know. LTE is rolling out. As LTE rolls out, the complexity of those networks increases, and that's really when you need the DRA and DEA solutions that are in the market segment. So what we've seen is a huge ramp-up in the number of deals that we're being invited to. From an ARX [ph] point of view, we're seeing more proof-of-concepts out there than ever before. And over the last, I would say, 45 days or so, we've seen an interest from a lot of the operators who had already gone with some solutions prior to us entering the market, re-approaching us in that arena for our portfolio. So we're pretty excited. We think it's going according to plan. Obviously, time will tell.
