Andy Reinland: Yes, so this is Andy. Taking the second question first on the gross margin. We haven't really seen the competitive landscape change that much. Really, for us, we see next year product margin being as strong as it's been. My comments were about wanting to invest in consulting, that it's just a lower margin business but is becoming a higher priority for us as we see the impact of getting consultants into these large customers, providing value, being a constant F5 presence and pushing our messaging and looking for new opportunities. So that will pull the margin down, but we think that will more than pay for itself. Related to the op margin, so we see it as kind of a first half, second half, right. In the first half, we want to continue investing in the business through the year. Just looking at our guidance for Q1 and the first half, we think we'll see that operating margin in the mid-30s for the first half. Second half, we should see it improve up to the upper 30s.
Andy Reinland: I think it's a reality with what we think is going to happen in terms of revenue growth through the year. But as we've always done, we'll watch the business and manage accordingly.
Andy Reinland: And to the other elements of your question. The revenue uptick, I'm not going to get any more definitive than the comments made in my script that we think we are very well-positioned going into the year. We do anticipate Q1 seasonality and our guidance, I think, reflects that. But we do believe we're positioned to achieve year-over-year product revenue growth throughout the year. And I'm going to leave my comments at that. Also, on consulting, we actually think the uptick on revenue there is close to immediate. I mean, the real issue is getting them in, getting them trained, but we believe the demand is there for more consulting services and we're going to hire to meet that demand.
Andy Reinland: And then, Mark, you were asking about the breakdown of sales and R&D as a percent of revenue. So non-GAAP sales was 28%. R&D was 12%.
Andy Reinland: We don't comment on that going forward. I think you're going to see us focus on investing from a headcount perspective pretty much as we have historically in the 30% service, 30% Dev and the rest in sales.
Andy Reinland: Yes, I think that's basically what we're laying out there. And obviously, we have some elements of our business on the software side that could drive that, but we're not planning on that improvement as we model out the year.
Andy Reinland: And then Erik, for your question on new versus existing. So in this quarter, as we look it new business was about 47% and existing business was 53%. You compare that to a year ago where new business was about 40% versus 60%. So we are definitely seeing a trend to new business, which we think is those ACE opportunities.
Andy Reinland: Yes. We have not seen a change in the competitive environment other than our comments on increasing win rates. So yes, pricing has not changed.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So it's actually been fairly constant over the last 2 quarters, right at 100,000. And interestingly enough, if you go back to Q4 a year ago, it was right at 100,000. So we've seen it be pretty consistent at that level.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John McAdam. I'll answer the second question regarding the competition. I mean, nothing's changed in terms of the competitors that we're up against. But if you look at what's changed from our perspective is that we're -- obviously, we've completed the product refresh and we believe that the product refresh that we've done makes us more competitive. Also, we've added a lot of functionality to our software portfolio that I talked about. And if you look at CR security products, we think we've got best-of-breed throughout the main solution portfolio, so we're in really good position. Also, our competitive win rates. I think Andy actually mentioned this, our competitive win rates were at record levels last quarter. So we've talked about it being in the high 80s and the 90s. They actually hit record levels, which would imply that we're in a good position from a competitive perspective.
John McAdam: Okay. Just on the first part, yes, as I said, it really was a tale of 2 halves in fiscal 2013. If you look at the first half, we really -- we were in the -- not even in the middle of the product refresh. We'd started it at the beginning of the year, and we started bringing in some products. It was pretty well-known that we were doing the product refresh. It's hard to actually judge what the Osborne effect was in that with customers delaying. But there's definitely was some of it. So I think that was an area. The other thing that we talked about is the $1 million transactions in the first half, indicating a pretty tough spending environment from our perspective. We saw improvement in that in Q4, so I think we've seen across the enterprise, in particular, definitely an uptick in spending in Q4. And then of course, we didn't have -- we don't have that Osborne effect affecting us at all. The other thing -- so that's that. Then the other thing I think has definitely helped us in the second half is adding more software functionality, more solutions and expanding the market. The best example of that is the advanced firewall manager that we actually started, I think shipping that towards the end of February. But it really started to take off in the second half and that's also been a good driver. So there's been some fairly significant changes between those 2 halves, and I think that's the biggest difference.
John McAdam: I think to answer that question, you really need to sort of understand our strategy in that market. Our strategy in the ADC market, and it's been that since we come out with TMOS years ago, but the strategy is basically to make sure that our solution, the ADC, application delivery controller, is really a base platform that can be built on with extra solutions. And as you build those extra solutions, you are increasing your market. So we have constantly, over the years, increased the ADC market. Is load balancing a mature market? Absolutely. Is it significant to our strategy? Not that much. I mean we've got the best load balancer, but the key for us is our security solution, our service provider solutions, the expansion areas in the market. And from that, I would say it's the opposite. I'd say it was the ADC market, we are constantly making it an ever-increasing and newer type market.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean, it was pretty broad based. I mean, if you look at some of the drivers we talk about, clearly, I mentioned the ACE replacements that we did during the year, that has obviously been a good opportunity for us, and that is very, very broad based. Security has been awesome, so security has continued. But in terms of the overall data center spending, especially in the enterprise, that was pretty wide and we saw bigger deals coming in as well. We didn't -- it wasn't linked to 2 or 3 really big opportunities. It was more broad based, but we did see an uptick on the higher end, million-dollar-plus orders.
John McAdam: Yes. On the first part, I mentioned in my introduction that approximately 30% of the sales we made in fiscal 2013 had one or more of the security modules involved in the sale. So clearly, that's a pretty -- and that's up pretty significantly from the previous year, I mentioned this a couple of times, security has been a strong driver. The issue we have, and we really don't have any solution to this, is that the reason we wanted it the way we have is that our customers do more than just security with our products. That's the whole point of the ADC strategy. I mean, you could -- if you made a very strong -- if you're very biased towards security, you could say most of that business was driven that way, but that's not quite the case, its driven by a range of our portfolio of solutions, but up significantly from the previous year and linked into 30%, approximately 30% of the overall sales bookings that we're making.
John McAdam: Yes, and just on that you mentioned about partnering with Cisco, we -- if you look globally, there has been the odd situation where that happened. But frankly, it's been tactical and where sales teams may want to work together. The interesting thing is, we certainly don't compete with them much. There's not much competitive overlap at all. But from an ACE perspective, we feel pretty comfortable about our value proposition, partnering or not.
John McAdam: These are the deals that can often be more than million dollars plus and also they can be Tier 1 providers.
John McAdam: Okay. Yes. On ACE, absolutely. I mean, we reckon the installed base is probably $1 billion plus. But the key thing we keep hammering on, because it's very real, we've got great experience of this now, is that when we do an ACE replacement it's typically a new project and certainly -- or a new account for us and it means we can sell more of our solution portfolio. Security is the best example, but not the only example. So as we've seen this pattern, so we think it's the actual market opportunity is much bigger than $1 billion. So it's probably at least a 2- to 3-year market we will be talking about. But remember, once we get into accounts like these accounts, we sell much more so it's effectively an everlasting opportunity for us. And what was the -- oh, Japan was the other question. Yes, you're right. I mean, we -- what we're seeing in Japan is we definitely saw a big jump in business after the tsunami, and I think there was clearly a lot of data center builds happened. And last year, in particular, 2013, was a pretty tough comparison every single quarter, with those data center build-outs. So we would expect to see year-over-year growth now in most, if not all quarters. We'll see, we'll take this a step at a time, growth in Japan. So not too worried about it. I do think 2014 is going to look better from a comparison's perspective.
John McAdam: I mean, the question has been asked 2 or 3 times. Just to be really clear on this, the gross margin that we're talking about is about consulting resources and professional services. To push projects faster, get product revenue faster and increase customer satisfaction, and we're seeing a real demand for it from the customer base, so it's not something we can ignore.
John McAdam: Yes, it's John here. I mean, basically, first of all, main thing is that we've got great pipeline there. We had a pretty good Q4. We feel really good about our team. But I think you'd be crazy right now to make any future type statements on a federal government, in particular, I'm talking about. So we'll just see how things roll out. But I think in terms of what we do across the government, the fact that it's very Internet-based, the fact that their consolidating data centers, I think is going to remain a good vertical for us. But we're certainly not going to talk forward-looking, especially in the short-term over the next 6 months. We'll see -- we're clearly taking a conservative view when we come up with guidance.
John McAdam: Andy stated in his introduction, I think he actually repeated in the question that we would expect to see product revenue growth year-over-year each quarter next year.
John McAdam: Okay. I don't like to be aggressive here but, clearly, we've made this point a couple of times. So I'll make it again and please don't ask anybody else on the call. The consultancy is why the gross margin -- we're going to see some small decline there. It's not in product. We feel really strong about our product competitiveness. We've added more software modules, so there's always a chance that we actually can improve that. And we're not being pushed in services down to the lower-type end [ph]. We're actually, it's incremental. Our core Services business remains great with high renewal rates, high attach rates, all that good stuff. But as we get more and more complex environments, whether it's large rollouts or whatever, customers would like more and more consultancy from us and we're addressing that customer needs.
John McAdam: Yes. It's definitely been a tough environment. I know -- probably like you have been listening to other vendors as well. I mean, we're just seeing a tough spending environment that basically the number of government-sponsored projects seems to be reduced. I don't know how long it's going to last. Our exposure isn't massive. I mean, we've got good operation in China, a number of offices there. But it's a smaller percentage of our business. I don't think it's a massive exposure. And frankly, moving forward, I don't think it's a big exposure at all because we probably have a low baseline there, but we did think we should call it out.
John McAdam: All right. They're both in Manny's field. I'll mention -- He can mention the security, I'll just talk again about telco. It's hard to predict in terms of if you took the whole year where we think it will be percentage-wise. I think you're going to see a similar trend of what we've seen. So some good quarters as projects rollout, and then maybe some not too good ones as we've seen some project delays. But we really do see some strong opportunities in telco. We think we've got great a strategy with the consolidation strategy that fits exactly where they want to go in terms of reducing the number of boxes, having them in one consolidated solution, whether it's Policy Management, Traffix D, security. Security and sales, we think could definitely be extremely good for us, especially if we execute on these trials and bring the functionality that we're working on feverishly. We think that could be a very big opportunity for us. And then as we've mentioned a couple of times, we feel our Traffix win rate is definitely improving, and improved dramatically over the last fiscal year. So we've got some real good tangible drivers there. So Manny can talk about security and obviously, comment on telco as well.
Manuel F. Rivelo: I'll just comment, Troy, a couple of thoughts. I think John captured it very well. What we're seeing in the service provider arena is we're seeing service providers needing to do a couple of things. One is reduce their total cost of ownership of their networks and really address the economics out of the equation. So we're working with service providers on how we take our agency platform, really the combination of services, and deploy those services in their infrastructure, either physical implementation and/or software implementation for their NFV deployments that are out there. And really, that's about service consolidation, moving from this concept of device sprawl to eloquently managing their services. In that arena, they're also looking -- moving very aggressively in addressing the monetization side of the house. And to do that, they're becoming much more application-centric in guaranteeing quality of service, if you will, or experience to the applications. Well, what becomes really interesting is then that they need to start addressing a lot of the ADC characteristics around accelerating applications, making them available, but also the security concerns of those applications. So we think we're pretty well aligned, but as John pointed out, they take a while because they are big deals. They tend to move a little slower because of the implementations. But we feel confident with our security solutions. We feel very confident with our application and Traffix steering solutions, and really confident also with our Diameter stock to take advantage of the 4G movement that's out there.
Manuel F. Rivelo: All right. So we are seeing those deal across the globe in every single theater and they start out relatively small, but they're all maturing to very significant opportunities for us right now. And as you know, the 4G movement is really still in its infancy in the sense that only 1/3 of the global operators in the world have moved to Diameter. But the movement over the next couple of years is to 100%. So we expect that these 400 or so mobile operators out there that are going to be implementing Diameter solutions and only growing, over that window of time, their needs.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Brian, let me give you some more background on security area. So if we feel look at security, it's a little broader than that, just the NexGen firewall. And we'll break this out for you in 2 weeks or in New York at the Analyst Day. But some of the markets that we're after are the firewall market, and that is not the NexGen traditional firewall market, think about that more as the -- or the NexGen new market, think about it more as the traditional firewall market, which is a $2 billion market. But above and beyond that market, we're in a security market segment around web application firewall. We are in the market around web access management. We're in the market around remote access, DDoS protection, mobile security management and web anti-fraud. So the market is significantly larger and has a very large CAGR that's actually going to exceed that $7 billion. So we'll share that information with you, but it's much more than just firewall, it's a whole solution set, both for the user, for the network and for the applications.
