Andrew Reinland: Thank you John. For FQ1 2012 F5 achieved sequential revenue gains and solid year-over-year growth exceeding both revenue and earnings guidance. Revenue of $322.4 million which exceeded the high end of our $315 million to $320 million guided range grew 2.5% from the prior quarter and 20% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $.83 per diluted share was above our guided range of $.79 to $.81. Excluding stock based compensation expense, Non-GAAP EPS of $1.03 per diluted share was also above our guided range of $.99 to $1.01. Product revenue of $196.6 million grew 15% year-over-year and represented 61% of total revenue. Service revenue of $125.9 million grew 29% year-over-year and accounted for 39% of total revenue. Book to bill for the quarter was greater than one. On a geographic basis all regions contributed to the company’s solid year-over-year growth. Accounting for 59% of the total, revenue from the Americas grew 20% from FQ1 2011. EMEA, which represented 21% of revenue grew 14% from Q1 of last year. APAC accounted for 14% of revenue and grew 28% year-over-year. And Japan contributed 6% of revenue, a 22% increase year-over-year. During Q1 our application delivery networking business contributed $316.9 million. This compares to $307.3 million in Q4 and $261.7 million in Q1 a year ago. Revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $5.5 million compares to $7.3 million in Q4 and $7.2 million in Q1 of last year. Telco was our strongest vertical in Q1 representing 23% of total sales. Financial was 21%, technology 17% and government was 9% including US Federal which accounted for 4% of the total. In Q1 we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet which represented 17.9% of total revenue and Engro Micro which accounted for 13.7%. Driven by exceptional strength and software sales, our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.8%. Excluding approximately $2.5 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 83.5%. GAAP operating expenses of $167 million were above our target range of $161 million to $165 million. Excluding $19.6 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were $147.5 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.9%. Our Non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock based compensation expense, was 37.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 34.6%. Excluding stock based compensation our Non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.6%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $131.9 million contributing to total cash and investments of $1.1 billion at quarter end. Free cash flow for the quarter was $126 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.9 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $5.8 million. ESO at the end of Q1 was 52 days. Inventories were $17.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 11% sequentially to $380 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 2615 employees, an increase of 125 from the prior quarter. During Q1 we repurchased approximately 320,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $107.65 per share for a total of $34 million. Approximately $332 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. Looking ahead to Q2, based on our solid year-over-year growth, the strength of our pipeline and the productivity of our sales organization, we believe F5 will continue to generate sequential revenue growth throughout fiscal 2012. We remain confident in achieving revenue growth of at least 20% for fiscal year 2012 and expect to see acceleration in year-over-year product revenue growth in the current quarter. Our revenue target for FQ2 of 2012 is $332 million to $337 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 82% to 83% range; including approximately $2.5 million of stock based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $170.5 million to $174.5 million. This includes approximately $20.5 million of stock based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is $.84 to $.86 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.05 to $1.07 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35%. Excluding stock based compensation we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33.5%. We plan to increase our head count by more than 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the upper 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $19 million to $21 million. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $100 million reflecting a large sequential increase in our federal tax payments as is customary in our FQ2. With that I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. I think it’s very comparable to 90 days ago. We usually talk about for the current quarter, you know, we get down to the deal level and we think we have good visibility on that. And then even six months or two quarters out we still think the visibility’s pretty good. So I don’t think it’s changed much.
Andrew Reinland: But for certain priority for spending is going to security for a lot of these enterprise customers. And I think now more than ever our competitiveness in these different businesses has never been stronger. So feature parody or superiority is pretty clear across the board for us.
Andrew Reinland: And Roe we’ve talked in the past about for our business in particular the five that Q4 usually in the Telco space is seasonally down. So if you look at the last two Q1s for us, it was 21% and 21%. So actually the sequential down is in line with our expectations but a better quarter then we historically seen Q4.
John McAdams: Yes the deferred revenue, the end of this quarter, the end of the calendar year so we do see a large bookings quarter every Q1 going back over time. But this was a very good quarter. No exceptional deals in there, just keep chasing every piece of renewal business down that there is.
John McAdams: We’re not indicating that we expect to see a better gross margin profile. But we’ll see. And the reason I say that is that obviously with the VIPRION 2400 there is much more opportunity to add software solutions. First of all BCMP, which is new which has got license associated with it, I mentioned in my introduction that we’re seeing a strong interest in that. So by definition there we’re going to see more software on the 2400 platform And then the factor is performance functionality, which leads us to believe there will be more module attachments. Because that’s what we started to see last quarter. But we’re not giving any numbers out on that. We just think it’s certainly going to be a good trend.
John McAdams: Yeah I think we’ve always done that but maybe it’s not been so clear. First of all as data increases within the service provider networks, pure data then obviously LTE will increase that dramatically and clearly more data’s increasing it dramatically as well. As that increases our potential for optimization increases dramatically. So that is a core key driver for us. And the other thing to think about our business is that, and I think we said this before as well, we don’t tend to be looked upon as the plumbing that’s put in as networks are being built. We do get involved in that architecture however as the data’s increasing and the complexities increasing and there’s more need to mass size that data, to monetize it, that’s when our products really come into the ruin. And clearly VIPRION, the chassis has been very, very popular there. And then the other area is within the service provider space and maybe Karl you can call on it, like firewall has been very strong as well.
John McAdams: Well it’s (inaudible) so we expect the 2400 to gain more and more attraction. We expect version 11 to gain more and more traction as we do with verticals like security solutions as well. But that is based upon a bigger pipeline. I mentioned our pipeline is very strong at the moment. I think we’ve taken an appropriately cautious view of the cause rates and the fact of the pipeline, you know, given the potential risks in the economy. But the pipeline is extremely strong right now.
John McAdams: And also, not to miss that massive price performance increase. So you know the actual price performance is dramatic as to where the 2400 sale versus the existing range of products.
John McAdams: You really answered the question there during the question in that software attach rate is significant. There’s no question about it. And the fact that we’ve got more pair within the hardware solutions to add more software. And you mentioned VCMP, which is obviously really taking up by the customers. And then the virtual edition as well when we talked about the growth, the year-over-year growth in that. So there’s no question that there’s been a makeshift in terms of software that helped our gross margin.
John McAdams: Yeah I think the 2400 is similar to the regular product line in terms of the ability to ship it. In terms of Telco versus enterprise, I’m not sure we’ve got that data. Typically in the service provider space the 4400, the high one, has been more popular. But that’s more- I mean I don’t have the data behind that. So most of the 2400 is probably swaying towards security, swaying towards the enterprise at the moment. And that’s something we’ll maybe check for the next call.
John McAdams: The visibility generally we feel good about. And if you look at the sheer volume and we look at the fact of the pipeline and we look at the close rates that we are applying to that, you know that feels good to us and we don’t see any red flag there at all. Federal of course the visibility there is not so good. But hoping it gets better as we go through the year but we did see delays in projects that we’ve already won, we know we’re going to get the business but the actual purchase order didn’t come out and federal was a little bit disappointing on that basis. So I think it’s too early to say the visibility in federal has jumped up completely but you know I would say the decline is it was only 4% of our business and I’m not quite sure where the bail went on the federal vertical but that’s what we’re seeing. The rest of the business we feel good. As Andy said, we always feel pretty good about our visibility on a quarterly basis with our fact of pipeline and our assumptions there and the forecasting mechanism that we’ve got with the sales force. We feel reasonable about our six-month profile in terms of the way the business is shaping up. And then it gets more cloudy as you go beyond the six months. In other words there’s no major change really in the visibility.
John McAdams: You got me smiling again. So we basically have a goal of at least 20% growth for this fiscal year. I do believe actually that version 11, the core version 11 that we’ve done with the feature sets that we’ve got there, the trends in service provider in terms of the data, the acceptance that we’re now seeing our customers in terms of being a security player, I really think they’re going to play out this year. And they certainly played out in the quarter. So I think as we look back I think that’s what you’re going to see. You’re going to see strong 2400 with no real competition against it. I think that towards the end of the year as we refresh the low end we should see some opportunity there as well.
John McAdams: I mean we don’t typically break out, for example, what we’ve done within the security space in the quarter. We did say that the application firewall revenues were the best ever. And we did say that we saw some good sequential growth in our access technology like APM and Edge Gateway, and they are significant. I mean they are non-trivial in terms of growth and as a percentage of the revenue that we do. But then you get into the subject of variant security. For we may be putting in a large 2400 installation to do as an application firewall that’s also doing one optimization and then also is doing application optimization. And that gets quite subjective in doing that. So that’s why we tend not to get specific numbers. But the ASN with security only type solutions, the access, you know, they’re very important.
John McAdams: I mean you know Brian you know we don’t give out the attach rates specifics of our modules. But to give you an idea, if you look at the larger account base that we’ve got and you look at the geographies, ASM has been very, very strong in Europe, it’s becoming stronger and stronger in North America. The sales force and the AFC are becoming much more security savvy. You may have seen we hired a new person in the team, Manuel Rivelo, and that’s his goal is to push that security throughout the sales force and optimize the solutions. It’s pretty critical. But we don’t give the actual attach rate.
John McAdams: And just in closing, an obvious statement on security is that security is really becoming right to the forefront of our customers. So we’re really at the right time here in terms of the application solution that we have.
John McAdams: I’m not going to be specific to that. Let me just do the pipeline. Telco is very important to our pipeline, there’s no doubt about that. And we do see some really large projects out there. But by nature given that they’re large projects you can see some lumpiness. But the pipeline as we look forward in the service pipeline we feel very good about it. We think we’re definitely making progress in terms of identifying the solutions that we really bring to the market that are very, very core to the business of Telco’s. So that’s really important.
Karl Triebes: Yeah I mean one of the big benefits of the VIPRION is we’re able to consolidate a lot of features and functionality. And one of the things that we’ve been asked by a lot of the surf providers to date is enhancing our firewall capabilities. And this includes having performance, having some very fundamental things like a better rule space language and management functionality behind that. And that’s what we talked about at the analyst day. And that continues to progress. There’s a lot of other things too. You know the other piece is iRules and we get involved a lot with helping scale various parts of their infrastructure including things such as diameter or SIP or some of the other protocols that are running there. We also get called upon to do things like traffic steering. And traffic steering is based upon content and connections. And so VIPRION’s really good at that and our infrastructure’s very good at that. And with the performance, you know, it’s just a natural thing to be placing behind either the PGW or the GGSN and their infrastructure.
Karl Triebes: Part of it is the surf provider business obviously. As they’re scaling their infrastructure that’s putting increasing demand, as John mentioned in his script for the VIPRION placement. And if we penetrate more into those accounts we’re also doing more advanced things in terms of how we may- doing- working with traffic, providing security features and functionality and other things. And so that just puts more demand on capacity. And so I think part of it’s that. I think parts are supports fro BC&P and some are other functionalities around IOPs because we’re able to slice up their infrastructure and you know build a variety of different virtuals with big IP. And so that’s attractive because you can reduce the numbers of clients you have to put around there. And then also just to note, our revenue grew both for the 2400 and the 4400; it wasn’t just one or the other. So that encompasses both when we talk about VIPRION. But really it’s traffic. It’s also security and other applications are getting attached and I think Telco probably.
Karl Triebes: So to your question about lead times, I don’t think our lead times for any of our platforms extended during the quarter at all. And I actually don’t know the answer to the make up of the backlog but I don’t think it’s anything different than normal to highlight there.
