Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the context of our Q1 seasonality, F5 achieved solid revenue results in line with our expectations. Revenue of $489.5 million was at the top of our guided range of $480 million to $490 million, up 6% from the first quarter of fiscal 2015. As a result of both disciplined operational management and the benefit from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, we achieved GAAP EPS of $1.28 per share, well above our guidance of $1.13 to $1.16; and non-GAAP EPS of $1.73 per share, also well above our guidance of $1.58 to $1.61. Product revenue of $234.7 million in the first quarter was down 2.6% year-over-year and accounted for 48% of total revenue. Service revenue of $254.8 million grew 14.9% year over year and represented 52% of total revenue. Accounting for 55% of the total, revenue from the Americas was up 3.8% from the first quarter of fiscal 2015. EMEA, which represented 26% of revenue, grew 9.3% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 15% of revenue and grew 7.5% year over year. And Japan revenue, representing 5% of total, grew 4.3% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 62% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 23% and government sales were 14%, including 5% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q1, we had four greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which represented 19.7% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 14.6%; Avnet, representing 13.9%; and Arrow, which accounted for 11%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.5%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.9%. GAAP operating expenses of $272.9 million were within our target range of $268 million to $277 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $238.3 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.3%. Reflecting the one-time benefit from the retroactive reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit, our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 32.1%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 30.6%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was a record $203.9 million. In Q1, we repurchased just under 1.9 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $105.94 for a total of $200 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.175 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q1 was 51 days. Inventories were $33.6 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $13.3 million. Deferred revenue increased 23% year over year to $837.5 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,275 employees, an increase of 95 from the prior quarter. Moving on to our Q2 outlook, with an increasingly uncertain macro-environment, we believe it is prudent to take a conservative approach to our outlook for the current quarter. Our revenue target for the second quarter is $480 million to $490 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be at or around 82.5% including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84%. For Q2, we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $272 million to $281 million including approximately $38 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 36.5% and the non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.13 to $1.16 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.61 to $1.64 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by at least 50 employees in the current quarter. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be greater than $125 million reflecting the impact of two federal tax payments that we normally incur during our fiscal second quarter. We remain confident in the competitive strength of our product portfolio, our expanding footprint in security and our strategic position for the emerging cloud opportunity. We expect that these factors combined with improving sales execution, our upcoming new product introductions and platform refreshes will enable us to re-accelerate our top-line growth in the back-half of fiscal 2016 and beyond. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So we actually don’t disclose it. It’s still, as John said in his script early days, that we like the traction that we are seeing, we like the customers that we’re winning and expect that to continue. In terms of providing headwinds, I’m not sure what you mean by that. Do we think it displaces appliances? No, we don’t. We think it’s complementary to our current offerings and actually it is part of our differentiation.
Andy Reinland: Yes. When the board decides to move forward with the share repurchase we put it against the 10b5-1 plan that has tiering for different pricing levels and we saw that kick in.
Andy Reinland: Yes, there’s no change in how we’re managing. And I said at least 50, meaning it could be higher. We’re just going to balance that as we watch the quarter roll out, but directly ties to our guidance. So we brought on 95 last quarter; we’re absorbing them this quarter. And with our guidance and wanting to hit our targets that we put out there, 50 is the right number to start with.
John McAdam: Okay. This is John in the first one. Then I’ll hand over to Julian to talk about services. No, our absolute focus is on product revenue growth. But by definition that will grow the overall revenue. I mean, you’ve seen the success we have in the service business with the deferred revenue. So we feel really good with that and the visibility of that revenue moving forward and Julian can again comment on that. It’s all about product revenue growth and clearly these business drivers. We’re absolutely very, very focused in delivering them, and so that we’ll get our product revenue growth, and then will give us total top-line growth.
John McAdam: And one other thing, Julian, you might want to comment, I was impressed by the QBR, was that on the consultancy how much we’re doing remotely.
John McAdam: Yes, so on the first question, I mean, obviously, we’re looking at macro and we did take account of that, no question. We did see and I said in my script, we saw some slowdown on forecasted deals that happened towards the end - especially in Americas towards the end of the quarter. And we took that to some degree into account. So it’s a combination of all of the above. And we had the whole of sales management. John DiLullo had his team over and we had meetings, significant meetings last week. And we did our usual thing. We think we’re being cautious. We hope we’re being cautious. And yes, we did take the macro into account.
John McAdam: Not really. If you look at the verticals, the split of verticals, it was pretty similar to what we normally see. And it was pretty similar to in terms of performance within the geographies as well, so not really. And then, you asked the question as well, sorry, about the new products coming. Obviously, you check that and that’s something we’ll look at. I don’t think - we’ve taken that into account. We don’t think we’ll see that. We have seen a big interest in the 100-gig product from the service provider. But having said that, we feel it was reasonably a good pipeline of existing business in the service provider pipeline anyway.
John McAdam: No. Okay. Well, I mean, basically, very straightforward, I mean, the sales force believed that we’re going to get some closed deals and they didn’t happen. And they can happen for all sorts of reasons. It could be the CFO stopping at the last minute. It could be optimism from the sales force. I mean, these things happen and you try and take account of that. Nothing - in terms of talking about metrics, remember we did right at top of our range at - in terms of last quarter from the revenue perspective, so clearly any small number of deals above that is a very, very good thing to have. But we’re not talking about massive amounts of slowdown, but, yes. I mean, when you are at the top of the range and you could go over and you see some slow deals, they’re all important.
John McAdam: Yes. I think it is pretty balanced personally. Anybody else can chip into this, but I think it’s quite balanced. I mean, I’ll out - there is one or two obvious things at the 100-gig board, right. That’s clearly service providers mainly. But the big drivers of that remains security. The product refresh is across the board. We did mention a FIPS solution for finance. But I don’t think that will change the dynamics of the verticals. So not really, no, I don’t see that. It’s more horizontal.
John McAdam: That’s true. And the traffic sales have been reasonable, still low numbers to be frank, but reasonable over the last couple of quarters. We’ve got lot of customer base. But, no, the thing that gets us excited at the moment, I mean, the Gi Firewall has done very well. When I retire - I talked a number of times about the Gi Firewall sales in the tier 1 in U.S. The good news is we’re starting to see that globally now with sales in EMEA and sales in Asia and at Asia-Japan as well. So we feel very good about that security in general. NFV, NFV is another big area for us. We think we got a great position there with NFV. We talked about where we’re - we’re looking to get a leading performance of 10-gig up to 40-gig. That will make a big difference in NFV. So, yes, they are the hot buttons for us right now.
John McAdam: No, no. Especially if you look at the DDoS wins, a lot of them we never heard of the customers and maybe had an emergency and allows us to actually get into new customers. And that’s one of the reasons we say. We’re really going to pump up the resources in Silverline, because we think we’re going to be a winner there with - in terms of inside sales specifically and obviously more resources in the portfolio as well as we have increased - we’ve put quite a lot of investment into the datacenters globally.
John McAdam: Yes. I mentioned in my opening remarks that, yes, it’s still a pretty material number in terms of millions-of-dollars that we’re booking there. And we saw some nice new big ones as well, but in truth, if you look at it from a year-over-year perspective it certainly doesn’t have the tailwind that did at last year and the previous years. But it’s still an important part of our business. The other side of it, not to lose sight of is, because we don’t count at this when we talk of ACE replacements, but when we win say a Fortune 50 company, we’ve done a few of those because of ACE, we get more and more business like security. We don’t actually call that ACE replacements moving forward. So it’s being great for us. It’s not the tailwind that it was last year having said that.
John McAdam: Yes, yes. No, and I hope it’s got a lot of conservatism, because that’s what it should have I think in this environment. Now, first of all it’s not abnormal for EMEA to have a very strong sales quarter at the end of a calendar year. It’s happened in the past. Having said that, they tend to have a tougher next quarter, this current quarter that we’re in and we’ve taken account of that. APAC, we’ve seen a lot of changes in APAC. We have put new management in there over a year ago. He is doing a tremendous job and we’re really - we come to see the benefits of that. So that wasn’t that surprising either. In terms of Americas, one of the things we did see and we haven’t seen this yet, but we did see that from a vertical perspective that service provider was pretty strong. We did see a little bit of the drop in Americas. We actually feel better about that this current quarter as well, so no real big trend to latch onto.
John McAdam: I would call it more of a pause. We actually we - we’re reasonably confident moving into these closing stages. And obviously that confidence was misplaced in Americas, but, no, I didn’t - it was more of a pause at the end. And then, what we have done? We just checked actually today. We’ve basically seen a number of those deals that didn’t close, actually closed already.
John McAdam: So on the deferred revenue balance, the first statement to make is Silverline is not in that at all. So that’s a completely separate balances in the product number, not in the services piece. The reason for the services deferred acceleration versus the revenue is, yes, you’re right, some of it is - support contracts are taking out for year-two and year-three. And we saw some of that in the BRIC countries, where they try and do guarantee the price out into the second and third year. So, Brazil actually was quite strong for us there. And then the other piece is our consulting revenue has grown, but the consulting bookings have grown fast as we’ve sold more consultants for a year at a time which you cannot obviously take the revenue in the short-term.
John McAdam: Oh, yes. And obviously, you have to be very careful about that. If you look at the time, a few years ago or three years ago I think it was when we did the last product refresh, we did it. We frankly took a year to do the refresh. And I think we paid for that. And we will not take a year this year. We will do it quicker. But when we look at the pipeline, we don’t - we think we’re okay. We think we’re going to manage through that quite well. And obviously, we will start most of the - a lot of the new products is next quarter. And some of them are on different areas, brand new areas, so that we should be safe with that. And then, the larger product refresh we see happening in this sort of Q4 time scales, and again I think we’ll manage through that.
John McAdam: Yes, okay. I wouldn’t see a change. I mean, so I don’t see as - I think you still see the conservatism that we’ve hopefully always had in the M&A space. Frankly, evaluations look a little bit better these days, which is good-news/bad-news; but that they do. We may broaden the lens somewhat. Obviously, we’re very, very interested in increasing our security business and that may be an area. But we will be conservative, but we are getting bigger. And, yes, so, I’m saying we’re not changing, but the company is getting bigger. So to some degree we may look at some other stuff that we wouldn’t have looked at five years ago.
John McAdam: Oh, yes. So this isn’t a move to purpose-built appliances in general. I mean, we - it’s not that. However, we see some real opportunities with things like SSL Intercept with SSL Air Gap with specific DDoS behavior analysis type capability. We just - we see opportunities. And, I mean, it’s catalog-only for this. But it’s a fairly easy technology roadmap to move forward to. So we’re going to take advantage of that. It’s not that we’re - we sat back and said, oh, my goodness, we need to move away from our TMOS platform approach to special. But we haven’t done that at all. In fact, if you look at what we’re doing with that we were building VIPRION with 100-gig, it’s almost the opposite in the other side. And then, when you look at the overall refreshes, they are very much in the same vein as have been before.
