Francois Locoh-Donou: Hey, Alex, I'll take the first part and perhaps Frank can comment on the revenue recognition portion. So, the way that our customers are consuming our software is both via perpetual licenses and also via ELAs, which are typically three-year subscription agreements, and also one year subscriptions. The part of the business in software that has the fastest growth is in fact the subscription portion of the business because it gives our customers a lot more flexibility in terms of their own cost models and also the ability to consume the features as they go. So, we're seeing a lot of traction with these consumption models. And we're seeing a range of deals -- to your point around deal size, ranges from small kind of one year subscription that are typically multiple tens of Ks all the way to multimillion dollar, three-year enterprise license agreements.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Paul, thanks for the question. On NGINX, no, it does not displace either our perpetual software, sort of virtual edition offerings or Silverline. So, Silverline is essentially a managed security services platform for customers that want to consume WAF and DDoS and other security services with associated 24x7 support and leveraging our infrastructure to scrub the traffic and provide managed services to them. NGINX is a great platform for DevOps' environment, essentially injecting application services in the code of application logic. And it plays to a very different market than the market we have played in to-date, either with Silverline or with our Virtual Editions.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I know this one has gathered quite a bit of interest after the VMware acquisition. So, I am going to take the time to answer your question thoroughly and put a few facts on the table. So, Avi is essentially a software load balancer with the value proposition around nice analytics and nice GOE. [Ph] And where that value prop plays is in use cases where a customer would value the GOE [ph] and analytics over having a truly lightweight, truly scalable solution. And I’ll tell you that this is actually a very small fraction of the market. And let me be specific about that. Historically, we have seen them in less than 2% of our deals. Even when we’ve seen them, we win the large majority of these deals. Even in the light -- the accounts that they have claimed to be lighthouse accounts for them, we’ve looked at them, and F5 sales for the most part has 95% or more of the wallet share we ADC in these accounts. And then, going back to some of these lighthouse accounts, we’ve seen a number of customers that are coming back to F5 from Avi because of lack of scale, lack of features or difficulty in getting the stock operationlized. So, that’s where historically things have been. And I just wanted to make sure the facts were clear on that. Now, VMware is a great company. We have a lot of respect for them, we do partner with them. And of course they’re going to provide larger distribution for Avi. But where I think this is going to play out is the VMware Avi proposition I think will appeal to customers who’ve gone all in on NSX and value, deep integration between NSX and a software load balancer, more than they value a true multi-cloud architecture and a broad range of application services. But again, I think that’s going to be a fairly limited portion of the market. So, let me get to how we’re going to compete with -- in the space. The first piece around this, GOE [ph] and analytics, frankly we’re neutralizing that with our controller, which as you heard in my prepared remarks is going to be released within the next six -- and this is the combined NGINX and F5 controller, which is a combination of the NGINX controller that’s in the market and the work that F5 has done on our cloud application services platform, there’s a lot of excitement about this combined platform. But beyond just that, when we looked at the market and ended up buying NGINX, we’ve always said this was an offensive play on the architectures of the future. And so, what we did is we looked at all the players in the virtual ADC space and we moved very quickly on what we believed was the most attractive asset in that space. And we chose NGINX because number one, they have the smallest footprint, which enables them to be inserted in micro services environment, they’re a natural fit for these cloud-native micro services environments. Number two, they have proven scalability. They are the platform that everybody built on and the largest public clouds around the world are built on NGINX. And number three, they are a true platform that enables a broad range of application service including things like API gateway, app security, app server. They’re not a virtual appliance with the sort of constraints and limitations. And so for all these reasons, NGINX is a natural choice for DevOps and application development teams. And that’s why we chose NGINX and we’re very excited with what the combination of F5 and NGINX will do in the market.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Sami. Look, I think, you can look at it this way. We are -- for now, we're placing significant emphasis and focus on augmenting our balance sheet and rebuilding our cash balance. But, we're going to continue to look at opportunities in the marketplace, whether it's potential M&A, or if the opportunity presents itself potentially more buyback. All these options are on the table. But in the very short-term, there is more emphasis on rebuilding our cash balance.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I don't necessarily think that the factors you mentioned, Sami, would lead to further deceleration on the hardware side, because there are also other sort of compensating factors when you look in 2020. I think, we should probably see a bit more from service provider around sort of capacity upgrades that are more naturally hardware driven. We also have some evolution of our own platforms, hardware platforms that would contribute to that. So, I think, there are factors on both sides of that equation. We've taken all of that into account when we have given our guidance for Horizon 1 around mid-single-digit growth. And I think we're still comfortable with that guidance. Now, in that guidance, Sami, what our thought was that hardware would decline sort of low-single-digit to flat and software would go in the 35% to 40% range. Given what we've seen over the last six months, I think, it's fair to say that software is going to grow a little faster and hardware is going to decline, also a little faster than what we thought. But at this point, it's hard to give you a hard answer on the exact numbers for each. But overall, we're still seeing the balance of revenue growth is going to be what we thought.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Sami, it's a good example of a carrier that is moving to NFV in anticipation of the 5G rollout. And in this case, they bought software, essentially. It was a 100% software ELA with a number of virtual functions included in the deal.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Well, Rod, I think, if you look at -- first of all, I think, looking at just the ADC markets, the fairly narrow lens to look at when it comes to F5, now, as I said in my prepared remarks, I think, we're really becoming more of a multi9cloud application services player. And I think that's a broader opportunity. Now, that being said, if you’re going to look with the lens of the ADC market, overall, hardware and software, I definitely think we're gaining share. Specifically in the hardware space, how we gained share this quarter, I can't tell, I can't answer that. And we won't know until market share reports come out in a couple of quarters. But, what I can tell you is there are things that we have done that have deliberate actions for my F5 that are transitioning some of our hardware business to software. And then, this includes things we do in our software offers to make them much easier to consume and remove all of the friction that exists in our customers adopting these solutions. It also revolves around the commercial offerings and the way we structured and changed our contracting structure. And it also revolves around the things we've done on go-to-market and the incentives we’ve put in our field teams to proactively help customers who want to transition to software faster platform. And so, those actions are driven by us. Of course, there are effects that have to do with the market. And customers themselves wanted to implement software policies, and also wanting to have this multi-cloud portability, which is made easier with software. But, so, when you look at these two factors, that's what I think is driving the decline in systems, but some of which is driven by us. And the last point Rod is, we have not been losing -- if that's kind of what you're getting to, we have not been losing hardware deals, if this is your question. We actually continue to be very, very happy with the win rate on our hardware deals.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think, Rod, if you look at the analysts’ reports on ADC’s software growth, excluding -- by the way, my comments here exclude ADC-as-a-service, which is largely the latest cloud offering. I’ll come back to that in a moment. But if you exclude them, the analysts’ reports so far are pointed to say 20%ish growth rate in the ADC software market. And so, if you look at that, we definitely believe that we are gaining a significant share in the ADC software market, even though our software growth isn’t just driven by ADC, it’s also -- it also has a strong component of security which has very strong software growth. So, that’s kind of when you look at things today. So, your question around can we maintain the software growth in the coming quarters? Look, I don’t expect 90% software growth every quarter. And as I said before, I think we -- my expectation is that we are likely to do better than the 35% to 40% software growth that was put in our Horizon 1 guidance, in part because we have growth catalysts that haven’t played out yet, specifically NGINX and also F5 Cloud Services, which is more of a sort of back half of 2020 contributor and certainly a contributor in Horizon 2. So, I think both of those catalysts that are yet to materialize for us. But overall when you combine that and what’s happening with hardware I still think what we’ve shared with you for Horizon 1 is about - overall aggregate revenue growth for Horizon 1 is correct.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I’ll take the first part. And look, I think this is -- if you look at our overall revenue growth, this is playing out so far pretty much in line with what we have shared at AIM and what we have shared when we made the NGINX acquisition in terms of overall aggregate revenue growth. And I think we shared that in our Horizon 2, we expected this to pick up. And that’s still our view. But for Horizon 1, I think when you look at the dynamics combined of the transition we have to go through as a company, starting from a large base of hardware and transitioning to a majority software business, that's how it's playing out. And I think the growth rate reflects that for the time being. 
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. I would, maybe give you a couple of pointers. Overall, I think the macro environment is less healthy than it was a year ago. It's not -- I wouldn't characterize it as being kind of difficult but it is not as healthy as it was a year ago. Where we're seeing specific areas of softness, I would say, the UK and Germany and for us in Europe, and specifically the UK where uncertainty persists and we have seen a number of deals there being delayed or cancelled altogether. And I would also say specifically in hardware, we continue to see more scrutiny applied to hardware deals, of course, especially in companies that have software first policies. And so, that probably elongates the deal cycle, specifically for hardware deals.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes, Samik. So, we are -- yes, you're right, we launched F5 Cloud Services, our SaaS platform in March, and introduced our first service on the platform, which is DNS-as-a-service. And we're now, in the process of launching our next set of service -- global server load balancing actually is next and is going to -- achieve pretty soon followed by WAF-as-a-Service, et cetera. So, we are -- where we are is we're very early days. And we basically just have the first service but even on the first service, we already have the first paying customers on the platform. And we have a large number of customers in trial and we expect that the pickup will accelerate as we introduce the new service, like GSLB and WAF. In terms of -- so this obviously did not contribute to the quarter. We don't expect it to be really material, certainly not in the next three quarters. SaaS businesses have a -- take a bit of time to ramp. But certainly going into FY21 and ‘22, when we get into Horizon 2, we would expect our F5 Cloud Services platform to be a meaningful contributor to our overall business and certainly to our software growth.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Meta, I'll take the first part, and Frank will take the second part. On the 33% to 35% operating profit guidance for Horizon 1, Meta, this is mainly due to investments in our software platforms, largely NGINX and the investments we have to do there, some of F5 Cloud Services, but it's mainly NGINX. And it's not really about the go-to-market, it’s a change in the go-to-market models. Even though we have increased the size of our go-to-market teams with the addition of NGINX, this is more about the platforms than a fundamental change in our go-to-market.
Frank Pelzer: And Alex, with the adoption of 606 this year, the revenue recognition associated with a lot of subscription deals look exactly like what we would have had as perpetual deal in previous years. And so, instead of radically recognizing, you split out the value components and recognize that proportion of the revenue, which is frankly modeled after our perpetual. So, on a year-over-year comparison, it's very, very close to the same.
Frank Pelzer: So, I think, your number, Paul, for this year is correct, so the number for last year is not. It's much lower. I think it's something close to $34 million or $35 million.
Frank Pelzer: And Jeff, in terms of non-GAAP operating margin for the rest of our fiscal year, the coming quarter that we have is the rest of our fiscal year. And so, we're not providing any guidance at this point for FY20. But, as we talked about in the acquisition of NGINX, we expected that our non-GAAP operating margin in Horizon 1 was going to be in the range of 33% to 35%. This is absolutely in that range. And we did that with the anticipation of the expenses that were going to come on through the NGINX acquisition. So, that's exactly what we're seeing.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. So, all that $60 million, I think where you're getting that figure is when we talk about not just contribution from NGINX, but also some of our non-GAAP things that we have to split out. And that reconciliation can be found in the press release. And so, I'd point you to that. But some of the bigger items where there was a portion of the NGINX acquisition where it was part of the consideration but accounting makes us take that as an expense in the quarter and it was effectively a holdback or leave [ph] for key employees that was part of the deal negotiation. And so that was a large portion of that. There were some facility exit charges. And then the rest of what we would discuss would be the inflow of the new NGINX employees. So, all of that was anticipated as part of our guidance and our guidance going forward.
Frank Pelzer: It’s approx -- I think it’s actually, Simon, a little bit less than that but it’s not a number that we’re splitting out for practical purposes. We’ve already combined some of the teams together and it’s not the way we are tracking the business.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. I mean, for a long time, we’ve had plenty of cash to run the business and have chosen to do share repurchase as opposed to other things that you can do with cash, including inorganic expansion. And so, we are adding back up that flexibility to continue to use our cash for multiple purposes and we’ll be strategic with it. I can’t say that there is ultimately one level where the cash balance has to be before go back in the market and repurchase shares. That could be this quarter. 
Frank Pelzer: Yes. We don’t have any anticipation at this point of instituting a dividend. We think that that’s actually not a great tax efficient way of redistributing cash to our shareholder base, and we’d be much more off to do share repurchases as that vehicle to redistribute cash.
