John McAdam: All right. That was a pretty big question, the first one for me. So first of all, let me give you the caveats once more that we read out, which is in terms of the annual growth guidance that we’ve given. That is absolutely based on the macro economy staying in the same condition. If it deteriorates, by definition we will have issues there, so there’s no question about that. But if it stays in the same – and we have no reason to think it will change apart from watching television and listening to the news. In terms of our pipeline metrics, they look very strong. In terms of looking forward to the year, it’s very straightforward for us. The number one priority from a financial perspective is to reaccelerate product revenue growth. And as I said, we believe we can do that in Q2. We’ve looked at the sales productivity. We’ve looked at our pipeline, and we think we have a good handle on that. Obviously, areas like ADC and the VIPRION 2400 and TMOS 11 are big deals for us moving into the year as well as well as the expanding market scenarios with areas like service provider and security. So that’s a quick summary. It’s really what I said in the script, but it’s a quick summary of the question.
John McAdam: We are very conscious of the fact that last year October was very slow, and clearly we’re pushing hard the linearity, and we think we’ve got a good handle on that. However, next week is the analyst meeting, and I’m sure we’ll be pushed on that. But as normal, don’t expect us to be updating the quarter. We don’t do that.
John McAdam: Yes, seasonality – and I think if you look – we’ve looked to all the peers. We’ve looked across the technology spectrum, and it’s difficult to find any company in the technology arena that will gate any significant upwards after the quarter forward because of the sales force being very active, pushing in deals, accelerators in place. And that’s normal and that’s what’s happening. I was very clear on that a year ago, extremely clear that we are seen seasonality now and you should expect that. In fact, we actually went back and checked exactly what we said, and I don’t think we could have been clearer, and it’s very much based on that. Budget flush, who knows in this environment? But you should definitely expect seasonality now and going forward, which is pretty normal.
John McAdam: Yes, when we look at our sales bookings to track our actual sales bookings in fact, those sales bookings over the last few years have been up reasonably well in the March quarter, especially in North America, and we would expect that to continue.
John McAdam: To be specific, there was a number of I’d say – this is John, a number of multimillion dollar ADC deals, but there wasn’t one in particular that was significantly way ahead of everything else.
John McAdam: And remember, we’re the clear leader here. If you look at last quarter, the trend that we saw was a very, very strong uptick of our chassis-based solution, the new 2400, but also the 4400. There is no way any software configuration could be anything close to that running in servers.
John McAdam: Alex, this is John. First of all, we’re going to talk about this a lot more next week. We’re going to actually have some customer examples of the wins last year that talk about some of the traffic steering deals, some of the stuff we’re doing with LTE, areas like that, so I don’t want to get too detailed here. In terms of the percentage, it was 26% in Q4. We expect the rest of our business to keep growing. If you look at the business we’ve done, it may sound maybe not sexy. But with Oracle and Microsoft optimizing their applications, that had a significant growth last year. And with iApp, you’re going to see that growing as well. So I wouldn’t expect to see a massive difference in our verticals moving forward. I think that quarter on quarter because service provider can be bigger deals, there could be some lumpiness. There’s no question about that. But overall, when we look at the year, I don’t think it’s going to be substantially different.
John McAdam: We’re actually going to give an example of the wireline LTE. Mark Anderson is going to present a customer win, in fact, next week on that.
John McAdam: I think, as I say, we’re going to only talk about one customer win, but it’s really early, early days on that.
John McAdam: It’s no major change, no major change at all. Our win rate is in the high 88%, high 80%-plus, 90% range. We see Cisco, obviously, because of their presence. This is almost something I’ve been repeating for about three or four years. We see Citrix, of course. We’d like to see them more in the VDI space because we’ve got a better solution there, even in their environment. And that’s really about it.
John McAdam: That is such a difficult question to answer, and let me explain why. Because although we talk about our core ADC platform and we talk about adjacent markets, the solutions to those adjacent markets sit within our core ADC platform. So for example, ASM has been growing dramatically actually over the last couple years and a very strong year in 2011. But we don’t report that because ASM is part of the solution based on the platform that we’ve got, where probably we may be doing some web acceleration at the same time. So they’re a very important; they’re a part of the overall solution that we give. So it’s very difficult to actually put numerics beside it. Having said that, when we look at the service provider and security market in particular because we did call them out, we do believe that there’s a chunk of the firewall market specifically that we can go for. Again, it will be reported as ADC revenue. But because of our ability to understand the application, the fluency of our application product, because of the ability to handle high workloads and high connections per second that firewalls just can’t do, we expect to see that market increasing as well. And then as for service provider, we’ve talked about that. We’ve talked about the opportunities with traffic steering, with LTE, some of the stuff on the roadmap. But you should assume that when we report that, it’s all part of ADC.Tim Long – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
John McAdam: In the core with Version 11 of TMOS, and we’ve talked about that a lot and we’ll talk about it more next week, and with the VIPRION 2400 along with a pretty exciting product roadmap, we feel great about our core. Where we look for share gains is maybe like security and service provider areas like that. So we feel much more offensive than defensive from a share gain perspective.Jayson Noland – Robert W Baird: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Andrew Reinland: And then, Ittai, in terms of the current quarter, I think we have much more confidence that we see and understand the seasonality of the business where maybe a year ago we didn’t see it quite as clearly, especially coming out of the recession in 2008 and 2009. We’re much clearer on that now. And as we go through our management, sales management meetings, analyzing our factored pipeline, the assumptions we put to our close rates, it’s with that knowledge that we set this guidance. And I think we feel very confident that this is guidance we can meet and, as we say, hopefully beat, but feel strongly it’s good guidance for the quarter.
Andrew Reinland: Okay. Just really quick on the telco space, we said that for the quarter it was 26%. If you go back a year ago, it was 25%. So just from what we see in how our telco seasonality flows, we usually see a strong summer ending in September, and then we’re lighter in Q1. I don’t know that I would call out any specific deals or anything that drove that. I think it was pretty broad-based around the world.
Andrew Reinland: Yes, our view on the market right now is that we’re driving the overall market. So we’re looking at what we think we can accomplish next year given the opportunity we see out there, geographies that we can continue to penetrate. Major accounts we talk a lot. Mark had mentioned that he’s going to talk next week about our penetration into Fortune 500, Financial Times 500. We see a lot of opportunity to expand footprint, expand the market, and drive to our numbers that way.
Dan Matte: Absolutely, Rod. This is Dan. In terms of the things that people are doing, a lot of the use cases we laid out last year, traffic steering, we saw a nice deployment at Telefónica. With that, we’re seeing lots of carrier grade NAT implementations, security implementations. So again, it’s very, very broad-based from that perspective. And then the take on the competitive front, yes, absolutely, we obviously saw the announcement today as well. I guess a couple of things to bear in mind; one is that overall the virtual version of the market is projected to be about 10% of the market overall by about 2015. Also, we’re seeing very nice adoption. I’m very happy with the growth rates in sales of our virtual editions, although we’re not breaking that out, but I’m very pleased with it. And then also just as we dig down into some of the technologies and choices that have been announced today, we’ve seen approaches where people have to install things on servers fail multiple times in our markets in the past, and I don’t expect that pattern to change anytime soon. And we will compete vigorously with anybody that comes into the ADC market.
Dan Matte: Taking it on the server is there today and it’s running, and it increases the port options off the switch as you can aggregate more. But if you look at what’s running on the servers themselves, really it’s increasing the ability to run more virtual machines. It doesn’t necessarily improve the connectivity between the machines. And there’s a host...
Dan Matte: Yes, it doesn’t, no. PCI 2.0 doesn’t do that. That’s already there. That’s in place. We use it. What those chips don’t do is increase the packet rates. You can’t run essentially a full 15 million packets per second on a server link like you can a switch.
Dan Matte: I’ll add to that just really quickly. You’re absolutely spot-on with the security perimeter change. We’ve talked about that for a while. But I think the market awareness has changed dramatically in the last year, especially when you start looking at some of these high-profile attacks on banks, like with the WikiLeaks piece and all that. And that was perfect for us because for a long time, as it turns out, not only were we getting used to Layer 7 security, but often the big idea was getting leverage either with iRules or some of its inherent stateful firewall capabilities that were built into it. And we’re going to talk a lot more about that next week exactly how these things are going to roll out over the next year and what we’re going to do there.
Dan Matte: I think VMware is creating this environment of consolidation on the servers where more things are running on the back end. And then there are some other fundamental changes that are happening, the network topologies with all these APIs and other things that are going on. And so I think that’s in itself driving some of the demand characteristics and the traffic changes that we’re seeing.
Dan Matte: We’ve been competing against high quality companies since we started. And we’re used to beating high quality companies and growing our market share. And we’re really confident in our ability to continue to be able to do that because the entire company is focused on this space. It’s not a distraction like it might be for some of our competitors. But this is our focus. That’s why we’re the technology leader, and that’s why we still win 90% of the time when we go head to head.
Dan Matte: Yes, I would say from our perspective that’s not that relevant. And we’ve looked at that pretty closely just with the layout of the quarter. If we look at our linearity, our expectations against our pipeline, we feel this was a pretty solid quarter in spite of the macro.
Dan Matte: Yes, I think last year in particular, we had a great amount of revenue recognized from a big financial deal that we ended the previous fiscal year with that delivered throughout the year. So I think that might have skewed the financial vertical a little bit last year that you’re looking at. From our perspective, we feel as strong about the financial vertical as ever; really nothing to highlight there within any of our verticals that are giving us concern right now.
Karl Triebes: I’ll take those. This is Karl. Just back on the Romley question, we have a deep partnership with Intel, and we know the roadmap many years out. And we leverage Intel as well as other CPU manufacturers in our products, and we’ll be leveraging that particular CPU, and we’ll talk more about it in our upcoming platforms. Also driving this server capacity is a good thing for us as well because more traffic, more stuff on the network helps us, and then also more virtuals. One of the other things that has been very successful for us with consolidation is the fact that these virtual environments, with faster servers, people are putting more and more applications across more virtual machines. And each one of these things represents essentially a virtual address for us to deal with. And that’s something we do really well and consolidate very well. And iApp and our other functionality is just another step in improving that consolidation piece. With regards to traffic steering, this is something we get used for today, quite frankly, especially with the optimization guys. And in fact, we’ll be spending a lot more time talking about that next week when we talk about the roadmap.
Karl Triebes: Yes, absolutely, Brian. I think what we’ll see with iApp and the early trends are that more people inside of different groups within the organizations can take advantage of what we do. So we’re really making things more accessible to folks. And of course, the more they adopt it, the better it is from a revenue perspective.
Karl Triebes: Yes, so I think absolutely, we’re in lockstep in terms of our thinking there. And we talk about our products as strategic points of control, and security is absolutely one of those things that we can add value to. So whether it’s base level things where we’re providing very high performance basic security functions being one thing and we’re doing it at price/performance levels that are five to eight times better than the leading vendors out there, to more sophisticated things where we are the point of entry into people’s networks and thinking about who that user is, what they’re doing, where they’re coming from, applying all those elements into decision making in terms of whether that’s good traffic or bad traffic, you see that rolled up into our edge product, into ASM, and so forth. So I think we’re very well positioned there, Alex.
Karl Triebes: Yes, this is Karl again. Just from the technology side, if you look at what LTE is doing with the bandwidth carriers, today an average 3G connection runs at about 1 megabit. An average LTE connection is 30 megabits. So, it’s a 30x hit just in the traffic scenarios alone on the networks. And so that alone just suggests that it’s going to be an issue of bandwidth, especially at the point where this infrastructure connects to the Internet.
Karl Triebes: And then in terms of the Radware/Juniper stuff that got announced today, it’s interesting in terms of what’s going on. We’ve seen attempts to integrate things into the router before and not be very successful. The last company that did that is driving down to a low-teens market share now. And from a performance standpoint, they do outperform some of our products circa 2004. So I think it’s not a great solution out there.
