François Locoh-Donou: Jim, thanks for the question. The short answer is yes. There is -- we have a strong pipeline of software deals both for NGINX and for BIG-IP that will materialize in the second half of the year. What we did see this quarter -- so if you look at the software growth drivers, Jim, we talked about 3 growth drivers on software. And in that order, one is modern applications. Second one is security, and the third one is BIG-IP deployments in multi cloud. The first growth driver, around modern applications, is going very well, largely driven by NGINX exceeding our expectations and driven by the addition of the controller and security on NGINX and more and more customers deploying modern applications in these cloud-native and container-native environments. The second driver of security, also going to plan with more and more customers deploying security either in these modern application environments or on top of traditional applications both in systems but also in software form factors. The third driver of software growth is really the deployments of BIG-IP into multi-cloud environments and specifically some customers migrating from systems to software-first or cloud-first environments. And whilst we see continued growth on those BIG-IP deployments, what we did see this quarter is a bit of a moderation as -- on that specific driver as, customers that really need to increase their capacity to support application usage and application growth, a lot of them chose the most expedient way to deploy that capacity, which is in hardware where they're operationalized; and don't have the -- either the time or the mechanism right now, because of the COVID environment, to go and think about re-architecting things and moving to software. We do think that, that will resume in fairly short order, so we're very confident about software growth both for the second half of the year and for 2022. 
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. So on and specifically on web application firewalls, Jim, we continue to see good traction there. It's one of the most in-demand use cases from our customers. We have seen that traction this quarter happen both in hardware form factors and either in stand-alone form factor or with customers sometimes bundling that with ADC. And we also see demand for web application firewalls in these modern application environments. And we're really pleased to see the traction with NGINX App Protect and which as you know is that effect we're seeing of having made the decision to port our security capabilities onto NGINX shortly after the acquisition. That's gaining a lot of momentum now. So we're getting embedded for security in these modern apps environment. And we also see that with BIG-IP. In terms of the portfolio, Jim, we really are focused on the web application firewalls, application security in general, API protection, DoS protection and bot management and mitigation. Those are really the areas of application security where we are placing focus and significant investments for the near future. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Meta, in terms of cross-sell opportunities, a couple of things. Where we are really pleased is we are seeing more and more customers of F5 adopt multiple elements of our portfolio. And so more and more of the multiyear term subscription agreements that we are selling have multiple products from F5. And it's allowing us to elevate the conversation with our customers, really continue to elevate the position of F5 in a lot of these large accounts. And we're really pleased with the traction of these agreements. In fact, as a data point: The software multiyear subscription agreements were up 200% year-on-year in terms of the volume of transactions that we completed this quarter relative to Q2 of 2020. And this points to the number of our customers that are moving to these term subscription agreements where they can easily consume multiple of our products. In terms specifically of our progress on the new point solutions, I think Volterra is too -- it's really too early for us to speak to that because we're basically still through the integration, porting our capabilities onto the Volterra platform, including our security, so it's more over the next few quarters that we'll be able to speak to deals that are coming through on Volterra. And then on Shape specifically, where -- we are pleased with the value proposition. I mean the customers that use Shape are extremely pleased with the efficacy of the solution. It is best in class. A lot of times, we see customers who are -- actually already have solutions perhaps from another vendor, like a CDN vendor, but they're still under attack. And we come in with Shape and have a higher efficacy solution and can solve those attacks, as a point solution. Where we are seeing things take longer than we would have liked is in the COVID environment. When you have to go through a proof of concept and -- mechanically it's actually difficult to go through with. And we're finding that, in this environment, being incumbent and operationalized is a big advantage, but when you're trying to introduce a new solution that requires a proof of concept, the sales cycle is a bit elongated and it takes a little bit of time. And I will say that overall is the picture on cross-selling the various elements of the portfolio. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Sami, I think there are a couple of things. We are -- Horizon 2 is, as you know, an 8-quarter period. We are 2 quarters into that, so [ generally ] we feel it would be really early to make any change to our Horizon 2 guidance, but I think the what we can say is a couple of things. I think we are definitely seeing those trends of application usage go up significantly as a result of most of us, frankly, consuming more things online. And so more and more of our customers see more usage on their application, whether they are traditional enterprises or even cloud providers. As you know, we are embedded in SaaS provider stack or even cloud providers. I think you've heard me say before that somebody's cloud is somebody else's data center, and we are in those stacks. And a number of our cloud provider customers are seeing escalating demand for their solutions and they have to grow their capacity as a result, and we're benefiting from that directly. So we're definitely seeing that. As a result of that, we can definitely say that our hardware for 2021 will be in positive growth territory, for sure, given what we've seen. And even for Horizon 2, the performance of our systems will be materially better than what we thought it would be at the beginning of the Horizon. And I think those are the things we can say. There's a little bit of uncertainty we're dealing with, with the supply chain challenges that all vendors, I think, are seeing at the moment, so we're a little cautious about that. And we shared in the prepared remarks, I think Frank shared, that we took that into account a little bit in our guidance range, but in terms of the underlying demand, it is very strong. 
François Locoh-Donou: I think, Sami, we don't see a fundamental change in the demand trends. The Fed business has been pretty strong, and we expect this to follow kind of normal patterns and given what we see in the pipeline today. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So let me just start with the second part of your question, on software growth in the second half, and then I'll come back to the first part. On the -- so in terms of the second half of the year in software, Tim, there are a number of catalysts and drivers that have continued to gain strength. I talked about NGINX a little earlier, but these modern apps environment, we see them continue to grow. We have in fact a number of subscription agreements in the pipeline, but I would say the predominant factor is that the volume of software multiyear subscription agreements that we are signing is just growing extremely rapidly. They grew -- sequentially from Q1 to Q2, they grew roughly 30%, but if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, the volume of subscription agreements was up 200%. And it just continues in that direction. So we're getting visibility to this. We're -- at some point, we're going to hit also the inflection point on renewals of these subscription agreements. We're not quite there. We think that's more of a 2022 effect, but even what we're seeing today from the renewal rates of the ones that are coming to term and the true forward on the ones that have more than a year in maturity, those metrics are just excellent at the moment. So these catalysts are important. Security continues to be a growth driver and a catalyst for growth in software and then the cloud. And I want to come back to the first part of your question. The cloud continues to be a growth driver for our software. However, this quarter, it was a little less in terms of the growth rate. And the reason for that is because we think that there was a moderation in the number of customers migrating applications to the public cloud and specifically migrating more of these traditional applications to the cloud. And we think this is back to the effect we're seeing on our hardware business, where customers really sweated their assets for a long period of time, saying, "Hey, we don't want to deploy any more hardware because we're going to migrate to the cloud". And what we're finding is a lot of them, after having sweated their assets for a long time, are caught with increase in capacity needs that they have to serve very quickly. And the -- operationally, the best and the easiest way to do that is to actually go with hardware. And so that, we think -- and when you factor on top of that the fact that we're in a COVID environment, that moving from hardware to software or moving from hardware to cloud requires either re-architecture or working in collaboration across multiple teams, which is much more difficult to effect in this environment, then we're seeing that less customers are able to do that at the moment. We think, over time, the trend will continue towards these cloud migrations, but this quarter, it was a little more muted. 
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, depends on what we mean by longer term. So I'm going to speak within Horizon 2, Samik. As I said before, I think, 2021, we'll see for the full year our systems business will grow. And for the combination of 2021 and '22, I think performance for systems will be better than what we had anticipated in the beginning of Horizon, which was high to mid-single-digit decline. I think we'll be materially better than that. In terms of what this means longer term, frankly, it's too early to predict beyond Horizon 2. I would say, in terms of the hardware ADC space, we think, hardware ADCs per se, those are in secular decline and should decline and continue to decline over time beyond Horizon 2. And we're not seeing that in hardware security today. We'll continue to see growth in hardware security, and that represents more of a mix for us. So well, too early to make a determination in terms of what's happening beyond 2022. And specifically when it comes to service providers, what we are seeing, Samik, is right now a lot of carriers have put in place their 5G radio -- as you know, the first smartphones with 5G have come out in the fourth quarter of 2020. A lot of the spectrum auctions have happened. And so we're now starting to see utilization of 5G from the devices into the radio, and that is coming into the carrier core networks. Now most of these carrier core networks are still 4G and we have a very strong presence in a lot of these infrastructure. And so the capacity requirements are fulfilled by 4G capacity upgrades, and that's providing tailwind to our hardware business. And I expect that to continue for the next couple of quarters, probably a little longer. Now as you go into 2022, a lot of these carriers will start to put in production their 5G core. And those are virtualized and so that opportunity will turn into a software opportunity for F5. And we have already won significant design wins for these 5G cores. And we're in the process of doing first office applications and pilots and things like that before going into production in the next 6 to 12 months. So it's a hardware expansion opportunity today, and over the next 12 months, it will move to be a software opportunity in 5G cores for F5. 
François Locoh-Donou: There isn't really anything of note. I would say, the service provider vertical, we have some important expansions in EMEA and APAC that help drive the growth there, but I wouldn't put too much into the quarter-to-quarter variability into the geographies. Overall, Samik, we're -- the strength in demand that we are seeing both in hardware and in the software subscriptions that I've talked about, that is across the board and across geographies. 
François Locoh-Donou: No. The -- so if you look back, there are 2 factors for -- if you're specifically, Paul, referring to the software growth rate at 20% versus the 35%, 40% for Horizon 2, there are 2 factors. One, of course, is that, as Frank just alluded to, it was a high comp relative to last year, but yes, the other primary factor is customers that paused or moderated on migrations to software due to operational constraints. And that is reflected in the higher hardware number and a lower software growth number, and that is very specific to BIG-IP. It's not specific -- so in the other aspects of our software portfolio around NGINX and security, we had very strong growth. In fact, NGINX grew faster than overall product revenue again, but specifically with BIG-IP, the softness, if you will, in software there is directly correlated to customers choosing, unexpectedly to us -- and it was a little bit of a surprise to us, choosing to go to a hardware form factor instead of a software form factor in a number of cases. I would also add, Paul, that -- when you step back and you look at that, the overall demand for F5 technology is very strong. And as these customers continue to deploy BIG-IP, it increases our footprint. And when they do migrate to software, they will migrate with us. We've already proven that for the last 3 years. They will migrate on a BIG-IP software form factor. So for those customers that did that, it is a temporary delay in them moving to software, but there's absolutely there a substitutive effect of customers pausing on software, going more on hardware because they were a little caught by surprise by the surge in application demand. And given the COVID environment and the inability to re-architect and work across teams to go to software, they chose to continue and deploy hardware form factors. 
François Locoh-Donou: No, I mean we shared, Paul, as you probably remember, at AIM some important metrics about the growth in ARR for Shape since the acquisition and the growth in the number of customers. We have continued to see growth in the number of customers. I would say the growth -- specifically the growth in ARR with Shape this quarter wasn't as strong as we wanted. And that's largely because we -- I was saying earlier that, for customers for which we need to do a proof of concept, in the current environment, for the same reasons that in some ways are keeping customers on hardware on the BIG-IP, effecting a proof of concept when people are not in the office and have to work across teams and collaborate and connect different systems together for proof of concepts to happen, it's operationally a little more complicated. It takes more time and it takes more motivation for customers to go and do that. And so when customers are in significant pain and they are under attack, it moves extremely quickly. When they're not, it doesn't move as fast as we want to. And that's part of what we saw this quarter with Shape, but overall, when you look at the efficacy of the solution and the satisfaction of customers and the way in which it's blocking an increasingly high number of automated attacks, we're very, very happy. And we think this thing about the difficulty of operationalizing proof of concepts and getting to a sales cycle is really a temporary thing with the COVID that will go away down the road. 
François Locoh-Donou: I would say generally, Paul, no. I don't think -- when I look at the patterns of spend for us: This quarter, it was the -- I want to say same last quarter. So you'll remember, Paul, I want to say, 3 years ago, we felt -- in Europe in particular we had a situation where the uncertainty of Brexit was weighing down on our numbers. And we could feel the spending patterns there being really different. This quarter and the last quarter, I would say, we don't feel that kind of difference. What we are feeling across the board is this -- everybody has gone digital. They're using their digital channels more and more, and it's causing the applications traffic to continue to grow steadily. And that's -- we're seeing the same in Latin America, Europe, North America, Asia. We don't see this difference related to COVID and where people are at in vaccination rates or coming back to the office. It's not really a first-order effect in our business at the moment. 
Francis Pelzer: And Jim, specific to your second question. I think, the end of that software -- the end of software development cycle that we saw in the beginning of April, that was one trigger, but it's really hard to split out exactly dollar-wise what was the drivers for everything. I think the others that we have to include in there are the capacity expansion that François spent a lot of time talking about in the prepared remarks, customers' depreciation schedules and then just their inability to continue to sweat the assets that they have probably for a couple of years now, some reprioritized budgets and a few other factors. If I had to quantify it, I think it's probably about the same as it was last quarter, but there are a lot of other factors that went into the strength of hardware. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. So Meta, let me take the first one, and then I'll let François take the second. I think we talked about we were not going to split out Volterra because it is rather immaterial. And I mean super immaterial especially this quarter with only 2 months. And so I -- it's not enough to move a growth point, and so I will just say it's rather immaterial to the results of the operation. It becomes a critical asset for us, particularly in the out-years. And we're really, really excited by the excitement that we've seen within the customer base and our sales force already but, in terms of actual revenue results, really nothing to speak of from Volterra, but I'll let François address the other. 
Francis Pelzer: Sure, absolutely, Jeff. So when we're looking at all the factors coming into setting guidance expectations in a normal cycle, if there weren't any supply chain concerns, we would have said $630 million to $650 million, with $640 million as the midpoint. And taking into account what I talked about in regards to just some less visibility than we would normally like on some of the supply chain components, we wanted to make sure that we gave the additional room of the $10 million on the low end. And so that's a result of the range. In a perfect world, it would still be that $20 million range, but we just wanted to be cautious with our outlook. 
Francis Pelzer: No. I think, when we take a look out at the mix that we expect and the way that we talked about being at or about that 35% for software for the year, we're very comfortable with that outlook on the software side. The services, we didn't give exact numbers for that. And what's remaining is the systems side. And so when we take a look at that $10 million of risk, we see that $10 million of risk really in -- on the supply chain, certainly not on the demand side. As we've talked about, on multiple factors, the demand is quite strong. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. I -- again I can't say with 100% clarity, Jeff, but I think 2 factors that I say in the back half of Horizon 2. And so when we're taking a look at the fullness of FY '21 and FY '22, we knew this was a 96% comp quarter for us going in and that there was going to be some variability. Obviously, in the last quarter, we had 70% with Shape, 35% without. And so the -- that range was right there where we thought it was going to be, and we think it's going to be a bit smoother from here. There will continue to be variability. Where we start to see a lot more clarity is when we start to lap some of the multiyear subscription agreements, and the bulk of that is going to happen in the back half of FY '22. And so we do have 4 more quarters of what I would say variability. I don't think the choppiness will be what you saw between Q1 and Q2 of this year, though we will continue to have some variability in that but starting in that lapping period. And then frankly, the denominator just gets so much bigger, so you don't have things that swing. We will start to see that as well. With the SaaS piece of the subscription continuing to grow as well, this is more -- when we take a look even beyond Horizon 2, that will become a lot more ratable in that factor and smooth things out. And so we do have some more choppiness ahead of us, but I think things really do start to smooth out when we take a look at the back half of '22 and beyond. 
