François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Sami. Thanks for the question. So what you saw in the second half of 2020 is a acceleration in the decline of the systems business and also a very significant acceleration in our software business. I think that, that dynamic generally is going to continue in 2020, so relative to what we would have expected a year ago. We think we are ahead of plan on our transition, and that the – the software growth is going to be higher than what we thought and the systems decline is also going to be faster than what we would have thought in the past. That’s driven by a combination of things. On the one hand, customers, we’re seeing customers that have matured in their ability to consume application services and software. So a number of customers have software first policies, have policies to leverage multi-cloud. They have more operational maturity around virtualization. And we seeing that both in enterprise and the service providers segment now. So there’s a demand pull from the market. And there are also a number of things that we have done to accelerate that transition by enabling customers to consume our BIG-IP software in new consumption format, specifically subscriptions, enterprise license agreement, a lot of work with public cloud marketplaces. We’ve done things like automation and orchestration that allow them to deploy applications faster in software. We’ve put a lot of our software in security and software consumption factors. And we’ve also done a lot of work to help service providers move to software. So when you combine a lot of the things that we have done as well as the demand from the market, you’re going to see that trend continue. And for us, it’s good because we feel that our strategic thesis is intact and we are ahead of our plan on our transition.
François Locoh-Donou: I think all three have – Sami, I think all three have both trend to a degree. But I’ll take them separately. So in the enterprise, I think that the transition towards software started in the enterprise earlier than the other two segments that you mentioned. And that trend is only accelerating for the reasons I mentioned around operational maturity, ability to operationalize, virtualization technologies and also the freedom of consumption that we have given them. In the service providers segment, I would say it’s only in the last couple of quarters that we – our customers have spoken about NFV for a number of years, but we are now seeing them really start to implement these virtualization technologies. In part, with in combination with 5G or in getting ready for 5G architectures, we’re seeing more of our service provider customers adopt software architectures. I mentioned in the script, one of the customers we won Rakuten, which is who are building essentially a Telco, a next-gen Telco infrastructure that’s 100% virtual. And so there, I think at one end of the spectrum what we’re seeing a number of carriers move in that direction. And then I would say in the government, the transition is also happening but at a slower pace relative to the other two segments.
François Locoh-Donou: No. Sami, I would – the way I’d characterize it for you is, we want to become the best application services platform in the industry. And I think the way to look at it is, if you look at everything that exists between an application and the user of that application, there is a set of services that are in that chain that includes things like load balancing and security and firewalls and app servers and web servers. We have significantly broadened our presence in the code to customer chain with the acquisition of NGINX. And our strategy is essentially to own that horizontal chain and provide the best application services that enhance this customer experience for users of an application. And so when we look at – and that’s kind of different than others who are perhaps pursuing more of a vertical approach where there are tied to a single siloed of infrastructure. We want to be 100% infrastructure agnostic, enable those application services for any app anywhere, regardless of how it’s built and regardless of where it’s deployed. And so in the context of that horizontal strategy we’re looking at opportunities to broaden our portfolio organically or inorganically anywhere in that chain from code to customer. So security is of course an important component of that, but it’s not the only one.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey James, I’ll take that one. No, the controller – the combined controller with NGINX was not pushed out a month. I think we said January when we last spoke and we’re well on track to be able to deliver on that. We’re pretty excited about it, because it enhances the addressable market for NGINX in the number of personas inside of the enterprise, the large enterprises. As it relates to the other question I think related to F5 Cloud Services, which is our SaaS offering. And we have released our DNS offering a few months ago. We just released earlier this month our global server load balancing as a service offering. And we’re seeing strong interest in that. And then Web Application Firewall as a service, WAF-as-a-service is next on our roadmap and that should happen before the end of the calendar year.
François Locoh-Donou: Just – Ashwin, can you repeat the second part of the question? The first part was around the federal government. Then on the front of the second part…
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Ashwin, I’ll take the second part on the competitive landscape and then Chad will take the question on the federal government and the sustainability of our strength there. So essentially, we haven’t seen a change in the competitive landscape after the acquisition of VMware-Avi – sorry, by VMware. On the last call, I mentioned to you, we were not seeing Avi in very many deals and where we see them, we have been pretty happy and comfortable without win rates, and so essentially that hasn’t changed. I would expect it to change with the presence and distribution that VMware has around the world. And to see them more overtime, especially in customers that have gone all in on NFX, and really are tied to that infrastructure. But we don’t see that as a very large proportion of the market, so more to come on that, but so far no change.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So let me start with the – your questions around AWS and the public cloud. Just for context Tim, our software business as you see as accelerated very significantly in 2019. And if you look at the second half of the year where our software grew about 90% year-on-year, our public cloud business is actually grown faster than that all year. So it has continued to grow because of the integrations we already done with public cloud providers, the availability of our solutions in market places and also enabling our customers to for the licenses into public clouds. And so as a result of all this, our public cloud business have become a meaningful portion of our overall software business. Now the partnership with AWS, takes that to a new level, because we have been meeting AWS in the market where customers want AWS and want F5 and ask us to get together and help them move forward with their public cloud initiatives. But now we’re going to have a number of AWS solution architects and professional services people who are trained on F5 and are designing in F5 into their architectures and their solutions when they’re engaging customers. And AWS obviously has a lot more resources than we do. So we look at that as a multiplier effect of our own resources in the market to design often for customers that want to leverage public cloud infrastructure. So we’re very excited about that. And we’re also very excited about the collaboration we’ve agreed with them. On the product side, integrating things like our WAF into CloudFront to compliment their CDN with a security solution to enable them to better compete with the likes of Akamai and other integrations with a Control Tower, which is really how customers manage and deploy their applications in public cloud. So it’s just going to give us an expanding surface into the public cloud and more visibility. When that will impact our numbers? I think overall this is going to provide further acceleration to an already fast-growing public cloud business. And the specific impact of that partnership, I think is more of a second half of 2020 to 2021. But it could be significant. On the second part of your question, which is on the hardware decline and what does that mean for our investments and potentially operating leverage. We’re going to continue to manage the investment overall in hardware. We have a number of platforms that are in development that are going to come to market in the next few quarters. But overall, if you look at where we’re at in terms of where we’ve guided to on operating profit for this year, we’ve said we would do about 33% to 35%, for the year and we expect to be in that range this year. And then, at our Analyst and Investor meeting, we will give you an update on what we think is going to happen in Horizon 2, which is 2021, 2022.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Paul, I appreciate that there are lots of signals there that you’re trying to make sense off. So let’s talk about hardware, software first and then let’s talk a little bit about geography. I mean, I think Paul, the reason I say it’s not that the software price per unit is lower than the hardware price per unit is, because it really depends on the use case, the type of application, where it’s deployed, what bundle of application services are used for that application. And in some cases, yes, it’s lower, but there are a lot of cases where the software deal ends up being larger than the hardware deal would have been because the company can deploy more of it and more functions.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. I think you’re correct on both accounts. So it is still the case on your pricing comparison versus hardware, but in terms of the margin dollars to F5 that nets out to being about the same. If you just took pure functionality software versus software – software versus hardware, exactly the same functionality. What you said about the 70% to 80% versus 100% of hardware for the price per unit is true. But what happens when we are in – when we move to a software consumption form factor is that it’s easier for us to expand our role with a customer, because they have more freedom to deploy the technology. They can add use cases faster. They can replicate the solution in multiple environments. And so the overall consumption becomes larger. Now, if you look at the numbers I would point to, if you’re looking our fiscal year 2018, our hardware only declined 4%, but our product revenue for the full year was flat with zero percent growth. If you look at 2019, our hardware declined 8%, but total product revenue was plus 3%. So you have kind of several quarters of us showing that the software growth is more than offsetting the hardware decline. And that’s because our software story elevates our relevance with customers and gives us an opportunity to expand our role. I’ll give you some examples in the script. The Rakuten deal I mentioned in Japan is a great example where we did a very large software deal with them and we came back three months later and already expended that with more kind of multimillion dollar software opportunity because of the speed of consumption and the number of use cases we’re addressing. So that’s our hardware software, Paul. And if you tap out – touch a little bit on geography to your question. I think, we have seen EMEA, I think we continue to see micro uncertainty in Europe. And I don’t see that changing in the first half of 2020 for a number of reasons that Brexit is a part of it. And generally, I think, Continental Europe, we’re seeing just macro softness there. In North America, we had a very strong quarter in the federal government. We had a softer quarter in financial services and I would expect that we see better performance from financial services in the first half of 2020. And so generally, I expect North America to be healthy going into 2020.
François Locoh-Donou: So now it’s two things. Number one, you might see a deal in hardware that is load balancing only. And then – when we were in a software, because it’s kind of natural for our customers to consolidate multiple software modules. We will do load balancing DNS WaaS and other capabilities. So you’re adding more capabilities to the deal. But the other factor also is that when we’re in software, a customer has an ability to deploy that, not just in their data center, but they’ll deploy in a public cloud, they’ll deploy it multiple public clouds, sometimes in private cloud. So you’ll see more kind of replication of a virtual instance to F5. And then the third factor that expands our opportunity in software is that the public cloud model for security is a shared security model, where the public cloud provider secures the neighborhood and the customer, the enterprise has to secure their home. And by definition, that’s a forcing function for our customers to add more security to the software in the public cloud. And so as a result of that, our security attach rates in software use cases that are deployed in the cloud is much higher, if I could stumble the picture of the attach rates in on-prem. So those are the three factors that are driving expansion of the opportunity in software.
François Locoh-Donou: All right, I’ll take the second part of your question, first. And then we’ll come to the first part. Generally, Victor, customers who are on F5, on-prem who migrate to the public cloud majority of them are migrating with F5. And that’s because it’s a lot easier to do that than to go ahead and if you don’t want to have to refactor an application, it’s a lot easier to migrate with F5 than not. And that’s one of the benefits for AWS also have the partnership with often allowed this migration to happen a lot faster, but the medivators – the vast majority of our customers who are on F5, to be on F5 in the public cloud.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. And James, thank you so much for the congratulations, we also thought it was a great quarter. We don’t quantify the effects of ELA, and I did say that we were up in terms of dollars for four sequential quarters and the deal count was also up over a broader base, and we’re seeing our ASPs up as well. And so we’re really, really happy with the way ELAs are trending and that they are unlocking the spend that we see, we see very robust pipeline going forward, because we really only scratched the surface on the opportunity set within our customer base. Unfortunately, I’m not going to quantify the amount of ELAs, but I will say that it has been a positive trend for us.
Frank Pelzer: Paul, we did not. I mean, I told you in the call last quarter that we thought that it would be approximately $8 million. It was slightly more than that ever so slightly, but it was spun-on. And when you take a look at the inorganic and organic growth, it was almost the exact same as we had last quarter.
Frank Pelzer: No, actually there’s a split between software and services. The software component was approximately $6 million and the services was just slightly over $2 million.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So – thanks, Alex. I think the on the long term deferred, a lot of that was driven by the growth of ELAs and some unbilled receivables. And so that’s why you saw the strength in the long term deferred revenue.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate. That’s helpful. Now let me ask my question relative to that. So your hardware was down 15%, following 11% decline. You obviously made that up with software and then some – and we all know that software pricing or at least I think software pricing, maybe I shouldn’t be so cavalier about it, but that software pricing is well below hardware pricing I trust that’s a given before I ask the real question.
Paul Silverstein: I apologize for the interruption, but this exactly where I was going with this. I trust the reconciliations that unit volume, whether literally measured by units or measured by the use case that you’re making up for the degradation on a like-for-like pricing basis, the differential between hardware and software and predating your arrival at F5, F5 consistently forever with site virtual additions at 80% of the price point of the hardware. I was assuming that hadn’t changed or if anything is changed for the worst, not for the better. But assuming that’s still the case, to the point you just made, I trust these deals are getting bigger and scope and that’s why there’s a possible offset in the revenue.
Paul Silverstein: All right. Can I ask you quick question on margins? If your services have consistently been 87% plus minus 30 basis points over the past five quarters, your product margin was just subset over 85% following almost 84% last quarter from 82% to 83% in the nine previous quarters. I trust the improvements driven by the shift to software from hardware and I trust that trend should continue.
