Frank Pelzer: Thank you, François, and good afternoon everyone. As François noted, we delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth. First quarter revenue of $569.3 million was up approximately 5% year-over-year and near the top-end of our guided range of $560 million to $570 million. GAAP net income for the quarter was $98.5 million or $1.62 per share. Non-GAAP net income was $155.4 million or $2.55 per share. This was well above the top-end of our guidance range due to our strong revenue performance as well as disciplined operating expense management in the quarter. Q1 product revenue of $235 million was flat year-over-year and accounted for approximately 41% of total revenue. As François mentioned, software revenue grew 50% year-over-year. Software represented approximately 28% of product revenue in Q1, up from approximately 19% in the year ago quarter. We continue to experience strong uptake on our software solution sold as annual subscriptions, including as ELAs. In fact, contribution from ELAs increased again year-over-year. Systems revenue of $170 million was down 11% year-over-year as customers continue to transition to software-based solutions. Systems accounted for approximately 72% of product revenue in the quarter. Services revenue of $335 million grew 8% year-over-year, and represented approximately 59% of total revenue. There were three primary contributors to services revenue strong performance in the quarter. The primary factor is improvements to the tools and processes our team uses to identify and secure renewals. In addition, we continue to enjoy healthy services attached in renewal rates to software sold as perpetual or as subscriptions, including NGINX-related sales, and we have also seen a step-up in consulting services demand associated with growing software sales.
Frank Pelzer: And Tim, in relation to the services revenue, obviously, we were really pleased with having 8% year-over-year growth in Q1. That was obviously above what we had guided to the last time we talked about the service revenue components, which was all the way back at AIM [ph] of 2018, when we talked about mid-to-low growth during the Horizon One timeframe. So, this is great performance to see. What we're seeing actually is also an increase in the attach rates across all the cohorts of age contracts, and so, it's not really from our perspective, any decline in hardware that is impacting over a longer period of time, the decrease in the services revenue business, what it actually is more of the mix of things that come through as subscription, where that subscription looks more like a SaaS subscription, and a lot of that revenue gets recognized, almost all that revenue gets recognized in the product side and not the services side, and so, we continue to see strong growth in the services revenue, probably even above where we thought when we thought about this in March of 2018, but over a longer period of time, we do see those services revenues coming down in terms of growth rates, but that's really more of a mix issue than anything to do with a systems versus a software sale.
Frank Pelzer: Jamie, I think we gave some fairly specific guidance for Q2 in particular, that probably gets you to a number that Tim was getting to, which is slightly down from where we printed Q1, but still very healthy in terms of the growth rate for Q2. As we look out over the course of the year, that services growth rate may start to modulate down particularly as we get more and more traction with some of the pure SaaS type revenue models that we discussed, but I think it's safe to say that the overall services growth rate is going to be higher than probably what we thought about at the end of our Horizon One guidance when we talked about this in March of 2018.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Samik, we just go back to what I said, pre the Shape acquisition, in terms of Q2 is always our seasonal low point in the OpEx cycle, and we intend to tick up in Q3 and Q4. In terms of operating margin expansion, we still feel very comfortable with the guidance that we put out for the year of 30 to 32 for the year, and so, directionally, I think Q2 will be the low point and then we're going to back up from there in Q3 and Q4.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Rod. So, we are not specifically actually breaking out guidance for Shape. The reason why we did that with NGINX is because NGINX actually closed after we had given guidance, and so, when we reported NGINX, we tried to be specific on what was the relationship of our recognized revenue versus what we have guided to, and then the contribution from NGINX, but with Shape we've got it with it, and we're not breaking that out at this time. In terms of what we said and what François talked about when we actually announced the Shape acquisition and the non-GAAP revenue, with a SaaS based business model, and you see this quite frequently, in software, SaaS land where companies acquire with -- companies with a very large deferred revenue balance, given the way revenue comes into those SaaS models, where there's a significant write-down in that revenue as part of purchase accounting. And so, to try to give the users of our financial statements a better sense for what the long-term growth rate is going to be as opposed to a muted revenue, we're going to be reporting both GAAP and non-GAAP revenue to give better compatibility in years to come.
Frank Pelzer: That number isn't exactly what is familiar to me, but I think it's not so far off. I think the rate we had probably for Q4 last time was I think 6 to 6.5.
Frank Pelzer: No, it's not. When we take a look, I think I think we talked about a few quarters ago, the pure percentage of recurring revenue of our total revenue was 60% plus, and we continue to build, and that's exactly what we saw in Q1.
Frank Pelzer: We don't anticipate doing that at this time, Fahad, but we're talking about several different KPI metrics for AIM in March and TBD on what we decide there.
Frank Pelzer: Lexi, the only thing I'd add is that we did say during the prepared remarks that even without Shape, we did expect Q2 software growth to be above the 50% level that we experienced in Q1.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Tim, it's François. I'll take the first question and then Frank will comment on the services question. On cloud revenues, Tim, we said last [technical difficulty] theyrepresented a meaningful portion of our total software revenues, and that portion continues to grow without cloud. Our business is growing even faster than our overall software business, and that's driven by a couple of things. One is, we have made our core solutions much easier to deploy in cloud environments with integrations with essentially all the large public cloud providers. We have added some automation and orchestration capabilities to enable our customers to include our solutions in automation environment, and then in their CICD development pipelines, much easier than that in the past. And third, I think we're continuing to see just significant growth in the marketplaces of the large public cloud providers, where our solutions are also available for purchase on a utility basis. So, when you look at the consumption models that we've enabled by both the technology and the commercial models that we've enabled, they've significantly reduced or eliminated any friction associated with using F5 in public clouds. Our ELAs are a good example of that, where customers buy an agreement for three years, and then they can deploy licenses in any environment, including in public clouds and port licenses from one public cloud to the other or one public cloud to back to on-prem. So, all of that leads to a growth in our cloud software revenue, which I think we said in the last quarter or in the six months of 2019 when we had growth in our software business of 90% for Q3 and Q4, that our cloud business had grown even faster than that, and it continues to be on a very strong growth trend.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, James, thanks for the question. Generally on the enterprise, we continue to see spending patterns that are -- we are going to call them relatively healthy in [technical difficulty] healthy as they were in 2018, but we haven't seen a change overall from the spending patterns that we saw in 2019. So, we seem to continue on that trend. There are some changes or variations by geography, and as you know, we pointed several times that we were seeing soft test in Europe and in the U.K. and DACH in particular, and I think we continue to see that today, but overall, the spending patterns are healthy. When you look, by the way, it's your context is that of other perhaps providers in infrastructure of data centers. What we're seeing more and more, James is the spending with us is tied to applications, and the growth of applications not tied to data center infrastructure per se. So, perhaps over time, you'll see more and more of that difference, but the spending patterns I relate to is what we see with our customers application projects.
François Locoh-Donou: Jim, that's two separate questions. I will start with the first one on product revenue growth. Product revenue growth was flat, and indeed it could have been a little better than that. What we saw in Q1, I think there were really a couple of factors in Q1; one is, there was some lumpiness in some large deals that we expected. In Q1, we also did a relatively important realignment of our North America sales organization, in part to prepare to better focus on certain verticals, and to also evolve the alignment of our teams, given the evolution that's going on in our portfolio with the new SaaS solution, NGINX coming in, Shape coming in, and I think that realignment caused a bit of a short-term pause on momentum. It's also for the better, and we'll see the benefits of that for the rest of the year. So, I think those were two of the factors specifically on product revenue growth. Your second question about why we expect strong revenue growth in Q2 for software specifically, I think this issue of large deal lumpiness does apply also to large software deals, and we have a very robust pipeline of software deals going into Q2, and so, we're pretty confident that we'll see a very strong growth in Q2.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Sami. Even though we don't -- today we don't break out our security revenues specifically. We continue to see strong growth in our security business, and I said before, we see more growth in our security business than the rest of the portfolio. And so, the answer to your question is, yes, we continue to see more and more of our deals driven by security use cases. In a lot of cases, these deals also pull other application services that you would classify more as application delivery services, but increasingly in a meaningful portion of our business, security is the use case that actually pulls the deal together. The second factor that kind of accelerates that trend, if you will, is that in multi-cloud environments, we are seeing double the security attach rate to our solutions that we are seeing on-prem, and so, given that more and more, our business is becoming multi-cloud in terms of the deployment, we are seeing an increase of our security business, and all of that by the way, we expect to see that accelerate with Shape, and the synergies that we expect to drive between the Shape portfolio and the F5 portfolio.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. Well, let me start with what's driving this transformation. So, I think we have a belief, so if you look at, us versus other players in the industry, we have a very strategic position, and that we are in line of the traffic between application and users for a very, very large number of applications. And with the acquisition of NGINX, we extended our reach very significantly, and we're not part of the flow for real hundred million applications. Our belief is simply driven by the fact that the number and complexities of applications in the future is going to increase and increase exponentially from where we are, given everybody this whole transformations, and as a result, we have an opportunity to extend that strategic position to more applications, and also intensify more applications, more application services for these applications, and that's really what we have been doing with this transformation, our priorities to do it organically, but when in the selective scenarios where we see an opportunity to accelerate that unification, for within a window of time, we have decided to do that inorganically, and you've seen two instances of that. Where we are in this translation, I would say, we are in the early innings, because we think we are actually in the very early innings of the digital transformation of our customers. So, I expect that the growth opportunity for F5 as we succeed in unifying these application services for this new multi-cloud environment is well ahead of us, and is very significant
François Locoh-Donou: Well, let me start with, as you know, we're not breaking out Shape and NGINX versus the F5 business prior to Shape and NGINX, but let me give you some indicators. Last year, the F5 software grew about 60% year-on-year. There was a very small contribution of NGINX in the second-half of the year to that growth. We guided after the NGINX acquisition to growth in software in our Horizon One which includes 2020, that was 35% to 40%. As you can see, we're well above that. We were at 60% for the full-year last year, 90% in the second-half, and we're at 50% this quarter. So, this just gives you a sense that the growth in -- I am going to call it F5 traditional software prior to even NGINX and Shape is very significant, and that's driven by a few things. It's driven by the work that we've done on making our software easier to consume in private clouds and automated environments is driven by the work that we've done in putting our software in public clouds, and it's driven by the work we've done in enabling new consumption models, ELA, subscriptions, utilities, et cetera in all environment. And that's -- the F5 was done, but it's also as a primary driver coming from our customer's desire to move from sort of hardware first postures to software first postures and seeing that change in our customers, both in enterprise and in the service provider world as service providers start more and more virtualizing their infrastructure, but there are very strong demand drivers from our customers to move to a software consumption of F5. When you look at 2020, we do expect strong contribution from NGINX and from Shape to achieve or exceed our 60% to 70% guidance.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, thank you, Alex. The short answer to all this is yes. But let me give you a bit of context. If you look at where NGINX had gotten traction in terms of revenue is really offering their data plane above the open source capabilities in the data plane offering additional features in the data plane, and as well as support and that's really how NGINX so far in the current model had monetized their technology. The Controller hold new dimension to that, to the DevOps community because number one, it makes it a lot easier to deploy and manage large scale implementations of NGINX data planes across a number of applications. And so, if you look at the folks who really to-date have been able to use NGINX, it's folks who are very sophisticated DevOps people and have the skills and expertise to integrate these deployments and manage them on their own. And so, with the Controller, it offers essentially an easy button that allows a much larger group of people that perhaps don't have the same sophistication to now use NGINX technology and use that technology on a large scale. So that's kind of the first driver, the Controller also integrates application centric design which really is targeted at more of the enterprise users including what we call Super-NetOps users in large enterprises. And so it does, it does gives an ability for the NetOps people to still have visibility of what goes on in the infrastructure under their applications and the DevOps people to have a self service model to deploy their applications faster and make changes for applications very quickly. So we at the time of the acquisitions, we said that F5 and NGINX together we're going to bridge the divide between NetOps and DevOps and the Controller holds really the manifestation of that strategy, and it's really the first offer in the markets that truly bridges the divide, and allow these two communities to work in concert serving the needs for speed of DevOps and serving the needs for visibility and compliance from the NetOps people. This Controller will indeed integrate in a technological Beacon, which will give visibility and analytics across all F5 environments, NGINX, Big IP, and other environments. So that's the convergence. We think this is a very important launch for our NGINX business because in addition to the capabilities around DevOps and bridging the divide, it also does increase the deal size for NGINX products because it makes large scale deployments easier and it offer new and exciting capabilities for a number of open source users that may want to move up a tier and use the Controller as a commercial technology.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Simon. We're continuing to see an acceleration in Telcos starting to move to virtualization. We saw a couple of large deals again in that space this quarter with large service providers and this is driven by essentially readiness for 5G and also the desire for service providers to be able to move faster when they need to make changes to their infrastructure and overall be able to reduce their costs. What we're seeing for now is service providers kind of keeping their more hardware based infrastructure in place and starting kind of Greenfield software implementations for virtualization. Over the long time, I think these will converge, but for now those we see in the service providers that we work with, we see these as two separate environments for the time being. Overall the trend is accelerating.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Meta. So, we've made good progress on execution of our roadmap with AWS on the strategic collaboration agreement. We have been prioritizing the sort of highest impact opportunities. Both teams are now working very well in the field, we're seeing a number of new opportunities surface that we didn't have access to before, and if you recall in Q4, I said that that's what we expected in part because part of this agreement was that number of AWS solutions architects who face customers every day were going to be trained on F5 Solutions, and we expected them to bring opportunities back to F5, but perhaps we would not have seen before, and that's exactly what we have started to see. So, it's early days in the partnership, and we said that I think we expected it to really give us a meaningful result in the second-half of 2020, but from what we're seeing so far, we're pretty bullish about what we can accomplish together with AWS.
