Andrew Reinland: Thank you, Jason. For the third quarter of 2017, our revenue of $518 million was up 4% from the third quarter of fiscal 2016, but below our guided range of $520 million to $530 million, driven primarily by lower-than-expected results in EMEA and Japan. GAAP EPS of $1.52 per share was above our guidance of $1.47 to $1.50. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.03 per share was within our guidance of $2.01 to $2.04 per share. Product revenue of $235 million in the third quarter was up 2% year-over-year and accounted for 45% of total revenue. Service revenue of $283 million grew 7% year-over-year and represented 55% of total revenue. Looking at revenue by theater, Americas accounted for 57% of the total, up 6% from the third quarter of fiscal 2016. EMEA, which represented 23% of revenue, grew 4% from the third quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 15% of revenue and grew 3% year-over-year. And Japan revenue representing 4% of the total declined 8% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 14%, including 6% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which represented 19.1% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which accounted for 16.8%; and Tech Data, representing 12.2%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.7%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.1%. GAAP operating expenses of $289 million were within our target range of $286 million to $296 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $250 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.9%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 31.1%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 30.3%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $163 million. In Q3, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $129.37 for a total of $150 million. $324 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with over $1.2 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q3 was 51 days. Inventories were $31 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 10% year-over-year to $944 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,515 employees, flat with the prior quarter. As we review Q3 and look to the fourth quarter, in Q3, we saw iSeries adoption rates continue to previous appliance refreshes, which resulted in healthy sequential growth from total appliance sales. Security continues to be a driver of our overall business, both the Gi firewall in telco and application security in on-prem and cloud environments. Also, we saw no change in the competitive landscape during the third quarter and our win rates remained strong and in line with historical levels. Conversely, we're not assuming immediate improvement within the EMEA theater. We believe the short-term spending environment remains negatively impacted by Brexit, forthcoming GDPR implementation and general macro uncertainty. Our current federal pipeline and sales activity are in line with seasonal expectations. However, there is uncertainty in the timing with the federal budget that could impact sales cycles. And while we are very encouraged with the trends and sales with our customers that have more mature cloud architecture strategies in place, we continue to see delays in projects with those customers who are still evaluating their application architectures as they relate to hybrid and public cloud deployments. With these comments in mind, for the fourth quarter, our revenue target is $530 million to $540 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated at or around 83%, including approximately $5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84.5%. For Q4, we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $283 million to $293 million, including approximately $38.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 33% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.64 to $1.67 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $2.20 to $2.23 per share. We believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $200 million. Product revenue growth remains our number one priority, and we remain committed to delivering strong profitability and cash generation. With that, I will turn the call over to François.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. And Jess, on unlocking shareholder value, I think it's fair to say that, as an organization, we've always been open to looking at different ways to give back be it buyback or dividend, but we've always considered our self a growth company. And so, specific to your question why – is now the time or not the time, I think you'll find that under François' leadership, we'll continue to be that organization that assesses that. But, to his comments, we still feel very positive about our future opportunities in this space. And as we look out at our discussions with our customers, we talk a lot about this pause impact that we're seeing and we've seen that in previous cycles. We still think these complex workloads demand the services that we bring to the table and we continue to attack the market with that in mind. So, will we look at those alternatives? Definitely, and we'll continue to discuss them with the board. And I think you have to assess everything that also comes at you at the same time. But our focus is on driving the top line growth as we said, still managing for strong profitability and cash flow and executing to the best of our ability with these opportunities in front of us.
Andrew Reinland: And Jess, in our comments last quarter, we talked about, we think of the timing of the rollout when we compare it to past cycles, we kind of message, we think if this is going to take off the way we've been talking about the end of Q4 and then going out stretching over the next 18 to 24 months. So we think it's playing out as we anticipated it would. We do see some headwinds that might mute the impact of it in this quarter, but we see the uptake in line with previous cycles. We like what we're hearing from our customers and our salespeople about how the new platforms are being received. And it's up to us to execute and get the revenue up.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, Paul. And then on a couple of your other questions; so our average deal size, we actually saw it pull back a little bit. Last quarter, it was around $125,000. And this quarter, it was $115,000. But, really, we didn't see anything in that. We've kind of been in this band for two to three years that would say is in this $110,000 to $125,000 range. So nothing jumped out at us there. Our large deals – our largest deals were good in that they were a little bit larger, but there was a pullback on the number of them. If we look above $500,000, we think that we'd like to see more than we had in the quarter, but I wouldn't describe it as a major issue that's been highlighted. We just have been watching that. And then the software versus hardware trade-off, there's two ways that we look at that. We don't break it out other than talk about software generally. But if we're talking VE versus hardware, the way they're priced, if we look at the different levels of throughput against the different appliances that we think is the trade-off, in gross margin dollars, we think it's pretty much neutral. We do see – if you also look at it from the perspective of just when people buy software only versus hardware, does that bring the average deal size down? And in the broader context, usually, we see them buy more iterations of software so it can be net neutral. We have seen though some outlying deals that are just smaller deals of less VEs that has brought it down, but we believe that will lead to more VE deals later. And in fact, as François talked about, if we can leverage those into more licensing type deals, we think we can accelerate that even quicker. So...
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, I think I'd approach it more from just a qualitative perspective and talk about visibility, right? And we do believe these deals that we see slip out – it's hard to say that while we're just seeing a shift from 90 days sales cycle to 150. And so that's how it will work through. I couldn't give you strong metrics like that to rely on. I just look at it in terms of visibility. And as we meet and talk with our sales teams over specific deals and watch how they're executing, we know that the verbiage around them in a lot of cases revolves around them still assessing how they believe they want to leverage cloud or hybrid and what they're going to do, and it does make it a longer selling cycle with less visibility and when the PO's going to come in the door, and that's this pause that we're talking about.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. So, the reality is, if we look at our top four distributors, Arrow is also another distributor that rolls in and out of our top 10% distributors. And really, we don't – we're not seeing any correlation to any broader issues to make there than just other, the ebb and the flow and lumpiness of business quarter in and quarter out with the geographies. If you look at Westcon, which this quarter peaked at 19%, I think, roughly two years ago, there was a quarter where they were at 19% too. And we've seen Ingram strong, so nothing that I would draw from a correlation there.
Andrew Reinland: No, I think we guided up to 60 and we just would assess it as we went along. As we executed on the quarter kind of two dynamics happened. We had some strategic investments we wanted to make that made us pull back a little bit on the head count. And then, as we were executing through the quarter, we just – as we were watching what was going on around the world we pulled back and were a little more cautious in managing expenses, and that resulted in people choosing to pull back on head count.
Andrew Reinland: No, I actually didn't put it out there because it was flat. But like we do every quarter, we're going to watch how we're executing and bring people on board as we can. And I think if you go to the website, you'll see that we're hiring against a healthy pipeline of head count out there, and it will give you an indication of our activity.
Andrew Reinland: I actually – no and I can get – totally understand, Troy, why you're asking the question. But I would counter that with discussion on the way we've always managed the business and with the focus on profitability as we've executed against revenue. And I think more you're seeing a short-term dynamic here than a long-term belief about this space.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jess. Look, I'll take the first one on product growth. So where we are in the iSeries refresh cycle, we're about three quarters into the cycle. And typically, in the past, we've seen an acceleration in product growth once we are further into the cycle and iSeries represent a higher percentage of our sales. We are tracking – as you look at the percentage of our appliance sales that are represented by iSeries, we're actually tracking to prior growth cycles or prior product cycles. And that's part of what gives us the confidence that we can have product revenue growth in coming quarters.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah, Jess. I think the shift to virtual isn't necessarily what we think is holding us back. As it relates to this quarter in particular, we didn't have the performance that we expected out of a couple of geographies; EMEA and Japan, but EMEA more specifically. And that's fairly specific to some macro environment challenges in the EMEA, some to do with the regulatory environment, specifically in the UK and more pronounced in the finance vertical. So that's what really, for us this quarter, led us to not be in the range that we expected in revenues. But, generally, our appliance sales are tracking as we expected it to be. We continue to see growth in our Virtual Edition offerings, both because of private cloud and now increasingly because of public cloud. And as we get further into the cycle, our expectation is to continue to see product revenue growth.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Brian. So, a couple of areas. So, first of all, let me comment on the pause and then I'll come back to your comment on marginalization. No, we are definitely seeing that some deals are getting pushed out as some of our customers think through their architectures. And we have customers across the spectrum, so we have a number of customers who 9 or 12 months ago would have said, hey, we're moving everything to the cloud, and it created a significant pause in the their spend. And they've now made that decision, they've moved to the cloud and come back and their spend is actually healthier with us than it was prior to them going through the cycle. We have a number of customers and we're seeing more of them that are now going through the cycle and, as a result of that, are pushing decisions because they're revisiting their architecture decisions. In a number of cases, these are not deals that we're losing. We have visibility into these deals, we're not losing them, but they're being pushed out. And that's why we're using this term that we're seeing a pause. As it relates to marginalization, to your point around do we feel F5 is being marginalized, I don't think so. And I think you have to parse the market a little bit. For the customers that we have typically served and, typically, those customers have large and complex workloads, when they're moving to either private cloud environment or a combination of private cloud and public cloud, we are involved in the conversation, and we feel we have a very strong win rate and we have relevant offerings to support them. So I don't feel that there's any marginalization going on with our existing customer base. There are, however, a number of applications that are being basically bought in the cloud, but created directly in the cloud that are perhaps typically less complex workloads than we have served. These are, for us, significantly new opportunities, as the world goes more digital, more and more applications. And I would say, yes, in that environment, we are not yet participating to the degree that, eventually, I would like us to participate, but that's essentially an opportunity for us to extend our addressable market that we are going to look at how we can execute against that.
François Locoh-Donou: Brian, we're not guiding for next year. But I would say we're pretty confident we will see product revenue growth in 2018.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jim. So, I think there are two effects in Europe from what we're seeing. One is a bit of the uncertainty that the regulatory environment is creating. There are things like regulation around data protection and all the regulatory, specifically, in the finance vertical, that is causing folks to think about location of data centers, what their hybrid cloud environments are going to look like, et cetera. That's the macro environment and we don't control that or how a real prediction into that other than we know that a lot of this regulation should be settled in the early parts of 2018. There are also some things that we believe have more to do with the execution of F5, so the more internal. And on those aspects, yes, we are taking actions. We believe that, in some cases, we have probably too many people in some geographies where there's not enough opportunity and not enough people and geographies where we see growth opportunity. So we are realigning our resources against the best geographies and verticals. I think as I said on the last call, because it's Europe, this typically takes a significant amount of time. It's not – it doesn't happen overnight. And we're also making sure that we're enabling our teams in Europe, both enabling and training our teams in Europe for the new opportunities that we're seeing around hybrid cloud environments, for an example. So, there are some things we're doing internally that we believe will help and contribute. And then the macro environment, we think, for the next six to nine months, we don't expect a significant improvement in the macro.
François Locoh-Donou: We have a pretty strong process that goes bottoms-up against pretty much every geography and vertical, and we continue to be thorough about it. We're being a bit more cautious about EMEA this quarter. We're not expecting, as I said, any improvement in the region, and so we've factored that into our guidance. But the process has been quite thorough as it had been from prior quarters. The other area that I would flag is in the federal space, there's a bit of timing uncertainty linked to the delay in the budget approval here in the U.S. And we have factored that uncertainty in the federal space as well in our guidance.
François Locoh-Donou: I'll start on the – Paul, on your first question. Andy will take the second one. On the non-U.S. federal, I think in the UK, we also saw this quarter some delays. Well, I mentioned the delays in certain deals earlier. In the UK, we had some government deals that were delayed a little bit. Our non-U.S. federal number isn't very large, so there'll be an element of ebbs and flows quarter-on-quarter. But, specifically, this quarter, I think that was a factor.
François Locoh-Donou: Rod, yeah, just a correction, what I said was that we were three quarters into the cycle not three quarters of the way through. And it's typically eight quarters – six to eight quarter cycle. So we haven't reached the midpoint of the cycle yet. We've just actually crossed the point where iSeries this quarter represented more than 50% of our appliance sales. In the past, we've typically seen that acceleration when we're closer to the 80% mark of our total appliance sales. So, to be clear, we think it's an eight-quarter cycle and we're about three quarters into it.
François Locoh-Donou: I think if you look at how this cycle is tracking and we track that fairly closely in terms of what percentage of our total sales are with the new platform. It's tracking very, very closely to what we saw in the prior cycle. So it looks to be taking the same shape. There are some differences in the – obviously, in the environment. Last time we did a refresh, ACE replacement actually happened – the Cisco ACE replacement happened in the similar timeframe and so that gave us an additional boost. That's much less the case here. And also, as we've said before, we're saying that some of the deals getting pushed out as a result of the evaluation of cloud architecture. So, there are some things in the environment that are different to what we had a few years back. But in terms of how the cycle is tracking relative to what we've done in the past is very similar.
François Locoh-Donou: And the other thing, Troy, is you're looking at an aggregate number. You heard me talk about Europe, and I said we're realigning resources against opportunities. When we talk about the evolution of our offering towards subscription, virtual environment, et cetera, again, that requires some alignment of resources towards these opportunities. So don't mistake the total number in quarter for a lack of activity around hiring folks on what we believe are some very exciting growth opportunities for the company.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. On the first question, yes, actually, we are seeing a higher demand for best bundle than we would have in prior cycles, and that's largely because securities is important and increasingly important. One of the things that the cloud does is it dissolve the perimeter, and our solutions for security are application centric; they're not perimeter-based solution. And that's actually one of the reasons we're doing well with security and seeing more and more opportunities. So, the best bundle is actually the – we're seeing higher demand for that, which you can translate into we're seeing a higher security attach rates to our solution, which we actually think is a very good growth driver. As it relates to partnership and acquisitions, look, our philosophy about this has been and frankly is going to be, we want to have very strong organic plans for addressing the high-growth opportunities in our market, which essentially revolve around the cloud and security. And part of the resource shift that we talk about really relates to how we accelerate our execution organically against these opportunities. That being said, if we believe there's opportunities to accelerate that inorganically that makes sense for us, whether it's partnership or acquisitions, we will do that. We have a number of partnerships in place already in the ecosystem both with cloud providers and a number of IT – other IT players that help us, but we won't roll out doing some things in the marketplace if and when we see an opportunity.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Andy. That's largely because, in the past, that has been the point at which customers have made the initial deployments of this new platform, they've done the necessary software upgrades and test and proof-of-concept, they're a bit unfamiliar with the platform and they get into the mode of more repeat purchases and that's where we typically see an acceleration. That's what we have seen in the past and that's why we've looked at that 80% marker as a good indicator of the point in the cycle where we see this. As I said, again, the environment is different now than it was in the past, but if you look at these metrics we're tracking. The only thing, Jeff, that I would add is, whilst we look at the refresh cycle as a growth opportunity for F5, I think we also want to be clear that that is not solely what we see as the medium to long term growth driver for the company. And I want to be very, very clear with that, that we see the number of applications being deployed in private and public cloud and specifically in virtual ADC market, we see that as a growth market. And a big priority for us is to make our solutions easy to consume, remove any friction there is in consuming our solutions in different environments because we believe that is going to open additional opportunities for us, specifically, in the virtual ADC space. And that I see as a growth driver for the company. The other important growth driver is application-centric security. It is a bigger issue. We're seeing more and more attach rates to our solutions. We're seeing more security stand-alone opportunities. We have best-in-class web application firewall capabilities. We're seeing strong demand for that. And we think, with the cloud, there's going to be even more of a need for application-centric security. So, beyond the refresh, I see these two as important drivers for the medium to long term for us.
François Locoh-Donou: So GDPR is one of the elements that we've seen as uncertainty – yes, creating some uncertainty in Europe.
François Locoh-Donou: No. Attrition are in line with historical levels. In fact, attrition is much better than it was even a couple of years ago. So, no, we're not seeing that.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Alex. Good reflections. Listen, one of the – I think where you are correct is, one of the key, I'd say, intangible assets of F5 is our understanding of applications and the concentration of application networking talent that exists at F5 is – I think is unparalleled in the industry. And you've heard me say before that I believe we have an opportunity to expand the breadth of application services that we offer. And security is actually one of these domains. Our philosophy around this is that we have to have strong organic plans to do that and there's a number of things we're doing organically that we've started executing on that we'll be able to discuss at a later stage, not today. But we're doing a number of things organically to expand our addressable market beyond perhaps the traditional solutions that we offer today. If and when we see some good opportunities to extend that inorganically, as I said, we will not rule that out. But it's got to start with some organic execution. And we have a priority, as I said, to grow the top line. We said that's our number one priority. We do see product revenue growth next year and we've got a number of exciting organic propositions that we're executing on that we believe will contribute to that.
