John McAdam: Okay. On EMEA first of all, and I'll talk about EMEA, not just Europe, because that's where the organization is, first of all, we've had strong management in EMEA for a long time. And they actually had an excellent fiscal 2015, but definitely 2016 was problematic in some areas. I really believe that macro was definitely involved in the UK issue. One of the things that's probably unique to F5 more than a lot of the other companies is that, if you look at our major accounts regions, the financial sector is very, very important in that region. And frankly that was a tough market after the Brexit announcement where they seem to be taking some time to make up their mind as to where they're going to deploy their money moving forward. So, having said that you always look at execution and we continue to do that, but I think it was more macro. In terms of the standalone product, I mean SSL, you heard me talking about SSL and orchestration and intercept, and also DDoS I mean, the first two solutions that we come out with, we feel very, very good about the trajectory of that type solution base. We're going to be talking a lot more about this in November, and you'll hear us talking about product additions in that area, I don't want to get into it now, it's not appropriate, but you'll hear us talking about that. But I think it will increase the opportunity in 2017, and also more functionality as well but we think because of our SSL expertise, we are really, really well-positioned to take up the opportunity. Ryan, do you want to mention anything about service chaining and how is that unique capabilities for us.
John McAdam: Yeah, I mean, one of the things that I mentioned, that you may have got missed actually was when I talked about one of the examples that use the Cisco Intrusion Prevention product and then there was a sentence after that talking about we've done a number of these collaborative type solutions. I'm talking about working with companies like FireEye and Palo Alto, where we can make those SSL transactions visible to those types of solutions.
John McAdam: And I'm probably going to say it for the ten times in the call, but again, we'll be giving this in much more detail in November, but yes, smaller – you'll hear us talk about Microservices, elastic ADC, all that, there is a lot of things coming they have to – that are very, very cloud friendly.
John McAdam: Right, this is John. This is a pretty broad question in terms of the different areas, because the answer is going to be all of the above in the lot of the questions you talked about, first of all, I mean, when we talked about the three emerging things that are happening that we feel excited about it. One obviously being asset sale, but the other two are very related to the could where one being, we're seeing customers have this absolute need to have these constant security policies and processes through a hybrid clouds or a public clouds or private, a non-premise environment and that's a big opportunity for us. And then there's the classic lift and shift capability that we've seen where – we've seen a very, very, very, almost a 100% successor with the customers lift and shift – customers lift and shift solution or apps and moved them over. But they want to use a security product, so they want to use iRules. And again, we think that's a big opportunity and we're going to be partnering with Azure and AWS for those types of opportunities. And I'm not going to be specific on numbers. We've also seen examples with – for example, our WAF that we prove was on the Azure cloud, I guess a complete new business opportunity. Where we did not let a customer at all. So we've seen that as well. I think that's covering most of all that you asked, that was a pretty broad question, but generally we feel quite good now that this whole mood of this trend is an opportunity after all because of a richness of our software and our security portfolio and our application optimization portfolio.
John McAdam: I gave in one of the examples I gave you is a customer that we didn't know, we've not been selling to, buying our WAF solution of Azure.
John McAdam: And going forward one of things we're going to be doing is increasing our inside sales organization to basically focus on Silverline and doing more sales that way, which were a lot of that – by the way a lot of that's new business. And when we see those customers. But also not just Silverline focus on AWS as marketplace as well as Azure as channels.
John McAdam: On the Federal business, I mean what we're seeing is bigger and bigger type sales. I mean, so the multimillion dollar sales are pretty common now and just a big opportunity, there's security of course, it's pretty important there. But it's really, I'd call an evolution rather than a revolutionary type increase in the business.
John McAdam: Right. From a revenue perspective, actually sales-wise, it was pretty solid. So the sales, in other words, it was some systems not shipped. I mean 100-gig, we feel very good about that, very good and not just the sales that we made, but where that are being used like in the Gi Firewall, and then more importantly on the pipeline, so we feel very good about that. And then NFV, I think we're incredibly well-positioned for NFV because of our software portfolio, and of course, we're still working on increasing the throughput to 40-gig and upwards on our VE solution, and I think that's ideal for NFV.
John McAdam: Yeah. And I'm glad you said that right at the very end you said you are six weeks, that's about right actually in the sense that we only started shipping the products, the high-end portion of the Shuttle series towards the end of the quarter. So you – probably three to – five weeks or six weeks. We've clearly – we've seen good traction already. And by the way, and the first, it's only recently in the last week or so that we've been training the sales force in this and allowing them to actually push it, but we've taken orders in any event, we're happy with the traction. We've seen – remember, it's a high-end product we've announced so far and then the rest of the product line we expect to be done by the end of November. There's just a lot of good reasons for it to be successful. I mean the customer base, as you asked about more than five years is over 40,000, I guess over 42,500 – 44,000 I should say, and that's bigger than it's ever been in the product refresh before. We've got massive amount of systems available now to the sales force to highlight where these customers are, when their service contracts are up, et cetera. So, they've got a lot of ammunition to be able to execute on that refresh. I just think was there any other questions, I think I answered the question.
John McAdam: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And sales improved fairly significantly quarter-on-quarter. Sales, I mean, I'm not just talking, I'm not specifically talking revenue and those sales were orders that some shipped in the quarter and some mostly – some didn't. But sales increased. I mean a lot of that was execution and I talked about at the beginning of my script that the sales leadership, that John DiLullo has brought into the company including medical (41:37) sales person as well as some real channel expertise. We've added a whole lot of new processes. But one thing you said, Tal, I want to be really clear about, we didn't say the last quarter that we thought the cloud was a headwind. We actually talked about a lot of customer examples showing the opposite where it was a tailwind and what we've seen is that tailwind getting stronger in Q4.
John McAdam: Yeah. And that's a complicated question in the sense that depends on the architecture the customer goes for. So, for example, if a customer may move applications that don't have an ADC in front of them, that's an opportunity for us. A customer when he moves applications to, say a public cloud, may want to do more horizontal scaling because it's a software that type shift and that's an opportunity. In fact we've talked about that before, when we see the eType (42:49) solution, we tend to see as much revenue because there is no vertical scalability, it's horizontal. And other words, instead of a (42:58) sitting in front of 100 apps, you have one app, one image per or VE per app. So, it's quite a complicated scenario, but we feel good about it. Everything we've seen that tells it's an opportunity. The other thing we can talk about when we do that is adding security. Security when you move to the cloud is critical. So the chance that was adding more functionality from a module perspective is also good.
John McAdam: Yeah. We started the process talent in July, at the end of – towards the end of July actually. So we're not really at the end. We've got the search committee from the board, specific search committee of board members are working in this. We've actually done some interviews, the search committee and the team are being very, very thorough about this. There is no timescales yet, we're not giving – there's no timescales associated with it. And the main focus of the team in this room is on the business.
John McAdam: Yeah. There's two big areas the way I view it and if anybody wants to chip in, that's fine, but basically on the one hand we have the NFV and that moved a whole range of software and orchestration in management that we brought to the market in fiscal 2016 that helped us dramatically and we talked about speeding up the VE performance as well. That's one hand. And then on the other hand, we've got the Gi line. In the Gi line, you've got Gi Firewall, you get traffic steering, CGNAT, and that's a consolidation play. There's a big consolidation play there. And then the other thing to think about is, obviously is something we're talking about in the cloud applies to the service provider space and so does SSL. The increase of SSL traffic is also a big opportunity in service provider.
John McAdam: Yeah. I mean, we've had some really, really powerful examples of – and obviously not going to name the customers here of mitigating very, very large DDoS attacks and we've done it pretty successfully. Obviously, we have an on-premise DDoS capability. I am really talking about Silverline for the really big attack. Over time, we're going to introduce signaling in DDoS, which I think is going to be incredibly powerful that allows us to if we see some sort of a signature type thing happening on our on-premise solution where we have an – you know the size of an installed base and we can actually upload that to a Silverline as a service solution and then other customers got access to it, I think that's incredibly powerful. We've done extremely well. I mean, something, I can't go through the details in terms of the gigs, but it was just high as you've seen in some of the more public examples.
John McAdam: Yeah. On the Osborne question, it's the delay question. First of all that you have to say sometimes you don't see this, right, so sometimes you don't see it. I don't think we had anything, any material slowdown in last quarter, I don't think we saw that. We didn't actually start shipping until the end, so in fact, the new products, but pretty immaterial to the results last quarter. And we expect them to be more material this quarter. In terms of this quarter and the delay, yeah, there is no signs of that yet, but I think we do a lot of mitigating to make sure we watch it like a hawk in December because December is obviously when we have the whole product range announced, but I think we've got that managed reasonably well but we'll see what happens there. The other thing is that from a trading down perspective, interest of note – this is dangerous almost we're saying this because there is not much data, because it's only a few weeks we've been shipping the product, we've actually not seen quite a high interest at the very high-end model right now, that's probably going to change when we have the whole range available with us – that's what we've seen so far.
John McAdam: Oh! Yeah, we always assume that type, yes is yes. The other thing I was just thinking about on it is that one of the things is very, very a big increase that we've got from a performance perspective with a new product refresh is SSL, you had me going on and on of SSL and I know that feels very excited about it, but that would have been – we're going to bring more performance with Shuttle there and that could mitigate any Osborne effect as well. And also it's going to be the first ADC with ECC encryption available. So we're going to have quite competitive advantage as well.
John McAdam: Yeah, regarding the product revenue goal, I mean I think if you go back and look at what I said in my opening remarks is that our goal is to be just product revenue growth throughout the year. And I didn't say that in January, I can assure you. So, yes I think there is improvement there. In terms of the product shortage, Julian.
Ryan Kearny: Sure. Sure. I think, let me just reiterate also, some of the programmability and orchestration capabilities of our product actually from a historical perspective have really landed itself very well to the – to new environments like NFV and service chaining, et cetera. And we've got a tremendous amount of good kind of response, especially through the quarter with some of those solutions, and we will continue to do so.
Ryan Kearny: Yeah, no, absolutely. The footprint of software and virtualized ADC functionalities, it's very important now (27:54) to be smaller, more agile, more flexible in these new cloud environments, both public and private cloud. We put a significant amount of investment into this actually over the last few quarters and we'll continue to do so actually. Including smaller versions within Amazon and more – smaller versions actually helping us increase the density of these solutions within hardware platforms and stuff like that, it's also not just a smaller footprint, but it's faster boot times. It's easier licensing, it's a more service level APIs for programmability in orchestration. So, in general getting lighter, faster stuff are – is definitely a part of it, but fitting into these new orchestration environment and increasing capacity and density is also critical. So, it's a big focus area.
Ryan Kearny: I think we said last quarter that (39:50) is higher than, it was something more than 60% greater than on our last product cycle, like 63% or 65% higher than last product cycle.
