Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Fiscal Q2 of 2014 was a quarter of solid execution as customers continue to embrace our solution increased adoption of our new tired pricing model good better best and continued momentum with our security and service provider business. Revenue of $420 million was above our guided range of $408 million to $418 million, an increase of 3% from the prior quarter and 20% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $0.91 per share was above our $0.87 to $0.90 guidance. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.27 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.23 to $1.26 per share. Product revenue of $225.1 million grew 3% sequentially and 22% year-over-year representing 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $194.9 million increase 4% sequentially 18% year-over-year and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Revenue from the America is accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter. EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 14%, and Japan 6%. On a year-over-year basis America’s revenue grew 25%; EMEA revenue grew 23%; Japan revenue 17%; APAC revenue was essentially flat. Enterprise customers represent 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 23% and government sales were 13% including 5% of total sales from U.S. Federal. In Q2, we have three greater than 10% distributors; Ingram Micro, which represented 16.9% of total revenue; Avnet, which accounted for 14.4%; and Westcon, which accounted for 12.3%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 82%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.4%. GAAP operating expenses were $233.5 million, slightly above our guided range of $226 million to $233 million, a result of strong hiring as we continue to invest in our expanding market opportunities. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $201.5 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.4%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.4%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 37.2%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $82 million, reflecting the large Federal tax payment is normal in our fiscal second quarter. After repurchasing 1.4 million shares of our common stock for a total of $150 million, we ended the quarter with approximately $1.16 billion in cash and investments, approximately $631 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q2 was 48 days. Inventories were $20.7 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $587.7 million. We ended the quarter with 3,635 employees, an increase of 115 from the prior quarter. During his prepared comments, John will provide an update on the various business drivers that contributed to our growth in the first half of fiscal 2014. As we entered the back half of the year, we believe these drivers will contribute to continued revenue growth and improving profitability. For the third quarter of fiscal 2014 our revenue target is $428 million to $438 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 83.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $228 million to $236 million. This includes approximately $27.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.3 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38.5% in a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35.5%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.99 to $1.02 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.33 to $1.36 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by over a 100 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSO will be in the high 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $20 million to $23 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $130 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: And then to the gross margin, I mean one of the dynamics we have right now is the rollout of our new product line. And whenever you do that, a number of variables come into play around your margin, warranty – many indirect costs. And so we’re just seeing that dynamic, which is muting the benefits there. But overall, what we are happy with is that we’re managing the gross margin consistently with the last couple of quarters.
Andy Reinland: No, I think more we are focused on the trend, which – this was really the first full quarter. And it exceeded our expectations, so we are very happy with that. And I think we will see that continue. But as for breaking it out specifically, we are not going to do that.
Andy Reinland: I'm going to answer that – the operating margin. The way we are looking at it now, we think we are in a great spot. We have good revenue growth going. We are generating strong cash, increasing EPS; and at the same time, we see some opportunities that we want to invest in. So I stand behind my comments. We are going to see profitability ramping in the back half, but we are going to be looking at opportunities to invest that we think will drive the top line. That's how we are going to approach it.
Andy Reinland: Yes. Well, you know, we generally in specific hard numbers really are quarter out. So you can look at our guidance and kind of lay it out, and with the ranges that we gave see where we are going to land. And then when we get beyond that, it's usually directionally – usually not beyond the fiscal year. So I'm kind of sticking to those comments. So we are going to see a ramp through the back half of the year. And then come October, we will address to in a general direction for next year at that time.
Andy Reinland: Stan and then, as far as hiring goes, I said that we are going to add above 100 for the current quarter. And I think we will continue that pace through the rest of the fiscal year.
Andy Reinland: That the numbers that we give there are distributors, right, but then go through resellers. So it's a little bit to look at – it is just dependent on how sales break down and who the customers want to work through and resellers want to work through. We are required to disclose it. But there's nothing I'd read into that from one quarter to the next.
Andy Reinland: Okay. Regarding China, I think I've said – certainly I said it on the last call, I may have said it on the call before, it is a tough environment. We've seen that when we have looked at some of our peers' results as well. I think that’s going to continue for a while. We have probably bottomed out in terms of the opportunity there. I don’t think there's much risk of it being worse. However, it's not an area that we are putting any big expectations in when we get guidance. As I say, I think that's pretty much across the technology board right now. Regarding our lumpiness, unfortunately, there's always the opportunity for lumpiness in the service provider business. I think our portfolio has increased dramatically that will in some way mitigate against that lumpiness. I'm not saying we have totally mitigated; we have not, but certainly, with the security operation we’ve got opportunity we have there, with Traffix opportunities with LTE rollout with mobile traffic steering to some degree, we have a bigger portfolio there, but there always that opportunity. In terms of the specifics, I think you were asking, where there any really massive orders? Not really I mean, we had good orders, million dollar plus-type orders, but nothing way of the ordinary. Overall, the number of million dollar orders was actually quite solid, but that includes enterprise as well as service provider.
Andy Reinland: Yes. This is Manny, again. So, yes, it is LTE roaming. We are seeing a lot of that. We are seeing some basic just DRA load-balancing functionality for the signals that are out there. And then we have done in certain situations replaced Tekelec out there. Again, we are seeing a lot of good momentum in that environment. And we are talking to a lot of the service providers that are out there. There's no question Tekelec had early entry into the market been in the market longer than we were. But we feel pretty comfortable that from a technology perspective, our solution is comparable to anything the market and really superior to all. That’s out there.
Andy Reinland: Yes. On the enterprise vertical or the enterprise business, yes, it was very solid. The finance, by the way, is always a good one for us. It is like security. It is – like, new architectures, including hybrid clouds and if we are really in the great spot for that so I expect that to continue, but it was pretty solid. And I just see the last quarter that from a sales perspective that was also solid last quarter as well.
Andy Reinland: Yes. I think it could add somewhat, but as we model it out and look at growth, we think it will be in line. Nothing that we think would accelerate CapEx abnormally.
Andy Reinland: I think we could a little bit, but I don't think anything that would draw attention. I think we would manage it in the broader business.
Andy Reinland: There was my commented on the last end of we did see a nice increase in the number of – on the revenues total revenue to be go from $1 million deal plus.
Andy Reinland: Now this really nothing extraordinary we generally see when we come out with new products systems were working through managing the supply chain as we are managing warranty reserve, manufacturing costs. We see those increased costs I think to some extent you kind of merging two questions together work the Good, Better, Best pricing which add software modules over longer period of time, in theory could improve the gross margin. The short-run question that was asked was: why this specific quarter? John made the comment that our software tax rates were at an all-time level; why we didn't see that in the gross margin and I was saying that was offset in the short-run by in fact that we are in the stage of new product introduction.
Andy Reinland: No it’s lower than that. And there is tough one because as I say, it's not we are not – we are doing business there, but we have defiantly over the last probably 12 months and 9 months, 12 month we definitely seen its just tough environment in terms of getting orders from customers et cetera. Whether that’s that's endemic or not, who knows? I guess it is what it is.
John McAdam: Yes. On the first one, very few surprises Linearity was as expected pretty solid and normal we didn’t see any significant change in win rates. The business drivers were as expected in other words, security, we we’re very happy with that. We we’re happy with Traffix. We we’re happy with the possibility in enterprise replacing Cisco ACE areas. So, generally it was as expected, hence the no surprise comment.
John McAdam: Pretty much, I mean that’s reasonably accurate, I mean obviously one of the things we are excited about is you are going to see things like Versafe, the anti-fraud capability start to com into play, you’re going to see – we’re going to start introduce a storefront, with the LineRate, so there is other incremental thing, but generally I think that’s a valid assumption.
John McAdam: Yes, regarding security, we don't really split out enterprise with telco. I mean I mentioned a couple of times in my introduction that we had that we had a fairly large security deal with our firewall AFM solutions in telco, but we don’t really split it out. What I have said in the past, and I think it's still the situation, is that when you look at service provider, in particular, security is definitely a very, very big opportunity. But it is in the enterprise, as well, so – but we don't split it out by numbers.
John McAdam: I mean it was Good, Better, Best apart from the obvious benefits of, been easier to package the solutions together for the customer; giving them some incentive to add more modules; what it really gives us is a really easy entry point for the salespeople to start to talk to our customers about that added value. We could easily introduce Good, Better, Best, and then they decide to buy just a vanilla system with maybe one module, but they are thinking about the other modules because we have had the opportunity to talk to them.
John McAdam: Yes. Let me answer it. So we had about half the quarter when the introduced it in the previous quarter, in Q1. Q2 is our first dual quarter, and the amount of revenue that we saw with GBB sales was up 82% from that half quarter sale. That's fundamentally what it is. We are not going to split out the actual numbers in terms of the revenue, but we are very happy with the results. And we are especially happy with the split – the percentage that went towards the Best of the GBB.
John McAdam: Yes and this is John and I’ll talk about it, and I think Manny can talk about some of the cloud things and then Andy will give the answer to his question. Its interesting when you say demand, one of the things that I’m very about at the moment is that over a fairly short space of time, we really have expanded our addressable markets. The acquisition of Traffix is a good example of that. We feel very good about what we are seeing with the Versafe subscription service. We think we have an opportunity there. We are going to be getting more active with the LineRate solution for web developers. Security, the demand there that we see for our module sales, and all three of them. Clearly, the traditional firewall is a greenfield opportunity for us and we are starting to see some real good success there. So from that perspective and then I think Good, Better, Best, the product refresh and the ACE opportunity are all big opportunities. That's why we’ve been hiring, we're hiring because we are seeing demand overall as an opportunity. And Andy will give you more details in your specific question, but I think you will see us doing that in the future, because it would be crazy not to do that. And then as part of that, if you look at the technology changes that are happening with the cloud that Manny can comment in a second; the pricing structures that are buying capabilities of the customer. We think we are in really good shape when we look at our current portfolio of products with software and BIG-IQ, and areas like that. So we think we are in a real sweet spot of a lot of these very significant changes.
John McAdam: I mentioned the Good, Better, Best I've answered that I think yes, in theory, adding more modules that are purely software to increase sorter size should help the margin, but we are careful not to guide that for a lot of reasons. A lot of it is strategic, that we want to keep that close in case we want to use that with our channel partners or in other ways. So, but in theory, your question is right. It gives us flexibility.
John McAdam: We’ve already done—we didn't have a Seattle security operations center up until we introduced it just recently. And I mentioned that in the call. And that I didn’t have a massive effect on the CapEx.
John McAdam: Yes. I get that. And we are kind of seeing a bit of a trend amongst companies that come with technology that they are trying – they are managing it a bit more, whereas they used to just sell it. That's why I bring it up.
John McAdam: Yes, actually the average order size that which is the metric we give, it had been pretty steady right at the $100,000 but we saw that increase last quarter 200%. So about a 10% increase.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean we are pretty comfortable with U.S. Federal; we really like the team that was got in place. By definition we tend to expect a very solid quarter come September and I think we‘ll see that. If you are selling solutions that are based on datacenter consolidation, the cloud and the internet then you are in good share, and that’s what we do. So I think that continues to be a key market for us.
John McAdam: This gives life to this whole discussion about what really is our core business. Remember, our definition of an ADC Application Delivery Controller is basically a platform, and that can be a software platform or a system platform or a combination of both, but it’s certainly a part of a bigger architecture. That includes on that platform the ability to expand an addressable market by adding more and more bundle solutions security being a classic example. So when we sell BIG-IP 4000 and we have our application file with a module on that, we view that as ADC market. And that's what we do and then obviously there is revenue associated with each solution, but you'll just see that continues to expand, in other words, we believe we are expanding an addressable market Brian and we don’t even look at it as what is the basic core market? We look at: what's the current expandable market that we are driving to and that’s definitely expanding aggressively.
