Frank Pelzer: George, thanks so much for your question, and thanks so much for the well wishes. We obviously wish the same for you and your family. We actually -- in looking the prepared remarks that I and François stated, we have not seen the impact yet on our demand in any meaningful way. And it was a balance of gives and takes for what happened at the end of the quarter. So, we felt that it was prudent and took the SEC guidance on what -- to please give investors your best view at the time, and this is our best view at a time. Now, I would note that the revenue range is three times what we normally do, and we think that takes into account the uncertainty, but we thought that this was the prudent thing to do for our investors.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. I understand, Sami, and obviously 8% was a very strong quarter that we noted last quarter. We said that it would be a little closer to what we saw in Q4 for Q2 and that would have implied something around $327 million. We saw a little bit of push a in some of the professional services projects, which is why we ended up where we did in terms of a growth rate for next quarter on an absolute dollar basis, I would expect something close to what we did in Q2, but it could have some fluctuations of $2 million or $3 million in either direction.
Frank Pelzer: Alex, thank you. Actually, I'll start with the last part of your question and come back to the beginning. So, in terms of being part of CI/CD environment, Alex, we've done a lot of work starting now two years ago on our BIG-IP software to basically enhance the form factors and create automation templates that allowed us to fit very well in those environments. And one of the factors that's driving the growth in BIG-IP software right now specifically, is our ability to fit into these more automated environments, and we have more customers that are getting mature as part of the digital transformation and trying to get more velocity that are deploying us in those kinds of environments. And to the other part of your question, which is, as it relates to our fit with Kubernetes, as you know, NGINX is widely deployed in Kubernetes environment. In a lot of use cases NGINX is deployed as an Ingress controller to these environments. BIG-IP also has capability to be deployed as an Ingress controller, so we have both capabilities today. And we are seeing -- actually this quarter, I would say, was what we saw is an acceleration of this better together capability that we've talked about between F5 and NGINX, where in some of these modern application environments, where NGINX is a great fit, we're starting to see DevOps engineers kind of look at security as an important element of what they do more and more. And we've been able to win a couple of deals where NGNIX was used, for example, as an API gateway and F5 security WAF was brought in on top to create an overall API security solution. And so we think we're going to see more and more of those types of deals with the controller that we announced in January. So, the controller really is the easy button that allows our customers to deploy multiple modules and scale instances of NGNIX fairly rapidly and with a lot of -- without a lot of complexity. And the controller also enables us to bring together the original NGNIX use cases with the add on F5 WAF for example that we've -- we're putting under that controller. So, all of it together, what we see is, you know, F5 fitting both in these modern and traditional environments and bringing those two worlds together.
Frank Pelzer: We should see accelerated growth as a result of that, yes, both because of our role in front of Kubernetes clusters, and also eventually our role inside of Kubernetes clusters, which we are -- we'll talk more about some new product initiatives we have for that.
Frank Pelzer: Meta, I'll start with second question, it's Frank, and then I'll turn it François to address the M&A question. So, on the professional services, we have the capability of providing those services remotely for the large majority of our customers. There are some federal where we do need to actually be in person, and we've gotten that permission and if the employees feel comfortable, we are allowing that, but it's by far the exception as opposed to the rule. It's professional services as a whole in relation to our services a very small percentage of our total services bucket, most of our services revenue are associated with maintenance type relationships. But we have been able to provide a lot of those services remotely.
Frank Pelzer: So, I think we've probably given you enough components to break most of that down, but out of the services piece that's still a healthy chunk of all of that recurring revenue, but we also talked about subscription as a percentage of software being -- over 73% in the quarter and taking those two factors into account, you get to over 65% of our total revenue being recurring. In terms of the profitability, we've got obviously very strong gross margins across the portfolio. And then what we do with the operating expenses beyond that is, is really in conjunction with the entirety of the portfolio, not just any one particular area. And so our gross margins are quite high in our services revenue, as you can see. And then in our software revenue, it's quite high as well, where we take a little bit of a lump in some of the managed services, as well as some of the hardware. But overall, still close to 85% in gross margins.
Frank Pelzer: And in terms of the gross margin question, we are on the low end because of Shape more than anything else.
François Locoh-Donou: And James, just to add to that, on the second part of your question on why we are confident, it's not just a pull. We looked carefully at what we were able to close this quarter, and we try to assess the impact of COVID-19 on our numbers. And when we look at what's happened, we actually did see some deal get pushed out into the following quarter. Now a number of these deals have now closed in April. But we did see some deals get pushed out as a result of COVID-19, either because people couldn't physically get the deals done or because they just shifted to other immediate priorities. And conversely, we also saw some things that were pulled in by some customers. And so when you balance those things out, we actually landed where we expected to land. And so if you look at our second quarter, we feel that COVID-19 essentially had no real impact when you balance the puts and the takes.
François Locoh-Donou: So, Jim, the as you know, the largest vertical for F5 are financial services, government, telco, and technology to a large extent. And so these verticals are -- at least at the moment, at least one step we moved from the immediate effect of the crisis relative to other verticals. And we've seen that in our enterprise business. If you look at the verticals that are most impacted, at least most directly impacted to date, by the crisis, which would be the ones you mentioned, so retail, transportation, travel and entertainment, hospitality industries. Those verticals taken altogether represent less than 10% of our enterprise business. So, our exposure there is limited.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Tim. Tim, let me just clarify first on the Q2 results and what drove the strength specifically -- well, both in hardware and software. The access portion, so the part of our portfolio that is directly linked to work-from-home enablement did play a role, and we saw an increase in that business. But it is a small part of our business and so it really wasn't a material part to the overall results. So, if you look at what really drove the results, it is the usual drivers of our strategy and transformation, which is specifically in software, it's the work we've done on automating -- automation and orchestration that allows us to get into a lot of these new modern application environments, both with our BIG-IP software and increasingly with NGINX. It's the work we've done on new commercial models and we're seeing the adoption of subscriptions by our customers very rapidly as the form of consumption. You saw, Tim that about 73% of our software revenue this quarter was subscriptions. So, you see a huge acceleration there. And its continued strong security attach rates on software, both on-prem and even further in the cloud. And so if you look at the combination of those factors, that's really what's driving the -- certainly, the growth in the software business. As it relates specifically to the cloud, we continue to see very strong growth in our cloud business drive by people taking our software and implementing it into the major could providers, driven by stronger security attach rate in the public cloud than on-prem, and we're starting to see also good early signs from our partnership with AWS with the work that we've been doing with them at the front end of the business. So, all of those contributed to the growth. But I do want to stress that, unlike others who would have seen a huge bump, perhaps kind of a one-time bump related to work-from-home part of the portfolio, this is a small part of our portfolio for us, so it wasn't the real driver for the quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, hi. Look, I think the answer is, in short, yes. We are -- we're seeing both. I should say, we have some customers who support large applications, including applications that support collaboration and work-from-home, that -- have that infrastructure in the data center, and those customers actually need more hardware to support these applications, and so I think we're going to continue to see that. That being said, I think as a result of this crisis, the drivers that have moved people to go more to software are going to continue to be there impossibly accelerate. You've heard me say before that I think our customers are more mature in being able to build out a private cloud in their implementations of their infrastructure into public cloud. And also, as the ecosystem matures, more and more building this modern application environment, all of these things are driving for a software-first approach. And in our customer's, I would say, over the last 12 months we have seen more and more of them adopt a software-first policy and in some cases, a cloud-first policy. I think we're going to see both of them accelerate. The other thing that I think will accelerate is the shift to consumption of these technologies on a subscription basis. And we're seeing that in our one-year subscription agreement and three-year subscription agreements that more and more of our customers want to move to this model, that is an OpEx-based model for them. So, all around, I think you'll see an acceleration. But if you pull way back from that, what's going to happen, I think, Sami, just beyond the software, hardware shift is, year, more and more our customers are going to rely on applications to deliver and create value. You perhaps have heard us talk about what we call the era of application capital and that is the belief that for most of our customers, the most valuable assets they can possess is actually their applications. And that's been even truer in this crisis. And so I think you're going to see the growth of applications continue to accelerate and the value that is created and transacted from applications will accelerate, which means things like application security and application delivery will become even more important. And frankly, that was part of the believe system that led to our acquisition of Shape and NGINX a year ago.
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, so you know we announced Rakuten, I think it was a three quarters ago as a customer, you're right, it did launch this quarter and we are part of the infrastructure. They are on a subscription agreement with us. So, as they launch and expand the services, there'll be opportunities for us to expand with them. But I wouldn't comment specifically on the -- on their numbers in a given quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: Rod, well, linearity was just basically what we would have expected in a normal quarter. We basically were trending normally up until the I would say the first week of March. And then, you know, as things started to get more severe in U.S. and Europe. And we frankly had a period of time in a couple of his marks where we didn't know what to expect for the rest of March. But what we saw happen is some things started to get pushed out, but we also see -- saw some things get accelerated by a few customers. So in the end, linearity ended up being what we would have thought it would be at the beginning of the quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, we had a couple of things that accelerated at the end of the quarter and compensated for the things that got pushed out. One was the part of our portfolio that directly addressed work from home or remote access to applications from end users. And the second part was some customers who -- in anticipation of potential supply chain issues, accelerated orders on a couple of projects. So, those were the two factors that were accelerated and compensated for other things that got pushed out.
François Locoh-Donou: And Meta to your question around how we think about M&A. I want to pull back up here, and the share my perspective, over the last 12 months, we spent $1.8 billion in aggregate in the acquisition of Shape and NGINX, which as I said before, were driven by the belief that applications would become even more valuable assets to our customers in that application delivery across modern and traditional environments would continue to grow. And application security is, we believe, the security issue of the next decade. And so we feel very, very good about the strategic position that we have now when you combine the assets from F5, NGINX and Shape. And so when we look at the near future, our focus really is on value creation from NGINX and Shape. We think there's a lot of growth to come from what we've done there and operating leverage to come from what we've done. Our focus is on creating value with that, also on continuing to rebuild our cash position and maintaining a very strong operating model. And so that's where we're focused in the short-term data and not on further M&A for the time being.
François Locoh-Donou: Paul, it's the latter. It's too early to be meaningful. So, it's more revenue down the road. What we are seeing today is two great areas of progress. One is considerable progress on joint development of combined solutions. And two is we are now getting quite a lot of leads from AWS. So if you recall in the past, we would meet at the customer front. Part of the reason we did this agreement is because we know a lot of our customers would like to leverage AWS. But in a lot of cases, AWS is in conversations that F5 was not a part of. And as a result of this agreement, AWS is now pulling in -- pulling F5 into these conversations and providing a lot of leads to us that we didn't have visibility to before. But those are great leading indicators, but revenue is further down the road.
François Locoh-Donou: Paul, I think you're correct about the -- all three regions, being in the same zone of mid-single-digit growth. As it relates to telecoms, what I would point to you there, Paul, is that where you would expect the work from home situation to really create potentially upside to spend in the telco space is really in the wireline area, F5 has more exposure to the wireless side of the equation. And so our performance in telco is driven more by what we'll see in the early, so we're spending to have these early 5G wins. And as, as the spend on 5G accelerates and the capacity upgrades come from 5G, we should see the benefit of that at F5. But we have a lot less correlation to wireline telco spend.
François Locoh-Donou: There are also a couple of areas of softness and -- also in China, in North Asia, in particular, so that for us is -- sort of, China and Korea, we saw some softness there. We also saw some softness in Latin America. The rest of the world had strength, I would say, across the board. So that's kind of the differences that we've seen this quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: So, I -- Amit, the -- first of all, I just want to be very clear, because I think it's a recurring theme here. And I don't believe any of these trends has to do with some kind of one-time pull in related to COVID-19. Because as I said before, what we saw in COVID on the impact of our business was basically net neutral. Some things got pulled in, some things got pushed out and that's where we're at. So, the fundamental drivers that that led to the growth in the -- in our software business are basically the things that I've been talking about around automation, orchestration, getting into these modern app environments, including Kubernetes environments. The continued growth of security use cases. Our acceleration into the cloud, our subscription business, the NGINX contribution, all of those things are -- these are long-term drivers. They're going to continue to be there quarter after quarter. Now, I would say, we -- if you'll look at Q3 and Q4 of this year, so the next two quarters. Last year we had 90% growth in software in each of those quarters. And so, if you -- the compare if you will year-on -ear is much tougher in Q3 than it was in Q2, or the year-on-year growth comparison. But that being said, but drivers -- I think the drivers are going to continue to be there, and if you recall, we also said that the growth in software in any given quarter because there was not yet a very large number could be lumpy. And so, in Q1 of 2020, I think we did, we did 50% growth in software. There was a worry I think at the time that our software goes were decelerating, and we said no, you'll see that we should have stronger growth in software into Q2. And we did have stronger growth in Q2 than we did in Q1. So that's just a trying to give you a full picture of how to look at our software growth quarter-on-quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. No, the answer is no. The ones that were pulled in, I think the two factors were customers that worried about supply chain and really wanted to put their -- to shore up some critical infrastructure very quickly or some things related to remote access and enabling work from home. On the deals that were pushed out, it was either customers that physically -- because they have to work from home, they were not able to process these deals. Or customers who had other immediate priorities in the case of the pandemic and just killed or postponed a project to go attend to other areas. But there wasn't -- there wasn't a correlation in terms of hardware, software, or frankly, even by segment. It was more of a case-by-case by customer.
