Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5 delivered solid results in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 setting the stage for sequential year-over-year growth through the remainder of the fiscal year. Revenue of $516 million was within our guided range of $510 million to $520 million and F5 present from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. GAAP EPS of $1.44 per share exceeded our guidance of $1.40 to $1.43. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.98 per share also exceeded our guidance of $1.92 to $1.95. Products revenue of $239.5 million in the first quarter was up 2% year-over-year and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Service revenue of $276.5 million grew 8.5% year-over-year and represented 54% of total revenue. Accounting for 56% of the total revenue from the Americas was up 7% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. EMEA, which represented 25% of revenue grew 2% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 14% of revenue and grew 4% year-over-year. And Japan revenue representing 5% of the total grew 9% from a year ago. Sales to enterprise customers represented 65% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21% and government sales were 15% including 5% of total sales from U.S. Federal. In Q1, we had four greater than 10% distributors. Westcon, which represented 18.8% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which counted for 16%; Avnet representing 12.3%; and Arrow which accounted for 10.1%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 83.5%. Our Non-GAAP gross margin was 85%. GAAP operating expenses of $293.2 million – within our target range of $285 million to $294 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $251.2 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.6%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 32.7%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 31.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $189.3 million. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 1.06 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $142.11 for a total of $150 million. $624 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q1 was 55 days. Inventories were $33.7 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $14.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 9% year-over-year to $914.2 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 4,460 employees, an increase of 65 from the prior quarter. Moving on to our outlook for the current quarter, as we discussed at our Analyst Investor Meeting in November, Q2 will be first quarter, which our BIG-IP iSeries appliance family shifts for the entire quarter. Initial uptake of iSeries in Q1 was solid and more than met our expectations and we expect to see that trend continue in the current quarter. We also saw strong business for our 100-gig blade across service providers. In addition, we will be launching two stand alone security products DDoS Hybrid Defender and SSL Orchestrator on our Herculon platform purpose-built to simplified the deployment and enhance the performance of these services. We will also begin shipping the new 40-gig versions of our software only Virtual Edition products, which quadruple the performance of the prior versions. Early demand trends for these new products is robust and as a result, we anticipate continued product revenue growth. Although, we expect to see some continued slowing in our service revenue growth, in the short-term related to the product revenue deceleration we saw in fiscal 2016 with continued product revenue growth acceleration, we would expect this trend to begin to normalize over the back half of the year. With this in mind, for the second quarter, our revenue target is $518 million to $528 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated at/or around 83%, including approximately $5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.6 million amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at/or around 84.5%. For Q2, we anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $290 million to $300 million, including approximately $39 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 34% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 32%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.41 to $1.44 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.95 to $1.98. We plan to increase our headcount by 60 to 80 employees in the current quarter. And we believe our cash flow from operations will exceed $170 million. As a reminder, this amount reflects the impact of two Federal Tax Payments that we normally incur during our fiscal second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So historically when we’ve talked about it, we’ve talked about services following product, but in an more elongated fashion, and so I think when we say normalized, we are going to see that kind of shallow out through the year with the product revenue growth, and then that product revenue growth will start to pull it up as we continue executing.
Andy Reinland: We said we expect it to continue – services revenue to slow again this quarter, and then with product revenue growth, we’ll see it normalize and then start to pull up. So you can interpret that how you like.
Andy Reinland: And then on deal sizes, Jess, we’ve been in this range between $110 million and $120 million for – at least through fiscal 2016 and now, and that continued. We were at the low end, though, at right around $110 million, but I think worth highlighting that we saw this quarter was the strength in our large deals was up. And we’ve talked a lot in the past that we watch large deals in particular just to measure how we feel about the macro, and we felt really good about how many million-dollar plus and even 500 to $1 million deals, it was a strong outcome there.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So on the new products, Vijay, I think, as John said, usually we see the uptake by the end of the year. It’s about 80% of our sales. I think we’ve talked a lot over the last year that we see this as a driver of our business, so we’re excited for that, and we’re usually on about a three-year cycle for upgrading our hardware platforms and so I think you’ll see us work against that kind of timeline again.
Andy Reinland: Yes, so just a couple quick comments on app dynamics themselves. One thing I want to make just clear is we’re definitely not a competitor. Actually, application analytics companies in general, we actually – are a significant amount of our partners, so the amount of analytics and metrics and visibility that our technologies and products have because they’ve stayed in that strategic kind of control point between clients and the applications is incredible. We see a lot of the information about applications, and so we have a significant amount of technology and functionality that extends and feeds analytics applications externally.
Andy Reinland: If you look at how we bring our product together, there is some assembly overseas, but really all the software development is here in the U.S. We load all the software onto our hardware platforms here in the U.S., so from what we’ve heard from the rhetoric and our look at it, we’re not sure there would be that big of an impact to us, but we continue to listen and learn. And then, the one – I’ll just end on this. You challenged me with a little math there because of how I give you the information, but if I take OpEx and back out the stock-based comp that we talked about and the amortization of purchased intangible assets, it would be $250.3 million to $260.3 million of OpEx.
Andy Reinland: We bill mainly in U.S. dollars. We’ve seen a little benefit from Brexit, frankly, on the OpEx side, but to quantify it looking forward, I think, is too difficult at this point.
John McAdam: Okay. Yes, good. On the first one, on service provider, actually I felt really good about service provider last quarter, especially in Americas. We had a really, really solid performance there where we saw a lot of wins with the GI firewall replacing the existing – and I’m talking multimillion-dollar type wins. We saw across the board the 100-gig board had a real big jump up in terms of the number of cards shipped from the previous quarter, and then I talked about things like IoT where we think that’s pretty good, and we’re looking forward – we are actually going to have quite an exciting event at Mobile World Congress, showing a lot of customer-type solutions and partner solutions. EMEA did have a tough-ish quarter in service provider and that went hand-in-hand, quite frankly, with the overall toughness we’ve seen, but I was pretty happy with the results. In terms of the product refresh, I think I caught the question, but if I didn’t, Andy, excuse me, will correct me. But as we’ve said in the past, we tend to see in the first few quarter of shipping, 25% of those – that product type to be the new product. This is looking very good for that to happen. As we said in the script, we’re very, very happy with the way that – the reception from customers, A, from the ones that we announced towards the end of Q4, and then for the ones that we announced at the end of Q1. We even saw quite a strong pickup towards the end of December across the board, and I know that the field are quite excited about it.
John McAdam: Linearity, yes. The linearity last quarter was interesting. If you look at it at face value, it was fairly normal; however, what we did see was a little bit of a lull in the middle of the quarter, round about the announcement – before the announcement of the new VIPRION products. I don’t know if that was a slight amount of Osborne or not, who knows. But we saw that picking up to normality, so no real big – not much to talk about there.
John McAdam: I bet as a lot of people smiling that one, everybody seems to smile when we talk about retire again. I mean just to give you an update on that, I’m not going too much detail here because obviously the sales process is the responsibility of the Board and the sales committee have involved in it, but it’s their responsibility. But the process is actually progressing really well. Obviously we’ll let you know ASAP when we get something to an own, but meanwhile my focus by a mile is focusing on the business and delivering another quarter, this quarter, another good quarter.
John McAdam: And then the other things Julian, asking about Silverline, I think you missed in this script was, we’re very much using Silverline as a competitive advantage, just against cloud based solutions and other service solution. But also by integrating with your firewall and our WAF capability initiating intelligence, we think that a massive differentiator for us. Because of our installed on premise base, installed base so big we can get more and more intelligence for the cloud-based solution.
John McAdam: It still equates more, but growing I mean I could give you a very big growth number, but that would be, it quite still equates more. And I think what we said and we suppose taking to this is as I guess bigger the Fed revenue in particular from a subscription point of view, we’ll start talking about it.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean this is – I’m going to give you an answer. It’s a little bit dangerous, because as an assumption you can’t take us to the bank. However, everything we have seen right now is telling us, this is going to be a very, very similar product cycle previous ones. We’re seeing excitement in the customer base, we’re seeing quite take up of the new products. We think we’re going to be very, very similar from a percentage point of view, I mentioned in terms of this current quarter versus the previous ones. So we’ll see, but so far, so good.
John McAdam: Typically, I might be wrong. It typically starts at 25%, gets up to about 80% by the end of the year.
John McAdam: There’s two things we’re looking at, and I think hopefully taking a conservative view is that EMEA has seen a few tough quarters here, so until we’re confident of success there, we’re going to take a conservative stance on that. Obviously, we mentioned services, and until we start to see the product growth coming back – there the main areas, but no – in terms of looking alone at the product stream, when I look at what I’m very happy about, it’s software sales, the VE sales, the cloud sales starting to rise with Amazon and Azure. Security was double digit and we feel reasonably good about that. But they were the two main areas that we took into account.
John McAdam: I think, frankly, it’s probably a combination of macro and we could probably improve execution in certain areas, probably both.
John McAdam: And then in terms of the micro services type opportunity, we see that as – it’s mostly going to be east/west type traffic. It’s going to be in container architecture. We see that as an additional area to where we are today with our core business, which obviously is mostly north/south traffic, mostly application – optimizing applications in that environment. So, I don’t think there’s going to be a clash here. I think it’s more of an additional market type opportunity.
John McAdam: Okay. On the first one, I did mention that we had a pretty solid quarter last quarter with the security software solutions, which obviously is attach rate as well. In fact, I talked about double-digit growth, so we felt very, very good about that. We expect iSeries definitely to give us more attach rate; the performance is designed to do that. We’ve taken a number of restrictions, especially towards the bottom end of the product line that should help out as well, so generally we would expect that to be the case.
John McAdam: Yes, I mean, we have become more and more positive, Paul, over the last year in particular in terms of the opportunity of the public cloud. I mean, one of the things that has been becoming very obvious, too, is when our customers – remember, we have a very, very large Fortune 500 customer base – when our customers are doing lifts and shifts to the public cloud, whether Azure, whether it’s Amazon, et cetera, that almost 100% of the time our products are going with that and that product being, it could be classic TMOS with programmability and iRules already included. It could be additional products like the WAF for protection or firewall or access policy management. And that’s one of the reasons we’ve been giving a lot of customer examples on that basis. So we’re working in the field with the AWS folks in the field; we’re doing the same with Microsoft. We’re viewing it as an opportunity, and in fact, I highlighted it as one of the three emerging opportunities that…
John McAdam: Yes. And also remember the studies we’ve done in terms of hybrid clouds, I mean, hybrid clouds is all over the place from the customer perspective. I can’t remember the exact percentage; I think it was in the 80 – but it’s a very high percentage of the responses we got where the large customers that we sell to are going into hybrid cloud environment. That gives us a massive opportunity, A, to make it happen and, B, to take advantage of it as we take our security and our mature products and make sure they are on the public side of that.
John McAdam: It is, and it’s usually September where we have a very strong , I mean, what we’d say is we’re very, very happy with the sales execution over the last couple of years in federal. So we expect it to be strong, but this is far too early.
Paul Silverstein: I love being last. Several questions, it’s my mic, sit back. First, Andy, just a clarification, can you repeat what the pro forma OpEx, the guidance is? My apologies.
Paul Silverstein: Two other quick questions, U.S. Fed outlook, is it too early to talk about what the outlook is for the fiscal year for U.S. Fed…
Paul Silverstein: All right. And I assume it would be a similar response, Andy, with respect to the extent that tax policy hasn’t even been set yet in terms of both – in terms of particularly with respect to incentivizing manufacturing in the U.S. and penalizing manufacturing abroad. So that said, we understand the tax policy hasn’t been set, can you give us any insight in terms of prospectively what impact that could have? How much manufacturing is done abroad versus U.S.? I know there’s a heavy software element, but there is also a hardware element to your solutions.
