John Eldridge: Thank you, Wanda and welcome all of you on the line to our earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Manny Rivelo, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer will be the principal speakers on today’s call. Kristen Dimlow, our new EVP of Human Resources and the other members of our executive team are also on hand to answer questions following these prepared remarks. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today’s press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today’s live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through October 28 from 4:30 p.m. today until midnight Pacific Time, July 23. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-879-6771 or 402-220-5335. During today’s call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. And now, I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
John Eldridge: Okay. Well, this is John Eldridge, excuse me for interrupting but we would like to take two more questions and then we will call it.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you again all of you for joining us on this call. And we hope you have a good quarter and we will do our best to put up another good quarter and we’ll talk to you again in three months or so.
Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the third quarter of fiscal 2015, F5 delivered solid results that reflect growing demand for our expanding array of products and services. As more large organizations deploy hybrid architectures, we continue to see momentum in sales of our software offerings, both as modules on our purpose-built hardware and the standalone virtual editions. During Q3, we also saw the beginning of what we believe will be a steady ramp in sales of our subscription-based Silverline services. These trends, combined with the ongoing success of our Good, Better, Best sales motion, demand for our security products and continued traction with our key partners, all contributed to the quarter’s positive results. Revenue of $483.6 million grew 2% from the prior quarter and 10% year-over-year and was at the high end of our $475 million to $485 million guided range. GAAP EPS of $1.29 per share was above our guidance of $1.16 to $1.19 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.67 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.57 to $1.60 per share. The strength in EPS was driven by our solid revenue and operating margin results and lower-than-expected tax rate during the quarter. Product revenue of $248.8 million, up 2% sequentially and 5% year-over-year, represented 51% of total revenue. Service revenue of $234.8 million increased 3% sequentially, 15% year-over-year and accounted for 49% of total revenue. The Americas accounted for 58% of revenue during the quarter; EMEA contributed 24%; APAC, 13%; and Japan, 4%. On a year-over-year basis, Americas revenue grew 13%; EMEA revenue grew 14%. Conversely, APAC revenue declined 6% and Japan revenue was down 2%. Enterprise customers represented 66% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 20% and government sales were 14%, including 6% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q3, we have three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 19.2%; Ingram Micro, which represented 16.7%; and Avnet representing 13.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.3%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.6%. GAAP operating expenses were $257.8 million at the low end of our guided range of $257 million to $266 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $224.3 million. GAAP operating margin was 29%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 37.2%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 was 33.9%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $172.5 million. In Q3, we repurchased just over 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $124.92 for a total of $150 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.16 billion in cash and investments. Approximately, $624 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q3 was 49 days. Inventories were $30 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $21.2 million. Deferred revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $742.5 million. We ended the quarter with 4,110 employees, an increase of 75 from the prior quarter. Now, for the outlook, building on another quarter of solid momentum with our key drivers, we believe we will continue to see strong year-over-year revenue and earnings growth. Our revenue target for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 is $500 million to $510 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% to 82.5% range. This includes approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be in the 83.5% to 84% range. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $267 million to $276 million. This includes approximately $38.5 million in stock-based compensation expense and $0.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. The stock-based compensation guidance reflects a one-time approximately $5 million increase as a result of the CEO transition as outlined in our 8-K filed April 22. For Q4, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 37% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Reflecting the increased stock-based compensation expense, our GAAP EPS target is $1.26 to $1.29 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.72 to $1.75 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by at least 125 employees in the current quarter and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $185 million. And with that, I will turn the call over to Manny Rivelo.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So, on the buyback, that’s something that we address every quarter with the board. I don’t think – I think if you look at how we have performed on our buyback over the last couple of years, we are probably one of the most aggressive companies out there in terms of the percentage of buyback to our cash flow. So, the concept of an accelerated buyback or anything like that, that’s something we may go with the board, discuss with the board, but nothing to announce about that right now. And then on M&A, we continue to look very actively. Anything that we believe can accelerate our roadmap we are going to look at very seriously and beyond that, really no change to the strategy.
Andy Reinland: And then, yes, Ittai, the 75 increase you are right, we were hoping to be well north of 100. And it’s a tough market for hiring out there and we tend to be pretty picky. So, that’s why the guidance this time we said we want to be in excess of 125. We brought on Kristen as EVP of Human Resources and that’s one of the areas of focus that she has been tasked with attacking. So, we want to hire. I think if you go out to our website, you see a lot of postings. And we are trying to be as aggressive as we can about it.
Andy Reinland: Yes. And then future growth rates you know, Jess, we don’t talk about that or give that out, but we believe our opportunity is there and we need to execute against that. And driving top line growth is what we are all about as an executive team. And I think you will see us continue pushing that and investing to make that happen.
Andy Reinland: And then we did take some revenue in the current quarter on the deals that we talked about and there will be some next quarter too.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So, in both APAC and LatAm, we did some messaging from our sales organizations that the currency did impact the business. It just tends to slow things down because people want a stable currency. And so we saw a little bit there. In Southern Europe, it’s a little different. It could have been currency. There are also macro issues. But that was slower than we would like to see I mean still looking at that. We haven’t really had to do much additional discounting. It's more working with the sales teams and the partners to get a situation where the currency stabilizes and we can execute the deal. But we haven’t really had to address it through discounting.
Andy Reinland: No, usually what happens because we sell through resellers and distributors, it will come through the channel to us to request for us to partner with them to work a deal. And we just haven’t been getting those types of requests. I think it’s more about the stability of the currency than so much the dollar change.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So I think we will see – you are right, a lot of it has driven our CapEx is investments we have made in our San Jose facility, where we expanded that facility. We put in a tech center in San Jose so that we can bring customers in down there in conjunction with our partners all in the Bay Area. So we think that’s going to be really good. We expanded Tel Aviv. We have been expanding in Seattle. I think you will see one more big quarter next quarter. And then we will continue with expansion and upgrade in Seattle. So to a lesser degree, you will see it continue, I mean it’s all going to be good for hiring.
Andy Reinland: Yes. To be honest, we really approach there is so much more on profitability and that’s our focus. I do think that as the Silverline services ramp up that will drive cash flow more strongly, but we will see. I don’t – I actually not really comfortable talking about guiding cash flow from that perspective. But I think the way you see it operate focus on the top line growth managing our profitability, staying on top of the business is something that we plan to continue.
Andy Reinland: Yes. We are not going to talk about specific guidance on product revenue except to say, again, it’s our number one priority and that’s where we are focused on doing and how we are managing and driving the business forward.
Manny Rivelo: Vijay thanks. I appreciate that kind of words. So yes, competition is something we look out very closely. As a matter of fact, just earlier this week, we did [Technical Difficulty] QVR and we review the competition every single quarter. The competitive trend haven't change significantly. I think you have seen over the last course of the last four to six quarters that we have been gaining market share in the market. We see that as going very well for us. And our traditional competitors we think are in a position that we know, not only how to compete against them, we have superior solutions. Yes, you will see us continue expand our programs, which we have aggressively focused on things like Cisco ACE replacement to also conclude the competition. So, we know that there is opportunity there. We are competing with them directly. We are also partnering with companies like VMware and tackling their VDI space. And you should expect to see more of that over the course of the next 90 days.
Manny Rivelo: And the only thing I would add, Vijay, it’s Manny, on the M&A side, it’s something that we are very active on. We look at a lot of deals and we look at deals as Andy said to enhance our portfolio, consolidate services inside the portfolio from a roadmap perspective. So, we will continue to do that as we see fit. Obviously, the markets are little floppy right now, right, but to be slightly honest. But that doesn’t mean that we will slow down our activity.
Manny Rivelo: So, Ittai, it’s Manny. Just on federal real quick, so we won’t provide as you know guidance into future quarters, but what we see in federal is just a strong pipeline of business, right. There has been a lot of projects in the federal market space. I think we have been telegraphing that, but it’s not for lack of visibility into the projects, it’s in the past been more for lack of budget into that. So, we saw very strong quarter. We anticipate in typical fashion right with the federal as its largest quarter usually in our fiscal Q4. So, we don’t anticipate that changing.
Manny Rivelo: Okay. So, let me just address the software growth. So, as you know – and we have talked about this in the past, our business predominantly software, what goes into our platform tends to be predominantly software. And we have been seeing that growth increases as I pointed out in the comments over the course of the last three years. We continue to expect that to increase. But I want to be very clear it’s not as if the market is rapidly transitioning from software to hardware. What we are seeing is a new set of applications that require much more of a scale-out solution and/or applications that are going directly into cloud environments. We actually think that the future architectures have two tiers associated with it. And what I mean by that is an ingress tier into the data center that requires high-performance hardware to mitigate traffic whether it be firewall services, DDoS attacks and all of those capabilities we provide using our hardware. On top of that, what we see is a second tier, which sometimes tends to be much more propagation tier, which could go to these. So, we think the future will have a mix of both hardware and software. And then the other part, are we going to see cannibalization of the hardware business? The way we price our VE relative to our hardware is on par from a unit pricing perspective. And I will just give you an absolute data point so you could have that. If you look at a 5-gig virtual edition of our product, it’s about $26,000. Our BIG-IP 2200, it’s about $28,000. So, it’s almost on par and those are both 5-gig devices inside the environment. So, what we are really seeing is customers making a decision much more on whether they want accelerated performance and/or they want the flexibility of the software for scale-out architecture. So, we don’t anticipate that to be a rapid cannibalization moving by any stretch of imagination.
Manny Rivelo: Yes. So, we are having good momentum in the carrier space. And as you know, the carrier business tends to be a little lumpy in project base. We did see our largest security, Gi firewall win with a domestic Tier 1 operator. It’s been repeat business and we continue to see that ramping up. We continue to see that same traction in other theaters. But I think what’s also very interesting is that service providers are moving very rapidly to software based architectures using things like NFV, network function virtualization. And our products because we provide the same feature functionality, whether it be on accelerated hardware and as virtual editions are very well suited, we are seeing our huge uptick in proof-of-concepts around NFV. We are seeing that movement really, really rise. So, that’s future opportunity for us early days like we have spoken about, but very exciting for us.
Manny Rivelo: Yes, it’s a great question, Troy. So we have been executing through that now for about a year and a half. We still see opportunities. Believe it or not, we are still seeing large, significant opportunities. But the low hanging fruit, you could argue is probably being picked in the market. What we are seeing is two things. We are seeing additional opportunities that tend to be not that large from our key accounts, much more the mid-market that we are going after at this point in time. And then what we are seeing is repeat business either, because these were largest installed bases that are being consumed over time and customers are turning dozens or hundreds of devices at a time, so they repeat that purchase cycle. But what we also see when they repeat that purchase cycle, we see them consuming our good better best licensing modules or our software modules. Meaning that we are having a deeper penetration and we are swapping out our traditional ACE load balancer for really an ADC platform and/or service consolidation platform. So that bodes very well for us. And I think that has continued business for quarters, if not a year plus to come here for us.
Manny Rivelo: We don’t provide sales mix. We will just give you an example, I just provided a moment ago. So I will give you a different unit. So if you look at a 10-gig virtual, right, a 10-gig virtual is $30,000, a BIG-IP 4000 is $30,000. A BIG-IP 4200 is $42,000. So it’s almost comparable, right on a per unit for the same throughput performance. The delta really being the acceleration you get of – the acceleration you get when you have hardware, you can leverage the FPGAs. So what we see when we do virtual as we see large volume on the software side. So usually there, you are discounting your prices a little more aggressive, but you are picking it up in the volume. So per unit is identical. If a customer was buying a single unit, there will be no doubt in that pricing.
Manny Rivelo: Yes. What we – well, our focus has always been on application delivery and it continues to be on that. What we are predominantly seeing is that application delivery in the early days, which started out around availability, has more to care about at the same token security, acceleration and things of that nature. So it’s not that we are positioning a standalone security appliance, what we are positioning is really an application delivery device where security is a key component of that. And that’s the traditional shift. Classically, a typical enterprise and their service provider will be looking at purchasing two or three components or boxes to provide that service, we have been consolidating that into a single fabric. So that’s how we position into the markets that we are really capturing the consolidation play as part of the security solution.
Manny Rivelo: Actually in badger, we are actually adding core to big IT new scalability for diameter signaling. And then we also have some new opportunities on the – on our traffic products with regards to like we call SRF. So basically, it’s managing some subscribers. We call some subscriber line management, some other things we are getting with Tier 1 carriers.
Manny Rivelo: Alright. So, you will see the telcos and I will close on this is the NFV movement is really a management of the total cost of ownership for service providers. And that’s been predominantly because the cost – how they were monetizing their networks historically has been a throughput or bandwidth type of connection. The internet traffic and the consumer is consuming both services costs and they could provide it. So, as a result of that, they have to go attack the network cost, scaling the network cost through software sometimes is easier for them to do and are lot more predictable. So, we are seeing that rapid movement by most of the telcos out there. But don’t confuse the fact that they are also going to have hardware. They have 100-gig interfaces and above and those interfaces have to be provisioned through hardware sets of technology. So, it’s a mix that you are going to see, it’s a shift of hardware to hardware/software.
Karl Triebes: Yes. Just to parse out a little bit on the market growth here. About half of that growth, we see coming from security, from the additional security products, specifically some of the DDoS and other capabilities we are adding to the product, as well as the portion coming from cloud. So cloud infrastructure basically updating the VEs to run across different cloud environments we are adding badger. It’s actually part of the list and there is a lot of things we are doing with auto-scaling and other capabilities on that side, a bunch of things in service provider. So being able to support the mobile core better, adding capabilities there are a number of functions and also enhancing the firewall, the S/Gi firewall components or the firewall components.
Karl Triebes: Yes, just add to that, Badger is our largest release to-date, 194 major features are being released with Badger. And yes, we are doing a lot of work in security. Obviously, that’s a big area for us. So, we are adding capabilities across the board in security. SSL is a big area that we focused a lot of attention especially in the areas of performance and adding new cyber suites and being able to address applications, but also we have had a lot just into the core of the product being able to address protocols like HTTP 2.0. And that’s big because customers are shifting to 2.0, because one, it’s less costly for them to support it with their applications, and two, the performance is much better. And so we are supporting that. Service provider, there is a number of areas that we are enhancing support service provider functionality, including things with our firewall on our 10 modules and see just across the board we are doing things to help enable core service provider, including NFV-based applications. And then also supporting cloud partners in being able to make – we made major enhancements to support VMware, Microsoft, Cisco and others to make ourselves much more natively deployable into their environments. And then there is other things that we have done within our hardware platforms. We talk about our software-defined hardware. While we have two new major functions that we are releasing to help support significant increases in DNS performance, for example and also significant increases in security performance being able to offer with a lot more functionality into the hardware itself. So, there is a lot of major functions across the board to address some of these – the things that Manny articulated early on in what he was talking.
Karl Triebes: Yes, I was going to add – just add to the NFV comments, what we are seeing from the operators, customers they are looking for operational leverage. So, what they want to do is imply whatever software, whatever hardware they can that reduces their operational cost. Their problem is their budgets are scaling linear to the traffic that’s growing exponentially. And so they need a way to manage that. And the way they are doing that is through automation and they want to be able to automate not only aspects of the applications, but their entire environment. We play a key role in being able to bridge the applications to the environment and support that overall automation requirement. And so that’s what they are looking at us for the private part of NFV in addition of being able to support whatever footprint they need software versus hardware.
