François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In conclusion, F5 predicted the hybrid multi-cloud ball of fire crisis our customers now face. For the last several years, we have been innovating and evolving to create the industry's first distributed application security and delivery platform. Today, we are the only provider capable of securing, delivering and optimizing any application, any API regardless of its location, be it in a data center, any one of the public clouds, at SaaS or at the network edge. Today's hybrid and multi-cloud reality brings with it untenable operational complexity, considerable cost and escalating security risks. Broad-based enterprise adoption of AI will only compound these challenges. F5's 3 points of differentiation, best-of-breed app security, our ability to simplify connecting disparate infrastructures and our ability to streamline operations through standardization and automation set F5 apart from the alternatives. When combined with the role we play in the line of application traffic, these differentiators position us to extinguish the ball of fire for our customers, empowering them to run at the speed their businesses demand. Operator, please open the call to questions. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So maybe let me start with your second question, and then I'll come back to the competitive landscape. But Tim, on AI, the use case that I referred to when I talked about high-capacity load balancing for data ingestion, I think we're going to see that use case primarily in enterprises, but specifically enterprises that are running their own large language model at scale and who have a need to ingest significant amount of data, whether that data comes from their own on-premise environments or from the cloud. But the need to ingest this data and send the data to various environments is creating the need for high-capacity load balancing. And we're starting to see more of the digital innovators, so those large enterprises that have invested heavily in digital transformation and are maybe ahead of others, that are starting to deploy large language models in production have this kind of need. This is not inside of a hyperscaler's infrastructure, if that's what you're asking. That is an enterprise need for a specific type of enterprise. And that is, as you know, very early days. We are also on AI beyond high-capacity load balancing. We are also seeing a couple of other types of use cases. Specifically, the fact that AI workloads are going to be distributed and have a heavy reliance on APIs means that API security is emerging as a really important capability to support AI workloads, and we're starting to see a couple of use cases in that area. And then the third is the ability to network applications together across multiple clouds is really key in AI because customers have their data in different environments. They want to learn -- they want to run models in certain environment and access data in other environments, and that requires connecting and networking applications or workloads together. And we've got a capability to do that with Distributed Cloud. So this is what we're seeing emerging as use cases in AI. It's early days, but we're pretty encouraged by what we've seen over the last 3 to 6 months. To your first question about the competitive landscape, I did, in fact, refer to a couple of our competitors that have changed their models. I think the first one, more in the traditional ADC space, we continue to see very good traction in that area. I would say the momentum relative to last year has accelerated. And so things in that area is going to plan. And we have several [ win ] examples, essentially consolidating on to F5 multiple capabilities, including capabilities that could have come from a competitor or replacing a competitor altogether in some of the largest enterprises, both in North America and around the world. And then in the area of SaaS, we continue to make good traction with XC, including displacing some competitors. And really the approach that we've taken with -- when I say XC, I mean, F5 Distributed Cloud Services. The approach we have taken with F5 Distributed Cloud is really recognizing that in the areas of application security, customers really ideally want all of the capabilities in one platform. And so we have built API security, DDoS protection, web application firewall, bot defense, all of that into a single platform. And that's quite appealing to customers and allowing us to come in and take out some competitors that perhaps have not invested to the degree we have. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. I think what we're seeing is it's going to be, by nature, AI implementations are going to be multi-cloud. And the reason for that is customers want to do training in certain environments. They want to do inference in other environments. For a number of verticals, they want to do inference at the edge. And also, their data is in a lot of different locations. In addition, these AI models need to access other services, including other models, so by definition, what we're starting to see is customers' AI implementation are hybrid and multi-cloud. And that's why we have talked about what we call the ball of fire, which is really the fact that customers increasingly -- we have -- close to 90% of our customers are now in hybrid and multi-cloud environment. And we think close to 40% of our customers are using 6 or more cloud environments. And we think that, that will accelerate as they start implementing and deploying AI, and that creates a ton of complexity for them, complexity to secure applications, complexity to network these applications together, complexity to deal with disparate tools and different vendors for application services. And we have really consolidated all of that into a single platform that automates networking application and securing applications together across cloud environment. We think that's the value proposition that's going to play well in AI. Now we also think that enterprises really deploying AI at scale, we're still, I think, 1 to 2 years away from seeing that. The early use cases that we've seen are from large enterprises that are ahead of everybody else and are really starting to deploy, but I think it won't grow mainstream until several quarters from now. 
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, thank you. So on the potential reacceleration, if confirmed of applications, we think it has potentially 2 implications. The first one is more customers deploying more applications in hybrid and multi-cloud environments. And I've just talked about the implications of that, which for us, we think, are net positive because it creates more requirements for security and networking across clouds. And then the second potential implication is more automation. We're seeing, as customers reaccelerate the number of workloads that they're dealing with, the need to automate application changes, provisioning of new application services, et cetera, grows, and that requires software that enables that automation. And we, of course, have solutions that play into that. That said, we don't compete directly with HashiCorp, and so we're more complementary to what they do. So we don't think there is really either negative or positive impact to the acquisition. We think for F5, that's going to be largely net neutral, but we will, of course, continue working with HashiCorp in a number of customers and markets. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, there is not really an impact into how we would change our approach to distribution of what we would do into the channel. We would -- the dynamics in terms of how we meet in the market and work with Hashi will, I think, continue unchanged for the most part. So -- only as far as we're concerned. I don't know what decisions IBM may make around what they want to change in the go-to-market for Hashi. But as far as we're concerned, I think customers see us as complementary, often want us to work together, and we'll continue to do that in the market. 
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. So on budget, I should say first of all, the macro environment, Meta, has remained stable. So we haven't seen a fundamental change from last year in terms of customers' sort of appetite to spend. What has changed, I think we shared it last quarter, is the sort of unpredictability that we were seeing a year ago around deal delays and cancellations and last-minute pushouts. That has largely abated. But overall, customers remain cautious. This was also, for a number of customers, the first quarter of the calendar year. So they've just gotten their budgets. I think we saw probably a little more caution on CapEx, specifically on hardware, given the current macro environment. We don't necessarily think it's related to FX. And as far as we can see, there's not really an effect of customers prioritizing AI in general for the vast majority of enterprises because they're not there yet in terms of putting big budgets on AI today. In the service provider space, I think we continue to see customers sweating assets, with 1 or 2 exceptions, but for the most part, trying to sweat assets as long as possible. And then to your second question, which was -- need to be reminded. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So we are -- I think it's a combination because a lot of the -- what we're seeing more opportunities with existing customers that are both ADC and other portions of the portfolio, especially in this multiyear subscription agreements that continue to do very well and our vehicle that customers love because it gives them the flexibility. But I would say we are seeing more deals on other side of the portfolio, specifically in security, increasing in application security. We're seeing API security, in particular, emerge as a strong use case. More and more customers are recognizing that they don't have a real handle on where their APIs are, how many are in production, how many are visible, how many are not and how do they discover these APIs and how do they protect them. So we're seeing more traction in API security, in particular, and then increasingly, customers trying to network these clouds together, network their application across cloud and trying to find automation to do that. And that's opportunities with our Distributed Cloud Solutions. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, thank you. There are multiple dimensions to solving the ball of fire, and we don't think we really have competition that can address it as exhaustively as we are addressing it. So the first aspect is the completeness of the application services that are required to solve it, which very few, if any company really has, because it goes from all of the application delivery services like load balancing authentication, but also web application firewall, all of the security services, API security, DDoS, multi-cloud networking, all of these capabilities you have to have to solve the ball of fire. Part of the complexity for customers is that they have had in the past to rely on multiple different vendors to be able to solve the ball of fire. So that's one aspect is the ability to bring it all together. The second aspect is really the ability to make multi-cloud ridiculously easy, which to be able to do that, if you're a pure-play SaaS vendor, you're not able to do that because you only offer your services in your point of presence. F5 is unique in the sense that we can offer all these services not just in the cloud, but in any public cloud or any on-premise location, and we can locate these services anywhere where a workload is. So we're taking advantage of our heritage as an on-prem vendor and our new capabilities in the cloud to offer these services ubiquitously to customers. And really, there is no other vendor in our space that brings all of that together. So in that way, we're pretty unique. And so when you take examples of that, you're asking what does it look like, this quarter, for example, we had a large bank in the U.S. that was connecting applications to multiple clouds, to Azure, on-premise and in Oracle. And we were essentially the only ones that can automate these connections for them and help them make multi-cloud ridiculously easy in their application, and we won the customer. We have similar bank customers in Europe who had the front end of their application in Azure, the back end of their application on-prem. We brought the connectivity to these components of these applications together and automated all of it for them to be able to deploy, and we won the customer. So we have these capabilities that are unique to the combination of on-prem and cloud brought together. And in that sense, we don't really think we have competition. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So the reaction at AppWorld on Distributed Cloud has been very positive. And most -- let me just give you some numbers there, Ray. So of the -- we shared in October that we had over 500 customers on Distributed Cloud. The number has grown since then, and we will share that number. And we said we would share it annually, so we'll share it again in October. But over 2/3 of the customers on Distributed Cloud are existing F5 customers that were typically BIG-IP customers that choose Distributed Cloud as a complement to a hardware or software on-prem implementation, and in part because of our ability to, in the future, bring both the hardware, software on-prem and the SaaS services to a single pane of glass. And the other 1/3 of customers are net new customers to F5. And what we're seeing is a number of customers have gone into hybrid and multi-cloud environments either by accident or by acquisition and have not really had the opportunity to do this right, and we're working with customers to -- there are now solutions like Distributed Cloud that help you do multi-cloud right. And multi-cloud right means having a consistent set of security policies across the board to be able to automate the provisioning of application services across the board, being able to automate the network of these applications together. And customers are pretty excited about the ability to do that because it takes away very significant headache from them, headache around their operations, headache around the manual toil that a lot of their resources are spending, headache around the risk that they have of not running consistent application security policies across clouds. So very positive reception overall and growing awareness amongst our customer base of the capabilities of Distributed Cloud have us pretty excited for the future. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, thank you. Let me start with the question on AI and the type of attacks. So we are already using AI today to block significant attacks, including automated attacks on a number of applications. This quarter alone, we blocked several billion API attacks in our Distributed Cloud capability. And a lot of that uses AI and automation, machine learning, specifically, in AI to block these attacks. We think that attackers will continue to get more sophisticated. They are already using generative AI for all kinds of attack vectors. And we're investing to, of course, stay ahead of criminals. In our bot solution, we probably have the most sophisticated fraud solution in the market, leveraging AI to block against all kinds of automated attacks. And we're now also investing in generative AI to actually make it easier for our customers to interact with our solutions and respond faster to changes in attack vectors. This is a rapidly developing field, but we'll continue to invest in our security solutions on that. The second part, on the competition. And you asked when we're displacing competitors in ADC, is it more hardware or software oriented? It actually is both. I wouldn't have a percentage for you, but it is -- we're displacing customers that have taken a hardware implementation of a competitor and replacing the entire estate with our hardware. As you know, we invested over 4 years ago in a new generation of our hardware that brings a lot of the benefits of the cloud to on-prem implementation. Others have not necessarily made these investments. And so we bring benefits to our customers in terms of multi-tenancy, automation, et cetera, that others don't have. So that is a very clear difference in hardware. And then in software, similarly, we have invested to have a software footprint that is easy to consume in public clouds, and that's creating a good difference relative to competitors. And some of these deals are both hardware and software in some of these agreements for customers that are in hybrid multi-cloud environment. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. Samik, why don't I start with that? So this is one of those areas that will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, with last quarter, we had several large perpetual deals that gave us in-quarter revenue and lifted that software number up. We were not surprised this is the way it's playing out internally in our model, to dip back down in Q2, and would expect other results, obviously, with the software guidance that we've given for the back half of the year. That subscription revenue at 88% of total software revenue was an all-time high for us. It's going to fluctuate, but I would expect that it's going to be higher as a percentage than obviously what we saw in Q1. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. Michael, why don't I take that? Look, on the sort of components of the subscription business in terms of SaaS and ARR, that one, ARR versus the term base, we talk about that annually, but it's not something we talk about quarterly. But the components of those businesses, we're really excited about what we're seeing for Distributed Cloud adoption, particularly the value proposition around WAAP and specifically API security that Francois just mentioned as well as our multi-cloud networking. So those are great. We do see AI having a big boost in application demand over the coming years, but it's not something that we expect a ton of revenue in FY '24 from. We are still seeing the high end of the bot market being a bit challenged, but those are the underlying aspects of what we're seeing in the SaaS business as well as strong renewals that we're continuing to experience in our multiyear flexible consumption programs. And so those are the dynamics, but we don't split the components out except for at the end of the year. In terms of the services side, you're right. The last time we raised prices was in July of '22. It's one of those things that we continue to evaluate on what's the best strategic use of price increases for our customers. And I don't have anything new to report there, but more to come in the coming quarters. It's probably been 6 quarters, and so you're seeing the lapping effect of that services revenue starting to come down. That was due to price increasing last year largely as well as some of the sweating of the assets. And so 7% is what we saw in Q1, 5% in Q2, and we do expect that to trail down in Q3 and Q4 as we lap even more of those annual increases from last year. 
Francis Pelzer: Sure. So look, we had a strong software growth number in Q2. It was in our expectation range. And largely, software to date in the first half has been ahead of our software expectation. But having said that, we did not change our outlook from flat to modest growth, but I think we'd be disappointed if we weren't at the higher end of that or better by the end of the year given the strong first half performance that we saw. Obviously, we're hitting a second half where the comparable numbers are a little more difficult. Having said that, we're really excited, particularly in Q4, about the subscription base of renewals that we're seeing on our flexible consumption programs and so have strong visibility into that. 
Francis Pelzer: Sure. Absolutely, Jim. So I appreciate the question. And when we take a look at the results of this quarter in relation to our expectations, where we saw a softer performance was in the system side, not the software side of the business. And when we take a look at the back half of the year, that's really where we saw the strength of the pipeline in that area as well as for the renewals that we have in the outlook. And those renewals specifically are coming in -- in both quarters, they are stronger than what we have seen in Q2, but they just ramp up because of the nature of when the deals were done 3 years ago in Q4. And if you take a look back 3 years ago between Q3 and Q4, I think you'll see a similar dynamic in the software growth that we expect. And so that is really that $40 million swing that you're referring to between those 2 quarters. So that's really the visibility. It's the strength that we've seen in the renewals. It's the true forwards sense and the second or the interims of what's available to renew in Q4. 
Francis Pelzer: The duration side really has not changed. These are not universally, but almost always 3-year deals. 
Francis Pelzer: Ray, it's a great question. So the biggest dynamic of the cash flow changes between the quarters right now continue to be maintenance that just outweighs some of the subscription revenues that we've seen. And so the dynamics that you're implying absolutely are happening just on the smaller base of the overall cash flow that is coming out of that deferred revenue bucket, which is still largely maintenance related. And so I think, obviously, we had a very large accounts receivable balance going into Q2 you saw us collect and we're to a normalized level. So I think from where we had our cash flow from ops in Q2, likely, we're going to come down in Q3 and then my expectation would be back up in Q4. But that's the dynamics of the SaaS business is, as you're describing, it's not just a major portion, though, of what's driving the change in deferred right now and some of our cash flow from ops. 
