Frank Pelzer: Yes. I think - North America I think we had a solid quarter, specifically internationally, and I'll go to Europe where for the last three quarters we've got growth - we've got year-on-year growth rate now in the 7% to 8% range. And this quarter, Europe was flat year-on-year. That was concentrated specifically in the U.K. where I think we saw this uncertainty around Brexit push up some deals. And I think we also had some softness in Germany, specifically sort of Germany, Austria region. And so as a result, we had less than perhaps we would've hoped in Europe. Overall, if you recall, Paul, about 18 months ago, we felt we were having some execution challenges in Europe. We made a lot of progress on those - we made some changes both in leadership and in the way that we have put our formation in Europe. We feel we've made a lot of progress there with these challenges, but these progress are still in the - with a backdrop of continued macro uncertainty in Europe. And so I think that's what we're dealing with. But generally, we're happy with the way we're - our team is organized and performing over there. I think this quarter was specific to the U.K. and a little bit in Germany. And then in Asia-Pacific, we also had less cost than we've had in the last couple of quarters, but we think that's a little bit of lumpiness there. Generally, the trajectory for our business in Asia-Pacific is north, and we continue to expect good growth in that region. There isn't anything macro that we worry about there at the moment.
Frank Pelzer: Hi Sami. It's Frank. Let me start with that one. It's actually right in line with our expectations, what we said was sort of 85% to 85.5%. So we were at the lower end of that range. But it was exactly as we expected to come on board. Over a long period of time, as we scaled the software business the actual inherent margin in there in the growth side is higher than the hardware business. And so as we talked about at AIM in 2018, as we get even further into closer to Horizon 2, you should see some of the impacts of that investment start to make its way as additional component of our product revenue comes from software and is a better driver for an expansion in that gross margin side. But I'd just go back to say but this is exactly what we expected it and how we talked about it in guidance last quarter.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Simon. So as we discussed on March 11 when we talked about the canceling of our automatic share repurchase program, our view point really hasn't changed and so we do view our cash balance as a very strategic asset for us, and we're going to use that opportunistically. It may be for additional share repurchases we're not just going to automatically do, but be opportunistic about. It may be for additional acquisitions or it may be for other activities. So for the time, we have talked about we're suspending the automatic share repurchase but we're going to be opportunistic with additional share repurchases in the future.
Frank Pelzer: Hi, Rod. I think you'll see the R&D line pick up a little more over the next few quarters both because of the NGINX acquisition and additional investment that we want to make to catalyze or capitalize on the opportunities in front of us, specifically in the case of NGINX, beyond the organic investment there. We want to port security capabilities into the NGINX platform fairly quickly. We want to accelerate what they've been doing in the API management space. It's a big market. There is a big opportunity there. They didn't have the resources to fully capitalize on the opportunity for us. We're going to accelerate that. Same on the application server space. So all of these things should pick up. And then in security, we also are going to continue to make more investments. We've had very strong traction in security in the first half of 2019, both for our own on-prem offerings and increasingly our managed services security offerings in civil line and our cloud services in security and software services. And as you know, the market and security is, of course, moving more to software-managed services and cloud. And so we've got some exciting offerings and we're going to press ahead with those opportunities. That being said, all of that - all of those investments have just gone through. They were considered when we gave a revised Horizon 1 guidance of operating profit between 33% and 35% for Horizon 1. So all of that's accounted into what we should expect.
Frank Pelzer: Well, it was, Rod. It was pretty concentrated and we've had good projects this quarter around a couple of carriers where we have the specific softness. My comments overall are related to the opportunity that we see in service provider. And I think the levels where we're at today are not the levels where we would like to be 18 months down the road when we - the 5G opportunity is truly - would truly mainstream.
Francois Locoh-Donou: On Brexit, Paul, you're right. But the - I guess there has been some uncertainty around it. But folks have known that the outcome would be - that the U.K. would exit the European Union. In the last few months, the uncertainty around how that would happen and when, you probably followed all the episodes of this, has increased. And a number of companies have been trying to make contingency plans for what will happen in the very short term. So in the last month of the quarter, in the U.K. in particular, we saw folks push out decisions because they wanted to wait until they had clarity on what the real outcome would be. Specifically on the Fed, we did - we had a reasonable quarter in the Fed. We - it could have been better if the government shutdown had not taken place. The impact for us is we didn't lose any business but there was some business that wasn't processed in the quarter. Even though the shutdown ended I think early February, there was some business that we had won that wasn't really processed in the quarter. So there is a few deals that could have come in the quarter that did not come. But overall, we thought we had a reasonable quarter in the Fed.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Alex, I would not conclude that for now. I think we're still cautious about the near-term opportunity with service providers. We felt better about a couple of the North America service providers this quarter than we were in Q1. But overall, if I look at the - our use cases and spend globally with service providers, I still think we are in the middle of this 4G to 5G transition. And that there are good opportunities ahead of us sort of several quarters out, once we see the rollout to 5G radios and the capacity upgrades that will happen for us. In the meantime, though, we are getting a lot of traction with service providers in two areas specifically. NSD, where we're seeing them use more and more our virtual solutions. So they did contribute to our growth in software as well and also in security, on a number of use cases, including firewalls but also things like CGNAT and other use cases. So these two areas in service providers are doing well. And hopefully the 5G will come, but as we said that's a few quarters out.
Francois Locoh-Donou: We think so because of the sort of size and scale of these deployments. The fact that we're very well positioned to help teams like network slicing that are critical in 5G and then the way they'll have to handle the traffic, what's going to happen at the edge, around processing more and more traffic and applications at the edge. There are a lot of catalyst that give us a belief that this could be a meaningful, and perhaps more meaningful than 4G, impact on F5.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. It's not a - I wouldn't characterize it as a pause in spending. The phenomenon there is as customers adopt the stance that is more software first or cloud first, they do scrutinize their spend on hardware more. And as a result, the approval cycles for hardware are getting elongated. And I think that's what we're seeing really as the dynamics in large enterprise organizations. But those that have made a decision to go software first or to go cloud first, from the time we have a project that a team has approved and want to go forward to the time that, that transaction can be processed, there is lot more scrutiny on it. That's what I was referring to.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes, so Samik, I think your - so there was an announcement in the quarter about F5 Cloud Services, which is, I think, a pretty important milestone because it's the first Software-as-a-Service offering of F5 and talking later about what I see as catalyst for F5 Cloud Services. But I think your question is specifically between NGINX and cloud native application services platform that F5 has been developing. So on that, it's actually fairly straightforward. The NGINX brings to the table element of the portfolio that are not in the virtual ADC space. So they are completely complementary to what we have been doing. And it's really their API Gateway technology, what they've been doing in web server and app server space and those are completely new, adjacent TAMs for F5. In the virtual ADC space specifically, NGINX has a controller that is in the market and our cloud native app services platform was really based on a controller that we have built organically, but hadn't been launched in the market yet. And so we've been in the initial stages of integration planning and where we're headed with that is there is significant complementarity between the two in the sense that the NGINX controller appeals to a - I would say, a fairly sophisticated dev ops audience whereas our controller was more targeted, it was a mainstream enterprise buyer that really wanted an easy way to control their data plans. And so what we're doing is we're going to start with the NGINX controller because it is in the market, it is in use with customers, and we of course want to maintain and accelerate that momentum. But we are going to rapidly port the capabilities of our controller to the NGINX controller, so that the combined offering can target a larger addressable market from the very sophisticated dev ops users all the way to the less sophisticated that want an easy capability with all the analytics that come with it. So we're pretty excited about that potential acceleration of the combined offering.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think the short answer to that, Sami, is we don't think so. So just to be clear, NGINX does not a direct - so if one wants to go from their current mode of deployment, of using ADC as part of their infrastructure to support multiple applications, but they want to go from a hardware ADC to a virtual ADC, we already cover that today with our Virtual Editions. And we do that very well which is why, in part, our software has been growing at the rate it has, it's because of what we're doing on Virtual Editions, the introduction of our Cloud Edition and the IQ platform that provides better centralized management and automation and orchestration, and the flexible consumption that we give people around our enterprise license agreement that allow them to have license portability. All of these things address the use case of how do you go to virtualized ADC deployment and we're doing very well there. The NGINX capability is really more of an augmentation of that than a cannibalization of that, and if you look at the use case of their addressing it's really dev ops folks who want to build their load balancing or ADC capabilities much closer to the application logic as part of new dev ops environment. And that isn't a cannibalization of the things we do today, it's rather a new growth area for new applications that are being built and deployed either on-prem or in public cloud.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hey, Simon. So I'll start with the last part of your question. What was weaker than I expected in the quarter was Europe. I thought we could have done better and I think as I said the dynamic in the last month of the quarter was weaker than we would've thought. And there was a little bit we could've done more in the Fed. But again, I think we had kind of anticipated that because of the shutdown. As it relates to service providers, I wasn't necessarily pleasantly surprised. I think what we were trying to point to is, in our first quarter, service providers were particularly weak. And I felt the interpretation of that was perhaps too strong because the service provider segment is naturally lumpy. And so I think we wanted to point out that we came back to numbers in the service provider space that are more in line with historical mix for F5. But that being said, I am still cautious about the service provider segment for the next few quarters because of the transition dynamics we've talked to.
Francois Locoh-Donou: My expectation is, I think we continue to make very good progress on our own internal execution with the changes we've made. So we've have grown very confident and Chad Whalen, our Global Head of Sales, has been very confident about the leadership team and the formation of the resources that we have in place there. I have a little bit of cautions specifically around U.K. and Germany, based upon what we've seen. But overall, I think with the changes we've made and the hiring we've had in Europe, our expectation would be that we continue to grow in Europe.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think it stabilizes. We're not giving specific guidance for next year, but essentially I think it stabilizes to get into that 33%, 35% range for Horizon 1.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Vinod. So the approach that we have around the NGINX opportunities, we are going to integrate their sales force, which has been, I would say, for the most part, an inside sales motion. We're going to integrate that organization into Chad Whalen's global sales organization. And we're going to complement that inside sales motion with the enterprise high-touch sales motion that F5 has had in place and excels at. And I think with the combination of these two capabilities, we're going to be able to touch both the low-end deals as well as more and more the high-end, high-touch deals, because one of the things that we think is going to accelerate as we monetize NGINX at scale is that with the acceleration of their controller capabilities with the new resources that we are putting in, NGINX is going to have access to deals of, I think, increasing size as well as larger deals in the enterprise space. And so we really think we're going to need both motions. Both motions are going to under a single organizational umbrella under Chad Whalen and we've already started to think about the governance and collaboration between these organizations to make that very smooth.
