François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Erik. The short answer is, no. We haven't seen a fundamental change, Erik. The percentage of our revenue, of our bookings that comes from service providers is basically in the same range it has been for the last few quarters. We are seeing momentum in 5G activity. But in terms of when that will turn into kind of meaningful contribution to our order book. We think that's more of a second-half of 2021, but we are seeing continued traction in security use cases with service providers and specifically our position as a consolidator of multiple functions, which is kind of a unique position that, I don't think you necessarily would see with other equipment providers in the telco. We have a unique position in consolidating a number of functions like CGNAT and DDoS and DNS, TCP optimization and increasingly our service providers virtualize their infrastructure. Our ability to consolidate all these functions in a software bundle is very appealing to them. And so that's a use case that is growing, but overall the business, the trends in the business has been the same over the last few quarters, so no specific change.
François Locoh-Donou: I think, Erik, the -- we've always said that we have a number of geographies that have -- that continue to grow in their consumption in hardware, form factors. And also a number of verticals where hardware form factors play an important role, including service providers, government, even financial services. But I think the difference today is our security has become a more important mix of our hardware business than it was, say, a couple of years ago and our hardware security business is not declining. And so when you factor that in, that leads to a decline in hardware systems that's abating and that's largely because of the mix of security that's in our hardware business today.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Jim. So generally, we feel very good about our application security portfolio. We think we are one of the very, very few players who provide who can protect an application, but also protect how an application is used with a combination of F5 security capabilities and now Shape's portfolio. So we feel very good about our competitiveness and differentiation in this space. And, in fact, our security business had been growing healthily, but that has accelerated as well with COVID, because the amount of online fraud and tax on digital channels, not just for retailers, but all kinds of the companies has continued to increase and, in fact, has increased dramatically in the last few months and that's providing significant tailwinds for us. So that's the -- that's what we're at on app security in general. And Jim, we will probably say more about that at the Analyst and Investor Meeting.
François Locoh-Donou: I think in Asia-Pacific, Jim, we're still - we still have some geographies that are challenged with COVID-19. As you've seen, there has been some second wave and some lockdown. So there are some specific geographies where we have been challenged. The comment about some software projects that were put on hold, we - I think, that was throughout our Q4. That was still the case, but we're starting to see that abate and we feel very good about the pipeline we now have for the first-half of 2021. And in fact, we are, as you saw from the prepared remarks, we think our software business in Q1 of 2021 will grow faster than 50% year-on-year. And for the full-year, we think it will be greater than 35% year-on-year growth. So we feel that our software business really has -- we think we have turned an inflection point here where our software business is on a broader based of subscriptions and it's giving us some -- an opportunity for a number of true-forward opportunities on renewal. We've got a much broader base of subscription than we did a year ago. And as you see, the software business now more than 40% of our product revenue. So we generally feel that, while inflection point here where our software is going to continue to have very strong growth going into 2021.
François Locoh-Donou: Look, Rod, I think, so we're not -- we're not giving a full year top line guidance here. We will give a view of our Horizon 2 guidance in three weeks at AIM. So I think you'll get a little more color there. I would just say that generally based upon what we've seen in Q4 and our Q1 guidance. I think we feel good about what we could achieve and 2021.
François Locoh-Donou: You know, Sami, the answer is no. And actually that is precisely why I see that we have reached an inflection point in our software so if you look at our software results a year ago, we had pretty strong growth. If you remember, in Q4, we had 91% growth, but that was in part driven by a couple of large transformational kind of deals. The results we have this quarter are really not. So it's a broad base of adoption of our software and our software subscription. You probably saw that in our results. Now, more than three-quarters of our software revenues or 76% of our software revenues this quarter came from subscriptions. And so we've got a broad based on adoption of our software subscription consumption models across all of our verticals, not a specific customer, not a specific vertical and that's part of why we have confidence in growth in our software, because more now a larger number of customers have reached that point where they're thinking, our software and it's giving us a broader base of renewal opportunities going into 2021. We're starting to see the flywheel that you would see in a subscription business, where for a number of our multi-year subscription, we have a true-forward opportunity at the end of a one year subscription across a number of customers and that's going to start contributing to the growth in our software, so that's what I would say about lumpiness. I would say though that we are also seeing a good pipeline of, I would say these larger projects going into the first half of 2021, some of the projects that have been delayed, we think we'll see some of them in the first half of the year.
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, I think so, the large kind of digital transformation projects, first of all, I would echo what you've said, we have seen a delay in some of these transformational projects, but we are also seeing people have tended to the immediate priorities and they are now coming back to these projects and starting to reignite them. So I think -- that's why I think in the first half of 2021, we should start to see some of these projects actually come to be -- to be realized. And that's what I've said there, applies to generally kind of digital transformation, movement to cloud, software first environments, big automation projects. Those types of projects. When you speak specifically to Kubernetes environment, I think what we're seeing, there is a lot of kind of excitement around taking this Kubernetes environment in production at scale. I think we're still in the very early innings of that. We've got a very good window into that with Nginx, as you know in Nginx is the number 1 egress controller into Kubernetes environment and deployment. And so we are seeing demand there and we're seeing an acceleration. But we still think we're in the very early innings of those types of containerized deployments.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, no, but the -- I think we've given information about the contributions of Shape in our Q3 and Q4. So you could do some of that information to kind of try and parse out, what's organic and inorganic. Remember that Shape was not part of F5 in Q1 of 2020, but pretty much from Q2 onwards, they were part of F5 last year. So the 35% is the overall growth rate. We -- and that's kind of the minimum we think we'll do. We think it's likely, we would do better than that. Overall, given the drivers that I've spoken to on Nginx, the acceleration I just mentioned that we're seeing there in this Kubernetes environment, what we're seeing in the cloud, Alex, I don't know if you pick that up in our script, but we have a -- about $100 million, our cloud business has now exceeded $100 million. We've got the partnership with AWS which continues to go very well. We announced last week a product integration with AWS -- in AWS CloudFront, which we think will be a catalyst and I talked about the broad base of subscriptions, that will drive organic growth next year. So overall, I think the software business is in acceleration phase and we're happy with that.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey Tim, thank you. Let me start on Shape and Nginx. And Tim, we will see more about that at AIM in a few weeks, but a few highlights for you in terms of the synergies. What we are seeing is that the deal sizes on both Nginx, so our engineers has been part of F5 for 18 months and Shape has been part of our nine month. What we are seeing for both is a substantial increase in the average deal size of the result of the F5 go to market capabilities with Nginx and would Shape and also an acceleration of essentially new logo acquisition for both organizations. And so the combination of Nginx, go-to-market and F5 is yielding these results. And so the monetization of the platform is better with the Shape, we only have nine months of runway, but we're seeing exactly the same trends. Now in terms of product synergies, as you know when Nginx came as part of F5, they were really early into monetization of the platform, very powerful platform, but early monetization. We've now just released two new solutions, the Nginx controller and the up security called Nginx App Protect, which are early days, but getting traction and will substantially also increase the deal size with Nginx. So new products coming to accelerate monetization. And then on Shape, we have moved extremely quickly to build integrations between Shape and BIG-IP, and Shape and our silver line offering. So for example, we now offer the Shape bought defense technology as a managed security service on top of the WAF and DDoS bundle that already existed in our Civil managed security service and that has already accelerated civil line business in the last quarter. So we're very excited about what's become there and I will touch on that again in a few weeks. Now on to your question about BIG-IP, Tim, I think the -- you know what we are seeing there is I think the hardware, If you think about it, the hardware load balancing business, we think that's going to continue to decline. But increasingly our hardware business is driven by either standalone security hardware or bundles of security and ADC together and our stand-alone Security Hardware business is not declining, but it's a bigger mix of our total hardware business. And the result is you're seeing that that decline of hardware, which was in the 11%, 12% we think next year is going to be in the high single digits. So that's where -- and then to your point on cannibalization, I think we will continue to see more customers that are ADC customers adopt a software first approach both on-prem and in the cloud, and that's why we're -- we're continuing to forecast declines in overall hardware.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, I think what we're seeing and what you'll continue to see Samik, is that most large. So remember that F5 really is most exposed to kind of large enterprises and both large enterprises and service providers increasingly want to use a best-of-suite approach. So our approach to them is to offer a combination of application security technologies that allow their applications to stay online, so stay secure and allow us to protect the data and logic of these applications. And that overall suite for application security is not a component. It's not a single slice of application security. It's essentially the broadest application security portfolio that you can have. And so...
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Jeff, so let me frame where we're having success and security. Number 1 is in application security. So we're not -- our focus is not on the endpoint security or really network security per se, our focus is on protecting applications and we're seeing that increasingly the most sophisticated attacks go through application, the sources of more breaches and incidents come from vulnerabilities in applications, and that's our focus. And we have now put a portfolio together, that is not only a single solution for application security. It's a suite of solutions for application security. And there are very few players that really provide Web Application Firewall, DDoS, remote access as well as bought and fraud protection and protecting not just how an application is accessed, but how the application is used, and protecting against module and behavior of that. And if you look at where we are having success with our portfolio, it's in the large enterprises. So, financial services, as you can imagine a lot at stake in terms of securing these applications and the digital interactions with our customers. But the same technology, some of the large, the largest social media platforms in the world are protecting -- protected by F5 and Shape, and we're seeing the same, the same kind of success in government and service providers. So that's the verticals where we get success and the types of solutions where we got a lot of traction.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. I'm not going to give a specific growth rate number, we'll have more to say as François said at AIM. I think the trend towards lower single-digit growth rate is likely in FY 2021. And so this is just consistent with the hardware, software attach rates, but we have been seeing consistent pricing, we've been seeing an increase in attach rates for all cohorts of the age contracts and so we're really happy with the overall services business.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, absolutely. So yes, Shape accounted for the large majority of that. And I think Shape talk about 30% to 32%. We ended up on the low end of that range to make, and as always to get back above 31% for the fiscal 2021.
Frank Pelzer: And then, Jeff, on the buyback, it's the same as it's been, it's certainly one of the uses of our strategic cash that we see. The other two uses are potentially M&A as well as paying down our Term Loan A that we took out to acquire Shape. And so those are the three things that we're focused on. You saw in the last quarter that we did another $50 million of share repurchase and will continue to be opportunistic on that going forward.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in here. François, if I can just start with getting some color from you on the traction you're seeing for Shape. You talked about the opportunities that you're seeing. Can you just talk about whether you're seeing kind of this adoption happening just because there is more need for security solutions or are you replacing any existing solutions and how do we get comfort around not seeing like a wave of vendor consolidation and security, once we get post kind of COVID planning from the customers, and I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Samik Chatterjee: What I was trying to get to is, we've had a lot of momentum here for the security vendors overall. So once we get post COVID planning from the enterprises, do we see kind of more consolidation and the number of security vendors like most enterprises work with.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes. So, overall [ph] services. Yes, yes. So if I can just follow-up maybe for Frank quickly, because I know you're also up on the hour here. Just looking at the operating margins here, Frank, when the Shape acquisition was announced with prior to that, you were looking at about 33% to 35% operating margin. Now, you're guiding to about 31%, I think from next year, when I think about the delta there, is it primarily Shape or do you think there is kind of the environments that have had an impact on this? And thank you for taking my questions.
