Frank Pelzer: Sami, I don't have a lot more to add. I will say that at the end of the year effectively we just saw a continued increase in the backlog build more so than we could ship. At the end of Q4, a lot of service provider, customers probably fall into that realm, but having said that it's -- that was the 125 that we referenced and almost all of it is in systems.
Frank Pelzer: Hi, Meta. Thanks for the questions. Let me start on shape. Yes, a couple of quarters ago we did mention we were seeing the elongated times to close on these proof of concepts largely, because customers were not in the office and getting those bonds, were taking a little longer. We have seen that abate over the last few months. And so, we're seeing a pickup in traction and momentum there. And then specifically, I think in the e-commerce area. So we've got a number of customers whose applications are revenue generating and they're constantly under these either account takeover attacks or bot attacks that are causing disruption to their business. And so they want to move pretty quickly on getting things done. Either as an insurance, against future attacks or oftentimes when they're under attacks of course things go very, very quickly because their business is disrupted. So generally, we are happy with the quarter we just had with the Shape. And in general, Meta, I would say, the other thing we're seeing with customers is that the number of customers have been evaluating their security posture, as a result of some of the high profile breaches that have been well publicized and that has resulted overall in a very strong year for the fiscal year for us in security. But especially in the second half where customers have reinvigorated the motion of attaching security to BIG-IP and we've also seen the momentum with Shape and Security. So that's overall the picture we're seeing in security. As it relates to your second question on gross margins. Yes, our gross margins have been impacted by the challenges on the supply chain, whether it's some increase in prices on some components or some expedite fees to get our supply when we need it. So the supply chain generally has been quite a challenging environment. And generally, we have managed that pretty well with our team. But it continues to be a challenging environment. And so, we're going to continue to monitor the development there and we'll adjust over time as you need to.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Fish, thanks so much for the comments and the questions. I think we have not split out those two components, but I -- what we like to see which we have continued to see is what it means to have that subscription piece that makes the number that we have to get for the coming year much less as a percentage of the software revenue given those dynamics of the subscription base. The split between what I would say is the term subscription versus the SaaS subscription, we have not split out that, but stay tuned. We're continuing to monitor and we'll let when that gets substantial. And I'm sorry, but I miss your second question.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. NGINX continues to grow incredibly well within the base. Again, this quarter, we saw from our multi-year subscriptions, NGINX was in more than 50% of those, which is driving great use cases on both sides. And on a customer basis, we continue to see strong growth on the overall customer base within NGINX obtain, NGINX customers. So, really, really happy with the progress we've seen in NGINX.
Frank Pelzer: Yes, Absolutely, Tim. So on the on the true forward, but we weren't specific. I would say though that the data that we saw this quarter was actually better than what we saw in Q3. I have to preference that by, it's a small group of customers that have hit their second term and they're in their multi-year subscription agreements with us. But we saw a fairly healthy step up between that initial term and the second term. And so that's all very quite positive. And then, in terms of the true forward expansions within the terms for those customers, that's a growing customer base. Again, that was a bit higher than where we were last quarter. I can't say that that's going to absolutely continue, but we're very, very optimistic by the progress that we've seen in the data that we've gotten so far today.
Frank Pelzer: Well, first of all, we have -- I think I said before that we did three acquisitions in quick succession, it's pretty substantial acquisition between Shape, NGINX and Volterra. And so, when we acquired Volterra, we felt that we needed to really focus on the completing integrations of Shape and NGINX and Volterra in that period, and we're well on our way of doing that. And I think that's going to -- we continue to be focused on those organic integrations and extensions and now Threat Stack brings a very interesting new capability to F5 in giving us visibility into these cloud environments and being able to observe the environments in which cloud workloads are running, which complements very nicely the rest of our security portfolio, which as you can see is 100% focused on application security and essentially building the broadest portfolio and application security stack. So that's been the focus. In terms of potential future M&A, over time, we'll continue to evaluate building versus buying. You've heard me say before, we're very disciplined about that. We start always with our preferences to build, but if for a time to market reasons or there's an opportunity to do something that accelerates our vision, then we look at that. The focus of that will continue to be on fulfilling this vision for adaptive applications, which is essentially about the world of running applications for large enterprises, it's still very manual, fraught with complexity and fraught with fragility. And we have a an architectural vision that we think is going to bring way more automation to this world, way better uptime for applications, way stronger security and way better intelligence and insights about the performance of applications. And that's what we will focus on bringing that vision to our customers, bringing it to reality. And every single quarter organically or inorganically down the road we are making that vision more and more of a reality. And I think elevating F5 to more of a strategic a partner for our customer's digital transformation rather than a point solution player.
Frank Pelzer: And Fahad just is there -- Francois stating what we said before. We said our exit rate 50%, that would be the equivalent of the 45% of what we just did in Q4. And so, the trajectory is absolutely heading in that direction and stay tuned, it's Q1.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, the short answer Sami, is no. I think what we're seeing in the federal business just follows the regular seasonality that we've seen over the years and we don't expect the fundamental change to that pattern.
François Locoh-Donou: Hey, Rod, as you know, we don't guide on a quarterly basis, do a breakdown of hardware to software. But I mean the indicators that I would give you -- yes, I mean, you saw the annual guidance for revenue around 8% to 9%. For software we're guiding to 35% to 40 % for the full year. And hardware slight to -- slightly up on. On software in particular, I mean, Frank mentioned it, but I want to stress that, we guided to 35% to 40% last year for the full year. We finished the year at 37%. And but in inside the year there was strong variability especially in the first half. And what we -- we still expect to land between 35% to 40%. We do expect we will see less variability this year than we saw last year, in part because we have better visibility into a portion of our revenues that are coming from business that is already contracted. And also in part because of the scale of the business. So expect us to lay in, in the range for the full fiscal year. We've always said that quarter-to-quarter there could be some variability above or below that range, but we expect that variability will be less pronounced.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. And Rod, from our perspective, when we look at -- so our revenue grew 12% in 2021. And our demand was even stronger than that because we ended up with a backlog -- a large backlog at the end of the year. So when we look at that demand in 2021, some of it actually we think is, I wouldn't call it an anomaly, but we think some of it are transient factors that will go away. We think there was some element of a catch-up demand, because demand was quite depressed 12 months ago. And they also may have been a couple of specific factors earlier in the year when we announced our end of software development that some customers jumped on that to refresh quickly. So we think some of these are one-off factors, but we also think that there are macro factors that are not transient and that will proceed. And then that specifically, the traffic and usage of traditional application is growing and it's going to continue to grow, because these applications are generating more revenue, more customer loyalty and more large companies depend on these applications. And so, when you look at 2021, there's some element that's one off, there's elements that are not. When we look at that and project to the future, all of that tells us that the demand for BIG-IP as a franchise, so both hardware and software if you take that combination. We feel today that the demands for BIG-IP in the future even beyond 2022 will be better than what we would have said a year ago. Now, what will be the mix between BIG-IP hardware and software in the future is still tough to predict, because a lot of it depends on individual customer situations and when they're ready to migrate to software and when they're not. But if you take the combination of those two things, we certainly feel better about it today than we did 12 months ago and that's because of factors that are not an anomaly, those are factors that are kind of secular forces that will continue on.
François Locoh-Donou: So, Tim, on your second question, just to clarify, when you said the cloud vertical. So when we talked about our cloud revenue at Analyst Day, we're talking about F5 solutions being deployed in public cloud environment very specifically. So in that number, which at the time we said was greater than 100 million, we do not include a lot of the business we do with hyperscalers, SaaS providers, cloud providers where we are in their infrastructure and helping them deliver applications. So that - but our -- what that definition clarified, are 12 number continued to grow. As you know, it's 100% software of course. And it has grown faster than our overall software growth rate continued this year. And where we are seeing a lot of traction in the last 12 months is -- in what we call private offers on marketplaces. And so essentially that is consumed as a utility by large enterprises. And it is increasingly the case that large enterprises have spent commitments with the major public cloud providers, and we've done all the integrations both technical and commercial that allow these enterprises to retire their spend commitment on F5. And we've seen an acceleration of that trend. And it's yet another way that we are removing friction in the consumption of F5 software in public cloud and we're getting the benefit of that in terms of growth. The other big area of growth team in public cloud is NGINX. A number of the NGINX deployment continued to happen in public cloud and cloud native environments. And we are seeing in NGINX, I think as I've shared before when you step back and you look at the success of the BIG-IP franchise over the last 20 years, one of the things that we did well was that BIG-IP consolidated a lot of functionality initially load balancing, but then security, authentication, encryption on a single platform. And that made things operationally much simpler for our customers and that that created the BIG-IP franchise. And we're essentially seeing the emergence of the same playbook with NGINX, both on-prem and in public cloud environments for modern applications. And the type of application security and delivery that we do in modern app is not necessarily exactly the same. There are things like ingress controllers, people feel that they have to secure, authenticate their API, so we offer API gateways. They need to encrypt their traffic inside their service mesh, so we offer that as well. And of course we offer security and protection. But when you take that suite of application security and delivery services we're seeing that playbook grow for NGINX and that's also one of the factors of growth in public cloud for F5.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you Samik. Of course, there is quite a bit of time between now and 2025, but here's I think the way if we look at it, Samik. I think when you look back at where we were 12 months ago on our Analyst Day and we talked about a long-term target of getting to double-digit revenue growth. We didn't put a year on it, but we felt that we wanted to get to that in a long-term target. If I look at back at where we're at today -- but I would say, the things that we thought would help us out around growth in SaaS and security growth with NGINX and our new value proposition. That's going roughly per plan and a part of view hat we had at the time. What is showing better is overall the demand for BIG-IP. And I think in that going better there's an element of it that is more of a secular trend that will go on for several years. And so that's kind of the mix. Now, if you step back from it, Samik, what we are seeing is three or four years ago, there was a view of the world, let's say, all apps are going to go to a public cloud and that's kind of the future of the world. I'm sure you're seeing from a number of industry data points including cloud providers actually saying that themselves that the reality for large enterprises is -- for the last many decades they have always been told that they just have to get to the next thing and everything is going to go to the next thing. And the practical reality of that is it hasn't happened. And there's a realization now that it's not about the next thing, it's about managing a heterogeneous environment and being able to run applications in on-prem environment, in public cloud increasingly at the edge, in co-location environment and enterprises are very comfortable that that's going to be the reality and the conversation has shifted not to how do I get to a single public cloud in the future, but more of an architectural conversation around, okay, I'm going to be in all these places. What is the simplest way, because that creates complexity for me. What is the simplest way in which I can manage and run my applications across this hybrid environment. And those conversations, like F5 has spent like five years positioning ourselves for this environment and we're having a lot of joy, because we're able to support customers on-prem in public cloud, in private cloud, in modern application increasingly at the edge and we feel that that's going to be a secular trend that's going to last for several years. So that that's what we're positioning for, Samik and that's what generally we feel good about the next few years.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Alex. So we are - but for the most part I would say we don't compete very directly with Cloudflare, that's not a significant overlap today. I think that will grow more as we introduced our Volterra platform to wide distribution post the integration, because we will play way more at the edge with SaaS security offerings for a wide range of customers. We do see Akamai specifically with Shape security in the -- protecting customers against bot attacks. And I think their approach is to bundle security with their CDN especially for customers that are using their CDN. We have an approach that's more about best-in-class efficacy for enterprise customers that place a significant premium on having world-class efficacy against bot attacks, and we do very well with that customer segment. So we're starting to see more and more competition with these players. And I think as a disruptor with our universal edge platform that competition is going to grow. But we feel very good about the attributes of Volterra. And when you combine these all these attributes that Volterra being as an Edge universal platform and you put there the best-in-class security stack that F5 provides from shapes, from BIG-IP. Yeah. I think you have a formidable offering for customers that want to consume security as a service at the Edge. I think that's going to be a best-in-class offering.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Paul. So let me let me start with your second question I guess first. So, in terms of what we what we think about for our outlook on the 8% to 9% and supply chain. As we said in the in the prepared remarks, it does not anticipate a materially better outlook in terms of our supply chain, even though you're able to get components, able for everything else. And so, we are assuming that we are looking at that 8% to 9% on what we believe we can ship and what we believe the demand will be for those products. In terms of the specific operating margin expansion, as you recall we had a 32% to 34% range that we tightened up to 32% to 33% largely driven by the gross margin hits that we have been seeing and what we expect to see, because of some of those supply chain constraints through FY 2022. And so, we are increasing obviously the efficiencies that we're seeing in the business by lifting that up from where we ended at that 31.6%. So at the midpoint almost 100 basis points increase. But we're doing that on the backs of having higher costs on the gross margin side, So actually some more efficiencies coming through the operating margin line.
François Locoh-Donou: It could, but I don't anticipate that from what we see right now, Paul. I mean, if you know, again, we're early in Q1, so anything is possible. But what we've seen the -- obviously all of the things that we've been reading from the other vendors collectively, I don't think people are seeing the material - starting to see some improvement in the back half of FY '22 calendar which is our Q4 obviously. So it doesn't leave us a ton of room to catch up.
François Locoh-Donou: The visibility on demand I think has improved. I think the visibility on supply has not. And so, matching those two up with long lead times it's hard to say that you catch up within a reasonable period of time.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. No, Fahad, thank you. Okay, to be clear, we are in fact hitting our targets that we laid out our aim. So we said 35% to 40%, we did 37% this year and we guided to 35% to 40% next year. Whether or not we exit next year at a mix between hardware and software that is 50 or more of software. We've -- I think we will get there eventually because the trajectory on software is one of growth and we said over time, we don't think hardware will be an engine of growth. But frankly, if we don't hit that target largely because our hardware has totally overperformed, we will be very happy with that. And not just happy because of what's going on in the short term, but happy because what it translates to is A, that the BIG-IP franchise overall is doing better than we thought. And B, all these customers that are extending that time purchasing hardware and not making a transition to software, it creates a bigger install base for us to migrate to software down the road. So it actually it is very good news over time even for our software business. Because we have a much bigger real estate. So what we're focused on of course is if you look at it in absolute dollars, we will absolutely hit the target that we gave for software revenue for F5 in our Horizon 2. If those absolute dollars translate to 50 mix, that's fine. If they don't because hardware has over performed, we'll be happy with that.
François Locoh-Donou: I just would point to the obvious, but if we just did over 10% total growth in the first year of a Horizon 2 and so your basis comes out much bigger on which to build going forward. And so, we're incredibly excited about the trajectory of the business that we've been seeing. We talked specifically about FY 2022 guidance, more to come on the long-term target updates, but our focus is really on ending Horizon 2 at or above any of the expectations that we set at our Analyst and Investor Day as well as what we updated after the Volterra acquisition.
