John McAdam: Yeah, on EMEA, I mean, the answer is we’re not looking too far out here, because frankly in this type of environment, it’s difficult to go more than six months. So, if you look at, first of all, 15% year-over-year isn’t bad considering some of the economic issues. We have taken a fairly conservative forecast in terms of Q4 for EMEA as well. So, we are not looking for much growth sequentially there at all. We do feel good about the forecast that we have been given. And actually the pipeline is pretty good. Of course, you can see a pipeline growing when you get projects that get pushed. But overall, we feel okay about it. How long it will last is hard to tell. In terms of federal, we did see some deals slip. Having said that, our federal pipeline and we did a review with the whole of the U.S. management on Monday and our federal pipeline is very large and we feel actually pretty positive about our position.
John McAdam: Yeah, we started off. Typically, when we start off the quarter we have a lot of acceptances that join over the next, say, maybe the first month of the quarter, but we know they have already accepted the offer. That was lower last quarter than it typically has been as higher this quarter. So, we never guarantee anything, but we are definitely going to try and push for the 125 plus.
John McAdam: Yeah, in the telco piece, I mean we did see obviously an uptick in terms of the percentage this quarter from previous quarter, and of course that had growth in it. So, we had uptick in the growth. So, we did make progress there. I mean, it is much the same scenario which is we have opportunities with large network translation, with IPv6, with traffic steering is probably the biggest opportunity, some of the projects are lumpy. Yeah, I think it’s going to stay that way for some while.
John McAdam: I think it’s going to stay in 20% to 25% range, and depending of any project drop, you will see it going up and down typically in that range. I know it was 19% a quarter before, but typically we see it in the 20% to 25% range.
John McAdam: No, I don’t think is that all. I mean obviously, if you’re below forecast, you have made a mistake and you need to try and address that. But, in terms of where we sit, I think we’ve got fairly robust forecast for Q4. You heard me saying few really good some of the opportunities that we’ve got coming in 2012. Our pipeline in North America is the highest that’s ever been which is very significant and we saw a fairly – and that’s not just a general pipeline, but attractive pipeline which is very important because that’s the pipeline that we expect. It’s got very good chance of closing. So, we are not seeing any signs of that. Is that tough environment to some degree? Yes. I mean, frankly we saw some points during the course that we’re probably going to exceed, but then we saw some of the slippage I talked about in federal and in some of the major account verticals like in finance. But, overall, and you take any medium term, we feel good.
John McAdam: We are all smiling here, right. I think it’s a bit early to do that. I mean obviously we saw, we saw some good project wins last quarter, some really good ones. As I mentioned many times, when we get these wins, we tend to get very low customers that are willing to talk about the ROI they get and the productivity they get it gives them. We saw some more repeat buys, which was a good thing than normal. We hadn’t seen some as much for peak buys, we saw some of that. But we are not declaring victory on that one yet.
John McAdam: Yes, and although we saw slippage in the quarter, and we did. We also saw tremendous performance by the federal team. The year-over-year growth was actually very significant. The federal team are probably listening. I don't want them to think they didn't do a good job because they did. They did an excellent job. The real issue is the size of the pipeline and the opportunity and then of course, you've got a large pipeline like this, you obviously factor don’t and we think we have done that adequately. But we have a strong project pipeline with the projects in place. We have got a good feel for where they sit within the cycle. Again, I admit in this environment, you do have some uncertainty, but we feel pretty confident about what we have pinned as a number for that quarter four guidance.
John McAdam: Yes, a lot of it is projects that are established. A lot of it is that, certainly. And it tends to be involved with big systems integrators, as well. I don’t have the data right hand on the civilian versus military and/or intelligence. I know it’s reasonable in the latter. I don’t have the actual numbers.
John McAdam: We don’t view that, when we look at the pipeline. When we look at the addressable market, share gains comes as you execute in terms of more Fortune 500 account, in terms of penetrating more Fortune 500 account, in terms of focusing on areas like security that I talked about. By definition, share gains go, they come. But really it’s all about having that opportunity. I don’t think share gains as such is an issue at all.
John McAdam: And then, regarding Japan, yeah, we did expect it to be maybe slower because of all the disruption in it. The resilience of the team and frankly, the Japanese nation, they just carried on really quickly and we saw a really strong quarter with any disruption of any kind. The thing that was very, very positive for us in Japan and actually in the rest of Asia was there is a distinct trend now from lower product sales to higher product sales. And that we have been pushing this for Mark and his team for actually a couple of years now and we start to see some progress. So, we saw VIPRION type sales. We saw higher end. And that’s a trend that we are seeing. We started to see in Japan and we have been seeing it for a few quarters now in Asia which is pretty good.
John McAdam: But, I mean the big opportunity we see with virtual version, we’ve had – as Dan said quite a while now is that, you can develop on it, you can test on it. And then what you can do is probably deploy on larger systems. Now that’s only the thing we have seen. We have seen customers buy it for production, but typically it’s for development and then followed by using, like, VIPRION for production.
John McAdam: I mean, we wouldn’t be specific about project wins like that, but obviously we have a very tried and tested tactic which is if you a win a project that you can repeat globally, you go for it. And I can assure you at the sales level and the biz level we are very focused in doing that type of thing.
John McAdam: Let me just squash that one. So, the pipeline, when I was talking about the pipeline in North America, I meant strength in enterprise, service provider and federal.
John McAdam: I’m not going to be specific on the quarter. As I said Q3 and Q4 were tough comps. And definitely I think we would be very disappointed with less than 20% next year.
John McAdam: And in terms of the close rates, what I actually assuming a lower close rate than we did in quarter three we assuming a lower running quarter four. I would like to think there’s some conservatism in that, but we will see, but yes, we are actually assuming a little bit. If you look that is a pretty big sequential uptick from a revenue perspective. So, we will see how that goes.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Thanks. I was hoping you could give us a little bit more clarity and detail around the telecom segment. The fall-off in telecom from 3Q to 4Q last year calendar hasn’t really recovered very much percentage wise here. It’s up a percentage point each quarter. But can you give us some sense of what’s going on there in terms of customers coming back in and re-upping, expanding your footprint with them, the increased commitments, or anything that would give us some better sense of the trajectory of that business. And then just one factual question, can you repeat what you said the OpEx number was supposed to be non GAAP because like I said I didn’t catch that.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: So, excluding, to get the non GAAP – I didn’t get the exclusion part. Great. So, going back to the telco piece.
Alex Henderson – Miller Tabak: Okay, and then one last question. On the European piece, can you give us any geographics play within Europe? Was there any particular countries that were more egregious than others and how do you look at that mix across boundaries? Thanks.
Andy Reinland: So, OpEx was, operating expenses would be in a range of $156 million to $160 million. And I said that that includes approximately $21.5 million of stock-based compensation expenses.
Andy Reinland: Yes, absolutely. And we have done a lot of work in that and we’ve obviously started doing first passes in 2012. I’m not going to be specific on the quarter. I don’t want to do that. However, when we look at 2012 and this will give you a feel for and I will give much more data in October. But we would be pretty disappointed with anything below on annual growth over the 2012 year below 20%. So in other words, we do see it stabilizing and we do see it starting to increase. And we will talk about in a little bit more detail come October.Brian Marshall – Gleacher & Company: Okay. Thank you. And then with respect to, if you look the, well I guess actually that kind of clarified some of my questions there. With respect to the revenue growth that you have seen over the past year or so obviously I think the vast majority that are well more than 50% that came from increased share gains definitely think about probably going to slow down, but we are going to continue to gain share going forward. But I do think your account penetration is going to increase pretty dramatically across the board not only in Fortune 500, but.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So, on the linearity question to start with, consistent with last year, it was a little bit higher in the third month than we normally see, but not a marked difference and consistent.
Andy Reinland: In CapEx, I actually didn’t mention on the call, but for the coming quarter I think it will be in the same range that we saw this quarter. Maybe a little higher and on the next call, the October call we will give you the outlook on CapEx for the year again.
Karl Triebes: Yeah, hi, Troy, this is Karl. I just want to clarify also, because Version 11 isn’t just about service provider features. That’s one aspect of the release. Its major new infrastructure features like iAPP and vCMP as well as our centralized management. There is a bunch of things we are doing for the service provider market, but also for the enterprise, security, and other markets as well. So and it builds up on our previous technology. It’s a major step, but it’s not like, I think we have seen anybody out there in the service provider market stopping and waiting for it to show up. So, I hope that answers your question there.
Karl Triebes: Yeah, Kent, one thing I will add to, this is Karl. On version 11, what we also provide is the ability for us to operate for the customers to manage virtual and non-virtual versions seamlessly and operate together. So, essentially manages one large context which we think is vital to scaling these large virtual environments.
Karl Triebes: One thing, Vijay, this is Karl, I mentioned to you, you asked about 10 gig, capitalize on 10 gig and the next version of our VIPRION blade, the Centaur Blades we call it, natively supports 40 gig out of the shoe. So, we will be supporting the next high speed port and also Victoria which we call VIPRION 2400 was designed for 40 gig and we will be introducing 40 gig core modules later on. So, we’re trying to very much focus on improving essentially connectivity in the high density interfaces to exactly to capitalize on these opportunities.
Dan Matte: Okay, okay. And Kent, this is Dan. So as far as the virtual ADC, just virtual additions of our products in general and our strategy there, so we embarked on that course sometime ago. We launched the first product over a year ago now. And we now have almost, I believe, all our products available in virtual additions. So, I have been very, very pleased with the progress that we have seen there at the adoption rate, the downloads of trial additions, and more importantly, people purchasing them as well. So, I think we’ve gone from a position, perhaps a little bit late, to the market with the first one out there, originally to now probably having the most comprehensive solution than any vendor in our space.
Dan Matte: And Kent one last piece on that, really, having the combination of the software and the hardware piece is really vital when it comes to our customers. So, there is some things like dealing with SSL traffic and other things are very computationally expensive, that frankly well suited to virtual versions. And so, having both of those turned out to be very, very important in the marketplace. And as I said I think between the functionalities that we have in the products and the selection that we have between the hardware platform and the virtual additions, I think we are solidly in the leadership position.
Dan Matte: Sorry, Vijay, this is Dan. We are very, very active on that front. We have some very deep relationships with not only VMware, Microsoft, Oracle, many, many others out there as well, but in terms of the ones that they could mention. So, with the introduction of things like vSphere 5 or Exchange 2010 or new versions of SharePoint, we have things going on with them. So, when those vendors launch their products, we have solutions that are ready to go with them that have been verified by them as well and provide things that are useful for the customers at the end of the day which is really the most important aspect. So, changes in the landscape, they are evolving and triggering change for customers out there. We view very, very positive things and line up very nicely with our solutions.
