John McAdams – President, CEO: It’s actually yes and yes to most of that – I don’t want to say 100% certain because it’s - the forecast needs to be careful with forecasting accounts. But we saw revenue last quarter, and given the opportunity, we’ll probably see that increasing in that – that’s the whole point of getting into the Fortune 50 accounts, or Fortune 500 for that matter.Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, fair enough, thank you. 
John McAdams – President, CEO: Yes – so, the policy enforcement is part of the solar release that, you know, Karl’s team is basically meeting the milestones and have it ready for the end of last calendar year. So, in truth, most of that solar stuff is this quarter – I mean, it’s this quarter and beyond, and we would expect to see sales of that. I mean, it’s very new, it will take a while to ramp up, take some training, as all software does. We – oh, by the way, we expect the platforms in sales to be much [inaudible] because they can run not in just solar, but also in previous releases like the 4200 could, and the VIPRION 2400. But with software, you know, we want to be a little bit cautious with because it does take some time to bleed through the market, but we would expect to see sales win.Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development, CTO:  Yes – and by the way, Matt, this is Karl. One thing that I would also mention with the [inaudible] module, the customers tend to have a longer sense of – search providers tend to have a much longer qualification cycle where they have to go through and run the different applications, and whatnot in their environments. So, the ramp rate of that will tend to be different than necessarily some of our other features like security, and other things in our platforms. 
John McAdams – President, CEO: Yes, definitely it’s coincidental, there is no link to any specific products here [inaudible] our geography.
John McAdams – President, CEO: Yes – I mean, we’re being cautious on that area – this is John. So, I mean, it’s clearly in the forecast, but we’re being pretty cautious with that – Dave, do you want to comment on what we saw last quarter?Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development:  Yes, I think we just saw, you know, pretty tough macro environment, not only from, you know, end user customer, but even with our partners as well, that we – that we, you know, just saw pretty much as the quarter went on towards the end of the quarter, really business stopped. So, you know, we’re looking at a little better quarter this quarter in Japan, but it’s still going to be a challenge. 
John McAdams – President, CEO: We really – Dave really pushed in that during the quarter [inaudible] – well, you never really can be 100% certain, but the feedback we go back to team, and by the way, we are really – we’ve got a lot funds in this Japan management, and the team was – they really saw some 
John McAdams – President, CEO: Dan might want to comment on this as well, but we said – as I say, I mentioned we saw it through the North America – I keep saying that – the Americas. I don’t want to forget Canada and Latin America. The Americas [inaudible] on Monday and we have the better wins and I didn’t hear any losses. You know, you’re going to not win deals you don’t see, that happens. But the win rate seems to be incredibly high. Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development: No, we’re doing very, very well in the win rate and you know, we certainly have given incentives to our partners and certainly trade ins to the customers on, you know, to give, you know, bring the business in quicker and sooner to work. We’re not seeing any real losses to our competitors in the [inaudible] at this time. Manny Rivelo – EVP, Seucrity and Strategic Solutions:  And if I may add something, and this is Manny again. We’re not only seeing direct replacement if you will for server load balancing around ACE, but what we’re also seeing is a very rapidly evolving landscape around threats and vulnerabilities that are out there. So some of these decisions that customers are making are not just to replace the ACE functionality but they’re to bring new functionality into that environment, like IPv6, like protection for DDOS attacks, things that we natively do also in our platforms. So it’s not just an apples-for-apples replacement, it’s really upleveling their infrastructure and positioning for the future. 
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities: So, is there any specific hardware that needs to be in place to invoke the policy enforcement – the DPI capability that is required for that?Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development and CTO: Yes, with the PenModual, obviously our VIPRION platforms and our higher end platforms – right now, we don’t support it on the low end of the range yet, because it is very much focused on the surge provider market.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities: Yes, so the VIPRION platforms that are available now can do it?Karl Triebes – EVP, Product Development and CTO:  That is correct.
Matt Robison – Wunderlich Securities: And update on DevCentral users?Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development:  Yes, sure, Matt, this is Dan. So DevCentral we’ve finished up the quarter just over a 116,000 members – so, we see a great growth continuing there, and just one thing that I would highlight as well – some of the activities that we’re doing, things are guru panels, for example, to get the word out we’re seeing great traction on things like our ACE Replacement panel, and expansion into DNS services as well. So, you know, not only DevCentral user account, but participation in some of these things are growing in a great way. 
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO: And then six months ago you might have recalled a press release where we named them really our first true international distributor, and so the balance of that revenue has – I don’t have the specific breakdown, but it has gone over that 10% principle driven by international revenue, and I didn’t hear the second half of his question.
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO: Yes, when we give our guidance we always assume book to bill equal to one, so I think you can look at our guidance from that perspective, and the strong message I want to reiterate here though is we really expect to see as we go into the back half of this year, Q3, Q4, that is where we’re really going to look to see reacceleration of the product revenue growth. 
Andy Reinland – EVP, CFO: Yeah. The key driver that led us to really what is now an all-time high for us on product margin was a very strong quarter in software sales. So not only software modules, but sales of our virtual addition. So we see that as good.  Part of the guidance – I look at the guidance as more flattish. We do think we’ll see some pullback on the service side a little bit as we continue to hire there. Obviously, customer satisfaction is most important to us and we want to keep hiring in that area. So I see it as flattish is how I’d characterize it. 
Jess Lubert: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions. First I was hoping you could help us understand what drove the weakness in the Technology Vertical, the business has declined year-over-year and four of the last five quarters, so I’d be curious to understand. Are customers waiting for new product? Is there a competitive issue? And to what extent you believe this Vertical is likely to improve in future quarters?Dan Matte – EVP, Marketing and Business Development:  Sure Jess, this is Dan. So, on the Tech Vertical issue, you’re right. I mean, the Tech Vertical has trended down over the past several quarters for us, and we believe it’s driven really by a couple of our larger customers that are taking alternative architectural approaches in terms of how they’re building things. So, generally what (dead air) and they’re building some basic functionality into that app. And, so we’ve been seeing that going on, and obviously we’re doing something about it.  We’ve got projects going on internally that we believe will provide this type of customer with bays that will make it easier for them to integrate our functionality into the applications [inaudible] that they’ve got. John McAdam – President and CEO:  And just to be very pointed [Inaudible]competitive at all. It’s more that you know they’ve definitely seeing some architectural in-house changes.
Jess Lubert: So, does that business kind of linger around this level the next couple of quarters, until you can implement some of these new solutions, then it ramps back up? Is that the right way to think about it?John McAdam – President and CEO: Yes, that’s probably the assumption we’re making at the moment.
Jess Lubert: And, you know, then they just want to touch base on the Carrier business, how you’re thinking about that going into 2013, clearly a better quarter here. Several major Q1 providers have suggested they’re going to spend more in 2013 than they did in 2012, so would love to get some of your thoughts, and what you’re hearing from some of the major service providers. If you’ve seen a change of tone, or an uptick in activity that has you more optimistic about the Carrier businesses as we work through the year?Manny Riveldo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions: Hey, Jess, this is Manny, just to comment on that. So, we’re actually seeing a lot of excitement based on the solutions that we’re bringing out to the market. And it’s primarily driven by a couple of factors. As we all know, there’s huge amounts of demand today around the mobile space. So we’ve been organizing and orchestrating over the course of the last year, is really a set of solutions for a mobile and fixed operators, that really begin to deliver advanced capabilities in terms of traffic management, and being able to send to the subscribers as what the application is. And then being able to make policy decisions around that.  So, as we take these architectures out to these customers, they’re very interested in various different solutions. So, we think we’re going to have a very strong second half. But to the point that Karl make, a lot of this new technology we introduced in the market – or we’re introducing over the coming couple of weeks, is going to go into trial environments and it’s going to have to go through validation. And this will be our PAM Module, our [inaudible] Modules, our advance traffic shaping, and traffic steering capabilities, as well as continuing with our Traffix Solution set to our Diameter solutions [inaudible] market.
Jess Lubert: Would you expect the Telco business to grow faster than the Enterprise business in fiscal 2013?John McAdam – President and CEO: Possibly, and we’ve had this question so many times over the last couple of years. I think you’ll see quarters where it’s more lumpy than others. And if it’s lumpy on the high side, clearly you know, we’ll see it pick up a little bit. And certainly it’s a key [inaudible] we’ve got. You know, when we look at the products we’re bringing to market, especially in the software side of things with the application firewall and with RAM and with Carrier grade NAT, and Diameter, there’s more of an array of products, but there is going to be some lumpiness. So, I think over time yes, but I would like to talk about that in the next two or three quarters.
Jason Noland: Great, thank you. Just to step back John, a question on your comment about challenging macros. Is that a reference to Federal and Japan, or were you seeing smaller deal sizes or delayed deals in US Enterprise in Europe.John McAdam – President and CEO:   It was more of a reaction to Federal and Japan because we did see improvement in the other regions, especially in North America actually. However, we could say – in previous calls we talked about the million dollar plus deals being less than we’ve previously seen. We still saw that trend last quarter, so in in fact to be more specific, we actually saw 500 to a million dollar deals up quite significantly. But the million dollar plus ones [inaudible] to similar levels to Q4 and Q3, so we’re not dismissing that macro, because we definitely believe that is a macro scenario. Where instead of spending 1.5 million, you spend 900,000, and it really was quite significant.
Jason Noland: So some of the upside was pushed out into this year possibly?John McAdam – President and CEO:  Well possibly, and that’s an interesting question, because we are seeing the pipeline and this is obviously linked to the forecast, but we are seeing the pipeline of million dollar deals increasing. So, that’s a good sign, and we’ll see what happens, but you know, at the end of the day we’ll measure it next quarter.
Jason Noland: Okay, last question from me on the Cisco/ACE replacement opportunity. What’s the sense of urgency out there? Are people in a hurry here, or are they just kind of sitting back waiting to see what Cisco is going to do?John McAdam – President and CEO: I think it’s pretty reasonable. I mean, I can’t remember the last time we’ve won three Fortune 50 brand new projects in a while. I also think there’s no doubt it is linked to our new business being up more than it normally is. It’s 46%, it’s usually right about the 40%. And then we did the North America, - Americas I should say, QVR at the beginning of this week and there was a lot of discussion from all the management team of the ACE opportunities. I know we’re hearing the same, and from the customers prospective, -yes I mean I guess it depends on what the application is they’re running. But if it’s mission critical, I think if I was them, I would have some options. 
John McAdam – President, CEO: Normally we wouldn’t comment on that. We get asked that type of thing a lot. I mean, it’s not something that – yeah, there’s no big trend there that you should think about. We’re still being conservative on the Federal because it really was doing – especially sales bookings were doing quite substantially last quarter from the budget flush that happened in September. 
John McAdam – President, CEO: My apologizes for starting off negative, but on the final bit, we’re not going to give the growth to you ever. We’re going to take that a quarter at a time. We do think, as Andy said, we believe that in the second half total revenue growth will excel but that’s the best that we’re saying there, Rod.  On the forecast, yeah, we’re being cautious in Japan and Federal. I think we have to be there. In terms of the Teleco as being the most exciting – it’s certainly up there. It’s very, very exciting, Manny talked about that, the wide range of portfolio now that we can sell into these Telco’s that are pretty unique in the whole mode of areas. But you know, the ACE opportunity is massive for us. We think the product refresh, if it follows any historical trends what so ever, will be significant as well. And then the rest of the [inaudible]. So there’s a bunch of stuff, you know, most of which, by the way, helps Telco, but also helps [inaudible]. 
John McAdam – President, CEO: Yeah, and remember, we’ve done this before, Toa. Obviously, I don’t want to sound complacent about the risk because you always have to look at that type of thing. However, our platform is fairly unique in its ability to add more and more services, typically through software modules and we’ve seen from the field, a [inaudible] for the ability to do more software modules at the entry level, more capabilities with DCMP, the [inaudible] multiprocessing where we can build more and more added value to the platforms and that tends to go way far and above the cannibalization effect. We feel pretty confident – when we look at the 4,200 sales we’ve had [inaudible], that’s the way it will go. There’s more – much more [inaudible] in the terms of cannibalization. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on a couple things that were touched on earlier. One is in terms of – I’d like to get a better understanding of the Telco vertical use cases. Let me share my understanding of how they’ve been used is largely in the Telco data center, historically, and not really in the network and I think you’ve talked a lot in the past about opportunities and applications in the network. Could we get really a better understanding of the timeline of your expectations of let’s say greater network participation in the Telco vertical? Manny Rivelo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions:  Yeah, so obviously, this is Manny, Simon. So obviously, the data center space is something that you mentioned you’re familiar with so I won’t go into that, but obviously there’s a litany of solutions inside the data center space that we provide. In the core network where our primary use case is, is really in [inaudible] core, sitting inside the [inaudible] core, analysing the traffic flow and being able to understand the application, the subscriber traffic flow. And based on that, be able to apply a set of network services to monetize if you will or to optimize that.  So let me give you an example of that. A typical example of that would be to understand who the subscriber is, what application they’re trying to access. If that application tends to be a video application, we may re-steer that traffic to a cacheting engine as an example. Or if it’s a non-premium customer, we may rate limit that traffics so that they don’t consume all the RAM bandwidth. At the same time, depending on what the flows are, we may want to provide security services or carrier-grade NAT services. So what we’re doing is, by understanding the application of the subscriber, we’re able to implement a set of services inside that infrastructure, consolidating that, reducing the cost to the operator at the same time giving them monetization strategies.  In addition to that, we’re moving very aggressively into the LTE space and we’re looking at the growth in 4G networks and how 4G networks also integrate with 3G networks and roaming across 4G networks. So the result of that, our Traffix acquisition that happened now approximately a year ago is something that we’re aggressively pursuing with all of the mobile operators as we move out there. So that footprint is also active, very active right now and we’ve seen some material wins over the last couple of quarters so we’ll continue to engage in that.  So those are two predominate uses cases above and beyond the traditional, if you will, data center solutions that we offer. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James: And have any of these use cases that you just described contributed to revenue yet or are they still on the come? Manny Rivelo – EVP, Security and Strategic Solutions:  No, they are. They’re attributing to revenue and as a matter of fact, a lot of the new modules we’ve introduced over the course of the – or we’re introducing here in the next couple of week, were being implemented in our platforms through iRules, right, because we have an open data plane and we allow our customers to program to that.  So the net of it is that we’ve been monetizing this through the classic platform for numerous years. Now that we’re doing is, we’re exposing that through our [inaudible], making it easier for the operators to manage this environment, which is really what they’re looking for. They’re looking for visibility and exposure and monitoring capabilities to be exposed natively in the product without it having to be programed if you will. 
Simon Leopold – Raymond James: Great. That’s helpful. And then the second thing I wanted to ask about was, you talked about wins from displacement of ACE products. I’m just wondering two aspects of that. One is if you could characterize your win rate given that your competitors are also trying to exploit the same opportunity and displace ACE? And the second part of that is have you had to sacrifice any margin or pricing as incentives for those trade ins, whether there was any kind of trade off for those wins? Thank you. 
