Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Customers made F5 the standard for securing, delivering and optimizing traditional applications. Now, with compelling and differentiated solutions for modern applications and APIs as well as those mission critical traditional apps, we are being architected into new areas and use cases across our portfolio. Our holistic application and API focused approach enables new found consistency across environments and across hardware, software and SaaS deployment models, which reduces risk, lowest operating cost and delivers better digital experiences. In closing, I ask that you take away three things from this call. Number one, we are seeing some early and encouraging signs of demand stabilizing. Number two, we are seeing demonstrable proof points that the differentiated solutions portfolio we are creating through a combination of organic and inorganic innovation and technology integration is well-aligned with how application architectures are evolving. And number three, we are delivering on the operating discipline we committed to, and expect to produce additional leverage in FY 2024. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Ray. Thank you so much for the question. So the true forwards when we set out our plan at the beginning of the year, we had higher expectations than what we've seen throughout the course of this year. That having been said, it was a strong quarter in a four renewals and included in that. Would be our true forward number. It's early to indicate that we've seen an absolute bottom and things are going to grow from here. When I was incredibly encouraged though from the expansion that we saw in some of our second terms, as Francois mentioned, were quite high on a few large deals. And we are seeing a stabilization right now in the demand environment, which is better than what I can say for the last couple of quarters. So again, early signs, but not yet ready to call it a trend.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Ray. So, I think it's best to maybe contrast a little, what we saw this quarter versus what we saw in the first two quarters of the year. What hasn't changed for us is this the customers continue to scrutinize spend. We continue to see deals being delayed, some deals being pushed out. And we continue to see a behavior across all verticals, where customers are looking to the first spend as much as possible and sweating their assets, where they can do that. Those behaviors have not changed. And as a result, even though we saw a stronger demand in Q3 than in our first two quarters of the year, demand was still lower than from the 2022 levels. What has changed is, number one, we didn't see things getting worse this quarter and I'm saying in general across verticals than they did in the first half of the year. So, we feel we have kind of reached a stable level. I think in our March quarter, there was a lot of uncertainty, specifically in the financial services sector right after the bank failures. There was uncertainty still about interest rate debt ceiling for -- in the U.S. specifically. And so, spend in financial services almost came to a halt then. That I'm going to call it almost irrationality has come out now. So there is still deal delays and scrutiny. But even though deals are being scrutinized, they are getting approved. So that, specifically for that vertical, I think has changed. And then, I think we've seen in a couple of areas the deals that had been delayed were customers really needed to implement these projects. And they have moved forward with these projects. And I would say that's been the case in financial services and in a couple of other enterprise verticals. Service providers, I would say, are still working to sweat their assets as much as possible, and we're seeing that behavior continue across the board.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Okay, so let me unpack that. There was a lot in there. So, when I talked about the demand stabilization, it's really the fact that if you look at the first two quarters of the year, things were getting progressively worse in March than they were in January, and they were worse in January than we felt them were in September. But when you back to where we were at the end of June, we didn't feel things have further worsened. And so, things have stabilized. That's really the origin of by my commentary. As it relates specifically to hardware, Samik, as you know, we have -- demand has been soft on hardware throughout the year. And it's been soft largely because of the macro environment and customers sweating their assets, also customers needed to digest a lot of shipments that we have now been able to make. Customers have made -- placed orders last year, they have not been able to get the equipment and they needed to get the equipment and get it installed and deployed. So all of that is happening. As a result, we have worked through our backlog and our backlog has come down significantly, which is why you're seeing hardware, where it is in Q3. And frankly, when you look at even next quarter, Q4, I would expect hardware to probably be even down from the level that you saw in Q3 in terms of where were demand is at today. As it relates to what this means for 2024, as you would expect, it's too early for us to be gating to 2024. We've said in the past that cycles of this nature in the past have been four to six quarters. We feel we are three quarters into it. So you can infer from that where potentially demand will return. We do expect, by the way, demand to return in 2024. When exactly, we don't know when. But we do expect demand across the Board to return and hardware demand to be higher next year than it is this year. However, I would ask you to keep in mind that because we have been able to ship so much of our backlog, we said last quarter that there would be six to eight points of headwind on total revenue growth next year based on the way we worked the backlog this year. And so, I would keep that in mind when you're thinking about revenue for next year.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So, for us in AI, Samik, we're, of course -- I think like a lot of other companies that if we've got focused in three areas, one that I'd say is generics to other companies, which means we are looking to leverage the new capabilities to enhance our productivity. And we -- as you know, we are focused on earnings growth. We said we want to deliver double-digit earnings growth, which we are now confident we will this year. But continuing to drive that, we want to drive more productivity over time. And these tools would help us through that in certain areas. The other two areas that are really specific to our business, Samik, is one, we have been using AI already, especially in our security products. Part of the rationale for the Shape Security acquisition was also to bring in AI capabilities and AI expertise in the company. That has allowed us to profile application traffic at a very granular level, which is an incredible powerful capability. And we're going to enhance these capabilities with new machine-learning models going forward. And I would expect that in security, in particular, you will see us move more and more to AI-enabled security, which is where increasingly what we think it will take to solve security problems. And we have a lot of data being in front of 40% of the world's websites. We have -- sorry borrowing over 300 million website and being is 40% of the world's web application. We feel we have a lot of access to data that can fuel these machine-learning models. We will also see some opportunities in terms of new workloads. So that is still early days and probably harder to define in the short-term, but what we see, Samik happening is a lot of the new AI-related workloads we think have two attributes that will be interesting for F5. Number one is these are kind of next-generation modern workloads built with an API first approach, which will create a lot more API connections and API calls and accelerate this explosion of APIs. Those APIs need to be connected and secured, and orchestrated and we are levered to that opportunity. In API and API security. And number two, these workloads or the data they have to access is quite distributed, which also will accelerate adoption of multi-cloud architectures, and we are levered to that multi-cloud opportunity. And so, we think those two attributes of AI-related workloads will play well to the opportunity for F5 down the road.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Simon, I don't think we're -- we can kind of direct you to what is or should be the base run rate for hardware. But I think what we can share with you is this. Our perspective is that the trajectory of the hardware in terms of the number of units that we have out there should be declining in the mid-single digit percentage. And it could be a little more than that, it could be a little less than that, but it's in that zone. And when you look at the sort of overall normalized trend of the number of units we have under obligation, the number of hardware units that are out there and deployed, the -- and you look at a longer trend in the last couple of years, you'd see that's kind of the trend that we're seeing. Over the last couple of years, if you just look at revenue, of course, there's been substantial disruptions. The pandemic has been a positive one. The supply chain has been a negative one. The macro has been a negative one. But if you ignore the short-term disruption, then you just look at a long-term trend of the number of hardware units you have out there, you should think about it as a kind of declining in the mid-single digits. Now I would add though, Simon, that part of what we think is an important strength of the F5 model is that we now deploy in hardware, in software and Software as a Service. And we're seeing that customers really value the flexibility that they have in the F5 model because not all applications are in the same environment, and they want the ability to something to have applications funded by hardware in their private data centers and maybe other applications supported by software or SaaS. And we're seeing inside of a single large enterprise two or three of these deployment models come through. And what customers value is the consistency of delivery policies and security policies across these consumption models. And so we're going to continue to offer this flexibility and its core to how we intend to continue to drive earnings growth in the business.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Sure. So yes, that dynamic, I will be excited to see, Jim, but we have not yet seen that, where the SaaS piece has overtaken the term-based subscription side of the business. That still is the majority of our software revenue. In terms of net retention rates, it was strong in the quarter. That part is part of our renewal base of revenue, which has been, frankly, much closer to plan than new business. New business activity was challenged in the quarter in relation to what we expected to do at the beginning of the year but much better than what we had seen in the first half of the year. And so in totality, again, the net retention that we have seen in our recurring base of revenue and the renewal base of revenue has been growing and strong. But the new business opportunities that we see, those are the ones that are still challenged in relation to what we expected to do at the beginning of the year. But they were largely in line, slightly better than the revised expectations that we set last quarter.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you. And in a way, your two questions are related because it comes down to this flexibility of the model we've built, of offering hardware, software and SaaS. So, to the first part of your question, was there any -- relative to our expectation in terms of the mix, hardware/software. Look, I think we were pleased to see that a couple of the bigger software deals that we have been expecting for a while actually did come through and were not delayed. And so that helped the overall software performance for the quarter and we think also speaks to the stabilization in terms of customers. Still not returning to, of course, '22 level in terms of new projects and starting these new especially big software transmission projects, but at least the ones that are absolutely necessary for customers to move through with them. So that's on the software side of things. I think on hardware, things -- we had expected to be shipping our backlog throughout the year, and we're pleased that we're able to do that. We're pleased that we are returning to normal lead times. Our lead times are almost at normal levels at two weeks, which is really important for our customers to get their equipment because we think that will be a catalyst for future demand once they've digested these projects and implemented them. In terms of share gains, Meta, we have -- so in the ADC -- traditional ADC market specifically, we believe that we are gaining share, largely because of the investments we've made in next-generation platforms and next-generation software and the flexibility of the model we are delivering. So Meta, we have rolled out rSeries and Vellos platforms this quarter. I think over 70% of the shipments that we made in hardware were on the new rSeries platform. So adoption of that platform has been phenomenal. We think it's the fastest adoption we've seen in a transition like that ever. And it speaks to the capabilities of these new platforms and the new software that brings cloud-like benefits to the hardware on-prem environment. And so the combination of these investments we've made and the CapEx model, the OpEx model that we offer, continuing to offer perpetual and subscription models, really is powerful. And relative to our competitors in the ADC space, we are taking share, and in some cases, specifically taking customers away coming to F5 because of the investments we've made. We are also going strongly after the WAF market, that is Web Application Firewall, API security, DDoS and bot protection as a service. This is a market, Meta, where we are a new entrant with distributed cloud, but we are gaining customers very rapidly and aggressively attacking the incumbents in the market. We are quite differentiated in API security and bot defense in particular and also in networking applications between cloud, the secure MCN opportunity being a new and emerging market where Distributed Cloud has a very strong offering. So these are areas where we feel we are gaining share, and hopefully, we’ll continue to gain share in quarters to come.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. I would just add so that it's absolutely clear. When we talk about, Alex, the 6 to 8 point headwind, it's not demand headwind. We -- in fact, we expect demand next year in hardware to be higher than this year. But it is a shipment headwind that's impacting recognized revenue. So wanted to be clear about that.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yeah. Thank you. So like -- so in API security, it's a nascent market. There are a few start-ups that are in the mix, but what -- a couple of things about API security. One is it is a big data problem because you have a lot of API -- companies are dealing with a lot of API calls, and detecting threat patterns requires really being able to find a needle in a haystack sometimes with sophisticated attackers. And so to really win in API security, you really have to have AI and ML capabilities as well as the capacity to mitigate these attacks. And where F5 is differentiated is in our ability both to discover APIs and all the API patterns and then to protect against API attacks and mitigate potential attacks. And we're seeing that players that don't have the capabilities to do both don't have the same kind of competitive position. So that's where the landscape is in API security. And we're progressing quickly as well in the market now with distributed cloud. In the multi-cloud networking space, it's again an emerging market, but we think it's going to grow rapidly because we're seeing most of our customers are now using multiple clouds. In our latest state of application security -- state of applications strategy report, we found that close to 90% of our customers are now using multiple clouds. And increasingly, they need to connect applications or portion of applications across these clouds. And what we're seeing in the competitive landscape there is there are a couple of players that have capabilities to do that really at Layer 3, at the networking layers, maybe Layer 3, Layer 4. But we are seeing increasingly enterprise need not just Layer 3 to Layer 4 networking, but also Layer 7 security to really connect these applications securely and one has to go with the other. And essentially, F5 is now with all of the integrations we've made on our Distributed Cloud, taking from our organic innovation and thinking from our acquisitions, from Shape and Treadstack and Volterra and some capabilities from BIG-IP, we're essentially the only player today that can secure application and APIs across cloud, across any environment and connect these applications and APIs across cloud in any environment securely. And we think that, that is where this market is going to play out going forward. So we're pretty excited about our opportunity in the space.
Frank Pelzer: Simon, in terms of specific metrics, more to come. In terms of the delivery approach that Francois was describing, one of the reasons why we have gotten away from trying to specifically guide to a mix is because, again, we give customers flexibility and we do not try to specify which one we think is the better approach. We leave that to the customer to make that decision for themselves. And so we will see some fluctuation and volatility between what software and what’s hardware. I think when we actually see the SaaS business, particularly around Distributed Cloud, over the next few years become much more substantial, that volatility will continue to decrease as more and more of that business will come to us in a ratable fashion. And so as that business continues to grow, you can be looking to us for more metrics around that. That will give some more forward looking points -- data points where that expectation and that software revenue will come.
Frank Pelzer: Yeah, Alex. It's Frank. I'll start and see if Francois wants to add anything. But the long and short, the 6% to 8% is more specific to the systems business, and that's specifically related to the level of backlog that we had going into FY '23. And so obviously, it's been a boost to our recognized revenue in relation to where the demand has been for FY '23. But going -- looking ahead at FY '24, that's the 6% to 8% that we've referenced, which is largely associated with the hardware business. The demand side of the equation has been challenged in both. Obviously, it's -- have been better in Q3 than what we saw in the first half of the year. But it stabilized at a lower -- much lower level than where we were in FY '22. And so we do expect there to be a change and we do expect specifically in systems to see a much larger change than where we have been in FY '23 in terms of demand. But that intersection between that 6% to 8% total revenue headwind that we saw as recognition in '23 that will not be there in '24, that's the piece where we're hesitant to know exactly what point in '24 we'll see that change in the systems there. On the software side of the equation, we have seen great traction. Obviously, in the renewals as we mentioned, we have seen a challenging new environment so far. That will likely also change. But we are seeing that change likely come more in the form of SaaS revenue, which we'll not necessarily recognize in the same rate in FY '24 as what we've seen in our term-based agreements. And so it's too early to tell right now exactly how that will all play out. We'll have more to talk about that in the next -- on the next call, but that's the early indication and the way to reconcile some of the comments that we made.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Michael. Thanks for the question. Yes, we did see an improvement in the new business activity, though it was still down from where we were a year ago. And so it was a positive sign to see, again, as Francois mentioned earlier, some of the irrationality come out of the buying behavior. Still many more deal approval levels than what we would have seen a year ago, but the deals are actually getting approved. So we're really happy to see that come through. And we're obviously not guiding to a mix on software versus hardware sequentially. But we do have a lot of faith in the software business. Obviously, last quarter was a challenging quarter. This quarter came back closer to the expectations that we have for the business. And we'll talk more about the actual outcome next quarter.
Frank Pelzer: Absolutely. So yeah, Michael, when we made those comments, obviously, we had had an outlook of 7% to 11%. We're higher now on EPS for where we're going to be in FY '23. We're really happy about that. Some of that is coming from the tax benefit. And so when we take a look at our pretax income for FY '24, it's certainly our aspiration to be double-digit. How the things like tax and share repurchase and stock price as those share repurchases come into play, it's just too early to give any specific guidance further than that on FY '24. But we're really, really happy with the progress that we made, the leverage that we're seeing, particularly in our gross margins and operating margins. It's exactly what we thought was going to happen, and more to come on FY '24.
Francois Locoh-: Hey, Jim. So let me give you a sense by product in terms of what we're seeing in terms of demand. So we're -- as I said, the hardware demand has been soft. Where it has been the softest is in the ADC space, where customers are really looking to delay purchase orders and where they can sweat their assets. Security -- stand-alone security has been more resilient than in ADC. But the security that is attached to ADC, of course, is affected in the same way that ADCs are. We have also seen strong demand for NGINX. We had quite a strong quarter on demand for NGINX for largely modern application deployments, as well as renewal and expansion from existing opportunities. And where we are seeing also very strong growth, but of course, on a small base is in our distributed cloud opportunity, which is really in security, offering application security in front of us, a lot of applications but deployed as a service; increasingly seeing more opportunities for API security, which is a nascent but growing and exciting market; and also securing multi-cloud networking, so connecting applications across cloud and doing so in a secure way. These areas are growing rapidly but from a small base, and this is where we're seeing a different trend in demand. That, I think, is kind of -- when you look at the overall portfolio, this is how we see the various demand levels.
Francois Locoh-: Well, look, Alex, we're not ready to guide for 2024. We're -- what we've said about the 6 to 8 point headwind on total revenue is no different than we said last quarter. And it is simply math that we say, look, we want to make sure that one knows that the -- this year, given that we're shipping all of our backlog, we're shipping the equivalent of 6 to 8 points more of revenue than the demand we've had for -- from hardware. We're not ready to guide for where revenue would be in 2024, but it's clear that, that 6- to 8-point headwind is going to challenge growth for next year. That being said, I also want to be clear, we have been on a march of double-digit earnings growth, and we want to remain on that march. You saw that we took a number of actions to drive earnings growth this year, and we're confident we'll achieve double-digit earnings growth. We had said from 2022 when we started with the supply chain challenges that we expected to work through these challenges in our model and start showing the improvements in the back half of 2023. And you're seeing this quarter gross margin made a step improvement as they -- we started to work out through these expensive components, and we have been quite disciplined around price realization with the price increases that we drove last year. And you saw also that operating margins made a 600 basis point jump sequentially. And we expect to continue this operating leverage next year. So this is the -- our plan on continuing to drive earnings growth.
Francois Locoh-: If I go on the second part of the question around operating margins, look, we said we expected operating margins in 2024 to be around 33%. And we still feel that, that opportunity is there and we intend to drive to that.
