John Eldridge: Thank you, Sam. Welcome, everyone, to our conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. John McAdam, our President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. The other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through July 20. From 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific Time, April 21, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-474-1441 or 203-369-1499. During today's call our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as: believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
John Eldridge: Hi. This is John Eldridge. I just want to say we'll take two more questions, and then we're going to wrap up this call.
John Eldridge: Okay. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, all for joining us for this call. We look forward to seeing many of you at some of the investor events we'll be attending this quarter.
Andrew Reinland: Thank you, John. In a relatively challenging environment, F5 delivered year-over-year revenue growth and strong profitability. Revenue in Q2 grew 2.4% year-over-year to $483.7 million, within our guided range of $480 million to $490 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.68, above our guided range of $1.61 to $1.64 per share. These results exceeded our forecast driven by strength in gross margins and prudent management of expenses, as well as a decrease to our worldwide effective tax rate and the strong buyback of our common stock. GAAP EPS of $1.11 per share was below our guidance of $1.13 to $1.16 per share due to one-time costs for a patent-related jury verdict and other costs associated with that litigation. The related impact of these one-time costs to GAAP EPS was approximately $0.08. Product revenue of $225.4 million declined 4% sequentially and 8% year-over-year and represented 47% of total revenue. Service revenue of $258.2 million increased 1% sequentially, 13% year-over-year, and accounted for 53% of total revenue. Revenue from the Americas accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter; EMEA contributed 25%; APAC, 13%; and Japan, 5%. On a year-over-year basis, the Americas were up 1%, EMEA revenue was up 8%, APAC revenue grew 1%, and Japan revenue was down 1%. Enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21%, and government sales were 16% including 7% of total sales from U.S. federal. In Q2 we had three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 18.2% of total revenue; Ingram Micro, which represented 15% of total revenue; and Avnet representing 13.3%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 83%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.6%. Including $8.9 million for patent-related jury verdict and other costs associated with that litigation, GAAP operating expenses were $286.5 million, above our guided range of $272 million to $281 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses, which exclude these patent litigation costs, as well as stock-based compensation and amortization of purchased intangible assets, were $239.8 million. GAAP operating margin was 23.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 34.5%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.7%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $133.1 million. In Q2, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $94.62 for a total of $200 million, ending the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments. At its April meeting, the board approved an additional share repurchase authorization of up to $1 billion. DSO at the end of Q2 was 50 days. Inventories were $35.2 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $16.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 17% year-over-year to $842.7 million. And we ended the quarter with approximately 4,325 employees, an increase of 50 from the prior quarter. On to our fiscal Q3 outlook, as we enter into the historically stronger second half of our fiscal year, we remain focused on business execution and the delivery of our upcoming new products and features to drive the next leg of growth for F5. With this in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 is $490 million to $500 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82.5% range, including approximately $4.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $270 million to $279 million. This includes approximately $36.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q3, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 35% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.29 to $1.32 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.77 to $1.80 per share. We plan to increase our head count by up to 50 employees in the current quarter, and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $155 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andrew Reinland: And then to your question on product revenue growth, I mean, obviously, we don't guide beyond the current quarter, but you do see sequential growth implied in this coming quarter and that's our absolute focus and that's why we're spending a lot of time talking about the new products coming out and the impact we think that's going to have through the rest of the year and into 2017. So, we'll see.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. And on operating margin, the messaging we put out there still holds. And if you look at our revenue guidance against the OpEx and gross margin I put out there, we are going to see some improvement in operating margin. But like we always say, we're going to watch it against the revenue and adjust accordingly. So, we're looking forward to continued improvement against revenue growth. And if we see that, we'll have it; and if not, we'll adjust accordingly.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. So, specifically on gross margins, where we think we could see potential upside, we don't think the new products coming out will have a lower gross margin profile. This is really about mix and mix-to-software, and the impact that could have on the longer term to our margin. And we'll see. As we talk about quite a bit, if we do get gross margin improvement, we like to look at how we can invest that back in the business, and our most recent obvious example is bringing Silverline to market with really not (39:13) much of an impact on our overall business model. And though we don't guide much beyond the next quarter, where you see we said 84% for our non-GAAP gross margin, we expect to see strong gross margins continue, and we'll manage it very carefully.
Andrew Reinland: And then, on the buyback authorization, really that's the board teeing it up. We'll continue with our routine of every board meeting reviewing it. I think you've seen over the last couple of quarters it's actually gotten a bit more aggressive, just relative to share price being down and us setting up a 10b5-1 that has trigger points. Do I think we're going to get more aggressive? We'll have to see on that. That's a board decision, but we like the cadence that we're at right now. As far as M&A goes, we continue to look, I would characterize it, pretty aggressively in the areas of security and telco for opportunities that we think fit, but we wouldn't comment much more than that.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, I think last quarter, we talked about widening the lens, which I think implies that we would look at bigger deals relative to maybe what you've seen us do. But again, it's going to be something that we look at very critically, because we understand the risk of that as well and we're going to look for those opportunities that are the right fit, both strategically and culturally that we think can really drive the company forward. So I'm very focused on that outcome.
Andrew Reinland: And then, Paul, you were asking about the virtual editions on the pricing. And essentially, at our entry-level hardware systems, you do see parity on the gross margin dollar still. So it's not quite the same price-wise, but it's equivalent on the gross margin dollars. And we're still seeing that the deal sizes aren't necessarily smaller, because usually, when they're buying virtual editions, they're deploying them on a more horizontal type of architecture, and so, they need more versions of it. So we're still in that kind of position. Some of the things I'd highlight though was we're looking at new licensing models, specifically for the cloud. So bring your own license, where you can take the VE and move it as you want to. Enterprise license agreements, if they want a license in large scale, we'll do an enterprise license agreement. And I think where we're coming out with a 40 gig VE in an NFV environment, you may see that as well, where we do a lot of larger enterprise-type license agreements, and then, we'll see how that works out at discounting. And then, we do offer, on a utility basis, on AWS, the ability to pull out your credit card and license our virtual editions. So we'll continue to be looking at those business models, to evolve them to the needs of our customers.
Andrew Reinland: John, in his comments, said overall software is more of a third of our sales, but we don't get much more detail than that.
John McAdam: To some degree that was the case. So, obviously, January and February, we did see some angst. We started to get a little bit worried about visibility, but obviously we check linearity weekly, and it wasn't a disaster, but it wasn't probably as good as we would've liked to have been. We did see visibility start to clean up towards the end of the quarter, which was obviously encouraging, because that was slightly different from last quarter, where I said almost the opposite.
John McAdam: No. No, no. We actually had some pretty strong transactions towards the end of the quarter that we expected in the financial segment. And by the way, Alex, I mentioned in my script that obviously financial and telco were down somewhat. They weren't down a significant amount; well, finance in particular wasn't down that much. Telco was actually down more.
John McAdam: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So pretty much similar to what we said last quarter; in other words we do see macro. We don't think it's a strong spending environment in general out there, but we are also, in our opinion, we think there are delays in spending caused by customers effectively strategizing over the new cloud architectures and what applications they should take and basically planning that. So I think we're seeing some slowness because of the transformation in architecture. So that's two reasons. I must admit that I think there's another reason. I mean, over time, we've seen some disruption, and it's been well publicized in management. And I think that's behind us now. I talked about some of the hiring that John DiLullo, in particular, has done over the last couple of quarters and (25:22) back in charge in North America, and I feel really good about that. But, the two big ones for us are really the macro combined with the fact that the cloud architectures, and you combine those two together and that makes it easy to make a delay in the spending decision. And then in terms of the Osborne (25:43) type question that you asked about, not really. I can't say we're seeing much of that, we're watching it like a hawk especially this quarter because I did say that the big product shipments which is the Shuttle series is now destined for July, so we're feeling good about really getting a good date now that's pretty soon. And I think we're going to be okay with that, but we're watching it very, very closely.
John McAdam: And also with the performance improvement you get more modules on a single system than you would normally get. So there's a bunch of areas there, but I actually think the big one – and that's why I said it's not just a product line upgrade, because we're going to get all that good stuff, and hopefully the customers will benefit from the savings that they get. But, more importantly, SS bridge (28:01) we see as a bridge between the existing on-premise architectures and the cloud with some of the stuff that we can do that Karl mentioned on FPGAs to tunnel connectivity between private and public clouds and these products.
John McAdam: Now, this is an easy question. So, first of all, by a mile the focus is on more sophistication and feature sets within the software. That's obviously the way things are going and especially by a long way security being the main focus for us. So, things like behavior analysis, areas like that where you'll see enhancing all our software capability. Our goal has always been to add features to increase our addressable market especially in security and that's what you're going to see. Speeds and feeds are great because they tend to be pretty tactical from a growth perspective and we'll take advantage of that, but over time what we're interested in is building our security portfolio that's absolutely focused on our skill set which is application security and then increasing that. And increasing it not just by functionality, but also by the way we take it to market, like, for example, the Silverline services having our own cloud-based (31:10) And then, of course, putting that software on all the public clouds as well.
John McAdam: Yeah. We're happy with it. I mean, I actually – it was quite specific that we actually saw year-over-year sales, bookings growth in APAC and in Japan and in EMEA. And we think we're actually doing really well there and we've got a good opportunity.
John McAdam: On your first question, just for clarity, were you saying it was down 15% or – because it was 21% of our revenue for the quarter.
John McAdam: Yeah. As I mentioned, telco – I mentioned the two verticals, telco and finance and I did say that telco was down more. We've seen this so many times and the really big one was, I don't even like mentioning it, but it was in 2013 in the same quarter where we saw telco slump pretty badly. There's definitely – I think it was a slow spending environment in telco last quarter. I think we've seen that from some of our peers and announcements that they've made. There also, I think, there's some slowness related to some of the decisions we're making from an NFV architecture perspective. Having said all that, we look at the interest level on the 100-gig blade and it's very high. Now, we're not announcing it. We're not shipping it until May. We have taken fairly sizable order already, and we expect to make revenue this quarter. So, I think, to be frank, I think the biggest – the real run rate starts in Q4, but we will see additional revenue. And that, I think, will help certainly in the short-term and beginning of 2017 the telco vertical. But, apart from that, I don't think there's anything systemic. It's all about with us, typically, projects not closing or moving from one quarter to another.
John McAdam: Okey-dokey. I'll take the first two then. On the delay, I mean, it's always tough to tell that. There may be some proportion of delay that happened last quarter. Remember, we're spending a lot of time talking to the large customers, large service provider customers about the 100-gig. We've got a pretty good view into the potential demand both this quarter and next. As with any new product, they will try it out, which is why I was indicating that we'll probably see a stronger reception to it in Q4, because it's only going to be coming out in May, but we feel really, really positive about seeing revenues this current quarter as well. So it's difficult to actually measure that type of question. I would probably say that, because it's going to be available this quarter, one cancels out the other. In other words, I don't think there's going to be any significant delay because of the 100-gig, just to be specific. Regarding the turnover question, we don't really talk about that stuff much, but I will comment on it. We did see some turnover last quarter in the Americas. We're addressing that aggressively. In fact, we have addressed most of it aggressively, actually, to make sure that we don't lose any momentum because of that. But, I wouldn't go into it in any more detail than that.
John McAdam: Okay. Let me take the second one first. I mean, we do – we couldn't deny that we could improve our security profile image, because we think we've already earned it, but clearly we haven't earned it from a marketing or a profile perspective, and we need to do that. So you'll see us doing a number of things. I mean, if you look at some of the hires that we're hiring, we're hiring more and more security people, and we've added significant security experts within the field to support the overall sales force. We've had it – I talked about Pete Brant with his background in security, our new CISO. So, you'll see us doing more than that. I'm not going to say anything specific of that spend, but it's the big focus for us, because it's the future. We're also pushing ahead with the security research team as well, because we do need to get more public about that. I mean, in fact, if you looked on the script today, we probably never really mentioned some of the security wins we've had during the call we've started to do that as well. So, we do take that – we take that input very seriously. In terms of the first question on outside of the Americas in terms of how's the growth profile, I'm not sure it's directed at market share gain and/or customer penetration. I think, first of all, typically, when we penetrate, say, the times 200 that's a good thing, because that means we do more and more business. So, we love the concept of penetrating into existing customers. There's so many applications that we can sit in front of and optimize. I don't think it's really that. I think they've been executing well in a tough environment, obviously, but they've been executing well in those environments. We think with the changes we've been making, that John DiLullo has been making in sales in the Americas, you're going to see similar execution coming in the future as well.
John McAdam: Yeah. Okay. On the first question, yeah, it's absolutely beginning and Karl can talk about this in a second. I would say, first of all, DDoS we feel really good about across the board, and you'll see us linking a standalone DDoS solution to a Silverline DDoS solution via signaling, which is going to be pretty unique and feel good about that. But, the reason I'm mentioning the first two is that we're hearing a lot of interest from the field on SSL Intercept and SSL Air Gap. So, yes, we will be adding more, but our main focus is going to be taking that opportunity. In terms of the types of things we're adding, the Shuttle series is obviously geared to that to that and Karl might want to comment, just in general.
John McAdam: On the first question, I mean obviously, we're trying to be appropriately conservative, and I think we're managing that. Probably I'm going to take one thing that we're very aware of when we're looking at the forecast at the moment is the fact we've been through product transition, both good and bad. I mean 100-gig, we can see some upside, and we need to be careful about any (46:58) so we're taking a conservative view in that. That's the main areas. And then, the real stuff, which is just crossing the Is and – sorry, dotting the Is and crossing the Ts in terms of the core business looking at forecast, making sure we do face-to-face QVRs, that type of thing. Excuse me.
Matt Robison: Hey, thanks. So, I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more on the TCO benefits for Shuttle series. I'm trying to get my arms around what's going to stimulate an installed base upgrade cycle.
Matt Robison: Okay. So a part of it is, when you say offload that sounds like maybe you're pulling some wallet share from some other adjacent types of products. I know you've mentioned the SSL Intercept. But, are you talking about those kind of (28:33)
Matt Robison: So what you're really talking about is going back to what John said about running more modules on a given appliance...
Karl D. Triebes: Yeah, I mean – hi, this is Karl. Real quick, there's a few things. One is, typically every time we release new appliances, the new generation tends to be, on average, about two times to four times faster for the equivalent price points. And so, we certainly are moving forward in that direction with these. All of these appliances also now support FPGAs, all the way down the lineup. And so, as John mentioned in his script, we're going to be supporting these use case driven versions of these FPGAs for specific scenarios like security or other areas where you can optimize the platform depending on how you're going to use it. So, for example, with security, if you want to block, say, IP addresses, you can do that in hardware. Or for like private cloud scenarios and data centers, you'll be able to connect things transparently through the hardware versus doing it through having to balance everything through the CPU. So, you get not only benefits from just the back-end horsepower, but also from the ability to offload a lot of functionality into the hardware and the appliance.
Karl D. Triebes: No. We're offloading it from the CPUs, so we're not having to burn CPU cycles. So, you can do anything in software, but it's a question of performance. And by offloading certain functionality into the hardware of the system, we can really heavily optimize this. And by the way, this is – if you look at Intel's approach with their acquisition of Altera, they're taking the same approach where you can allow for optimization of hardware elements as well as software elements all on the same system. So...
Karl D. Triebes: Yeah. So, more functionality, more modules, more consolidation, more performance. The systems will also have more memory, so we can support higher concurrency limits. There's a lot of goodness with that architecture.
Karl D. Triebes: And just to add to that, just giving an example performance and functionality are critical, because we use the Gi firewall, for example. We're able to get in – one of the reasons we're able to get in there is that we can replace racks of gear with a much smaller footprint with a much higher TCO and so performance has to be there, the functionality has to be there, but those two go hand in hand.
Karl D. Triebes: Yeah. I was going to comment. We're significantly enhancing our security portfolio. I mean, centralized management, we didn't talk about that, but with BIG-IQ 5.0 our whole security or portfolio is now managed under one central controller. We can manage multiple hundreds of devices, tens of thousands of objects, things like that. So we're really expanding that. And then with the appliances the SSL Intercept John mentioned, the same thing with the DDoS as well as Carrier-Grade Firewall and some other things that we're planning in the future. We're significantly enhancing the capabilities at DDoS solution in addition to that, doing things like behavioral DDoS, being able to fingerprint, identify bad actors. We can leverage that for threat intelligence speeds, we have security analytics that we're building, and that'll be coming out as part of the solution. We've been significantly enhancing our identity and access management solution, which is our APM platform. We're adding some major new features in the next six months to that to enhance its federation and single sign-in capabilities. So there's just a lot going on on that portfolio that we just don't have time to talk about here at this venue. But there's a tremendous amount of focus from the teams on that.
