Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. In closing, we will continue doing everything in our power to mitigate supply chain impact for our customers. While supply chain is currently overshadowing the underlying strength of our business, we believe constraints will begin to abate as we move through the next several quarters. Our software and Software-as-a-Service app security and delivery solutions will drive our future growth and our long-term opportunity. We have created a portfolio and a roadmap that is well aligned with our customers’ strategic priorities. And because of that, we are more confident than ever in our position, our strategy and our long-term opportunity. With that, operator, we will open the call to Q&A.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Samik, it’s Francois. Thank you for the question. Let me start on the pricing. We have been generally philosophically quite cautious about pricing with our customers. That being said, we have seen, as you know, significant price increases in – sorry, significant cost increases. And we did affect the price increase in the last few months that was in the high single digits. And we will continue to review our cost and kind of refine our models and look at whether we need to do anything else in coming months. But we’re going to continuously review that in line with what we’re seeing from a component perspective. But we’ve already taken a first action in that area. As it relates to when things do get better, so based on conversations with our suppliers, Samik, all of this is really about the semiconductor supply chain. And it’s really a handful of strategic suppliers that we have. And we do have deep and broad conversations with them on a very regular basis, including executive to executive conversations to really address the challenges that they and us are facing. And based on these conversations, we expect them to have improvements in their capacity in the fourth calendar quarter of the year, which should translate to improvement in our revenue in the first calendar quarter of 2023, which would be our second fiscal quarter. We expect these improvements from them based upon their expectations of additional fab capacity. And what we’ve seen in terms of their consistent milestones around increasing that capacity. But we’re not sitting on our hands and waiting for just the suppliers to make improvements. We are also driving aggressive actions on our side to drive improvement. So what are we doing? First is we are continuing to shift demand to rSeries, which is our next-generation platform because we expect that platform to be less constrained than our iSeries platform. And from the field perspective in terms of customers taking on the rSeries platform, we are seeing, actually, excellent traction on this front because the value proposition of the platform, the price performance of the platform is just excellent. So we’re aggressively shifting demand to rSeries. We are increasing the velocity of qualifying alternative sources of supply for both platforms actually, so redesign and qualifying additional suppliers on these platforms to alleviate the supply shortages. And of course, we continue to make aggressive advanced purchases with our suppliers. We have been doing that for several quarters. But we continue to do that very aggressively and providing them a lot of visibility into our forecast for future quarters. So with these actions, as I said, we expect better supply in our fourth calendar quarter that would translate into the first calendar quarter of 2023 for improvement into our hardware revenue.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Let me start, Jim, with the latter part of your question around hardware, and then let’s go to software after that. So Jim, the reality is that there is so much constraints in the supply chain in the semiconductor supply chain today that our visibility into supply – into our supply is not very long-term. It’s actually very short-term. And so what we’re doing is giving you the best visibility that we have today, just like we did last quarter. We did not anticipate in our forecast – when we guided for the full year last quarter, we did not anticipate yet another significant deterioration in the availability of these semiconductor components and also the fact that the broker market has gone completely dry. And that’s why we have another step down in terms of our ability to ship for the full year. In providing the view for the full year here, Jim, we’ve looked to be appropriately conservative based upon what we know today. That’s not to tell you that there is zero risk in the numbers we’re giving you because, of course, those numbers rely on deliveries from our suppliers that are going to happen later this quarter and, of course, in Q4. So there is, of course, still some risk in the full year number. But we have looked to be appropriately conservative in how we’ve constructed it based upon all of the conversations and information we have from our suppliers. On the backlog, Jim, we don’t speak specifically to the backlog numbers. But of course, our backlog has grown again this quarter by multiple tens of millions of dollars. And if you look at our demand drivers, Jim, they’re pretty strong. So demand has remained strong. When we look at demand, we are on track at the first half of the year with what our plan was for the year. And so this is really a supply issue and not a demand issue. Let’s go to software and Frank is going to take that.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. No, I think that’s what Frank was talking to this a moment ago, that when you look back a bit, we guided to 35% to 40% growth, first of all, for our Horizon 2 going back at – in 2020. And we delivered 37% growth in fiscal 2021. We guided again to 35% to 40% growth this year. And in fact, we said we would get to the top end, near the top end of that range. And we’re on track to achieve that. We’ve always said, Amit that we weren’t looking at this on a quarter-to-quarter basis but more on an annual basis, in part because our software business is not just a ratable SaaS model that it does include term subscriptions. And therefore, there would be some variability quarter-to-quarter. We did say that we would see less variability quarter-to-quarter this year than we did last year, and we’re also on track to deliver against that. So there isn’t a different dynamic, if you will, in terms of the software business than what we have seen in the past. The renewals that you just referred to, the trends on these renewals are very, very encouraging as well as the true forward and the expansions on the agreements that we signed in the past. So we are generally very pleased with the software drivers we’re seeing.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. So let me start there. What we saw in our second fiscal quarter there, and I would say really kind of starting in February and beyond, is a slowdown of demand in Europe. We think – and it’s kind of accelerated a little bit into the last month of the quarter, which was in March. We think it is attributed to macroeconomic conditions, of course, the Ukraine-Russia war, even though our business in Russia is very small. So there is no really direct impact territorially. But in terms of the whole sentiment in Europe around inflation and potentially the economy slowing down, we think that has caused some customers to be a little more cautious, to scrutinize spend a little more and potentially to delay some orders that they would otherwise make. Now in the big scheme of things, we’re not talking about multiple tens of millions of dollars here. It’s effectively a smaller effect than that, but it was noticeable enough in our trends that we felt that we should point it out. In part because we don’t yet know how this will play out in Europe in coming quarters and whether – with the continuance of the conflict and more inflation, whether this will continue or – and to what extent. We also had a very strong demand in the Americas, in the enterprise space as well as for service providers overall. So that contrast a little bit with Europe.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And Alex, just your question about April, I think the pipeline for EMEA for Q3 actually looks better than what we saw in Q2. But we are cautious because of the macro environment in Europe directly.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. I’ll start. So we – just broadly speaking, we have not seen a hardware to software substitution in the business. And the reason for that is that when customers – for customers to move to software, generally, they have to have considerations from not just F5 but other providers in their environment. And generally, these other providers also have elongated lead times. They also have to have done some architectural work to move to a virtualized environment, which a number of customers haven’t done if they are still on hardware. So, they are not ready to move to software. And for those reasons, what we have seen is the majority of customers who have larger states on hardware, the lead time – the change in our lead times alone is not a factor that is moving them to software. Now, for those on the margins who can make that move, we are working aggressively with them to make that happen. But we have seen that to be a marginal – a very marginal phenomenon to-date. Whether that will change in the future, if our lead times continue to be elongated is yet to be seen. But we have not seen any meaningful hardware to software substitution to-date.
Francois Locoh-Donou: No, we don’t think demand is going away. Let me be clear about that. We have – we are seeing very strong demand. We haven’t seen any trend in any order cancellations in any form. We haven’t seen any loss of business to competitors because generally, other vendors also have challenges with the lead times. And despite all of the challenges that we are having, our lead times are worse than they used to be, but they are kind of in the mix with other folks there. And we continue to see strong demand from our customers across the board. So, we don’t think that our lead times and our challenges in shipping hardware right now are causing demand destruction, if you will. Going into next year, this is – we are not guiding yet to 2023. But of course, it’s going to be about how fast can we get back to shipping to demand. And with the visibility that we have right now, we think effectively, our fiscal Q1 is going to be more of the same. It may even be a low point in what we see from availability of supply to-date. We think we will start to see improvement in our second fiscal quarter for 2023. And our expectation is that we would be back to shipping to full demand in the back half of our fiscal 2023.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Let me start with the last part. Yes, the answer is yes. We made the decision to make our rSeries and a software that runs on iSeries that was compatible with iSeries several quarters ago and it’s serving us well today, because it’s shortly the qualification cycles of the rSeries relative to what it would have been in prior cycles. And so the qualification of rSeries with customers and also the demand is very strong, and we get the value proposition for this platform. This next generation platform plays well to our customers’ ability in terms of having both traditional and modern applications served by these platforms. In terms of the transition timeline, like we have always said it’s takes roughly six quarters to make that full transition. And so our expectation is we are going to continue to run rSeries. And by the time that we exit our fiscal 2023, we expect to be almost near 100% of serving the demand of our customers primarily with rSeries. And that will ramp through the next five quarters, six quarters. Your second question was about iSeries and rSeries constraints. So, right now, they both are constrained by semiconductor components. But we are shifting more of the demand to rSeries because we expect rSeries to be less constrained because it’s a newer platform going into the new year, because there are less parts effectively on rSeries that have these constraints than on iSeries. So, that’s why we are aggressively shifting the demand to rSeries. But we are also doing some work, of course, on iSeries to be able to continue to meet demand in the next few quarters for customers that really need to be on that platform for a number of reasons.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. rSeries is calendar Q4. iSeries, we should see some improvements in also calendar Q4 in terms of the supply we get there. However, going into the new calendar year, we will be continuing to shift to rSeries. So, rSeries will progressively become the majority of the – both the demand and the revenue and shipments.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think Victor, over the long-term we will continue to see customers rebalancing their environment to these multi-cloud environments. I think our belief system, which frankly, has been, I believe for the last several years is that, ultimately, the applications will land on the best infrastructure environment for the application. And in a lot of cases, that will be public cloud. In some cases, that will be a private cloud. And in a lot of cases, that will continue to be a traditional private data center in – with hardware environment. I don’t think that the current supply chain challenges will fundamentally alter that future destination and that future distribution of applications. And so – and we also can see it from the customer behavior that we are seeing today. I think for customers that really need capacity for their applications and can’t get hardware, the best way – the best plan B, if you will, for that is to move to F5’s software on virtual machine. But to do that, of course, customers need to also have the servers available. And those also have elongated lead times in a number of cases. And – but moving to a cloud, a public cloud, is an entirely different kind of architectural consideration. And it takes planning. It takes quite a bit of time. And so we don’t think that the supply chain challenges are particularly accelerating a move to the public cloud. But generally, we think the destination for all of our customers is multi-cloud. Most of our customers are already in multi-cloud environments. And we intend to – and we have designed our portfolio to serve them for these multi-cloud environments.
Francois Locoh-Donou: I think customers who – maybe for greenfield environment, Victor, where customers are just deploying new workloads if they could do a virtualized environment and they have either the servers in-house available or they could use F5 software in the public cloud, which maybe thousands of our customers do that today, that would be a way to get to where they want to be faster. That’s – I would say that’s a minority of situations today. But it’s a possibility for customers that are not sort of building greenfield environments.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. And well, in terms of customer behavior, we have seen both. So, some of our customers are – who have – I guess who are planning ahead and have the means to plan ahead and order ahead, we have started to see their behavior move to ordering well ahead to take into account the extended lead times. But at the same time, we also see other customers who are pushing out and delaying orders in part to create leverage and say, “Hey, I will place the next order once you have shipped the order that I placed a few months back.” And so when we net out those two behaviors, we landed about the same place, which is demand is kind of where we expected it to be and it continues to be strong. What we are not seeing is lost demand due to supply chain delays. And that’s been the trend for the last several quarters, including this last quarter.
Francois Locoh-Donou: So, let me just clarify that. The entire – you are right about $60 million last quarter. And the additional down guide this quarter, all of that is linked to specialty semiconductor components. Now, some of that is networking chipsets. And we also have challenges with semiconductor components that are not specifically networking chipset, but they are more on the power side and power distribution, power shaping type of components. And it’s the combination of all of that that’s causing the delays in shipments and therefore the delays in revenues.
Francois Locoh-Donou: No, our partners and distributors and resellers and our key partners and systems integrators, they continue to be a really important part of our ecosystem. And part of what we have wanted to do as we have moved to software is embark them on that journey with F5 such that the transformation of F5 towards a software-centric business model can also benefit their model. And a number of them are – actually, frankly, some of them were ahead of us and were part of helping us accelerate our own transformation. But we are seeing that a number of them have embraced these new models and have found great ways to add a ton of value to our customers software-centric model. And in fact, that has contributed to our software growth over the last several quarters. So, no, we are going to continue with a partner-centric model, and we are going to continue to innovate with our partners to bring great software solutions to our customers.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Jim, so on the software number, obviously, we do not sort of guide and a mix on any given quarter. And if you go back in time to the first half of – well, if you go back to Analyst Day in November of 2020 and we talked about software guidance in that 35% to 40% range. And after the second – the first quarter, we had 70%. In the second quarter, we had 20%. And there was a lot of question marks around would we ever be able to make that 35% to 40% range, and we ended up at 37% for the year. We talked about it at the beginning of this year that there was going to be less volatility and variability in that number. I think last quarter, it was 47%. This quarter, it was 40%. But there’s no dynamic to speak of, a mix shift or any other factor. It was an easier comp. But we do think about this number of growth in terms of an annual basis certainly not on a quarterly basis. We are quite happy with where we’ve ended in the first half and continue to expect perform in the second half to be near the top end of our 35% to 40% range.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. So, why don’t I start and then I’ll turn it over to Francois? So on the operating margin side, I think what we said for the past two quarters is that our expense plan has not changed, and largely, that is absolutely true. If you take a look at where the expected point of operating expenses in relation to that 8% to 9% original growth rates that we had in the model and where we also had our gross margin expectations, that would lead to just sort of the expectation of what we have for operating expenses for the full year. And so the run-rate for that 32% to 33% is exactly what we talked about at the beginning of the year and what we would need. What we have seen is a shortfall in the hardware number because of the supply chain constraints. But because they are temporary, we don’t think it’s right to change the operating expenses to potentially hinder our longer-term growth trajectory of the business. And so that’s why we have not changed the operating model.
Frank Pelzer: And Alex, I do have to add this is where you start to see or you may not see the clearest picture in terms of demand of bookings versus just recognized revenue because of the constraints that we have in hardware. And so normally, in quarters before, there would be a tight link. But when we take a look at where some of the bigger backlog of activity was happening, it was more in the Americas that got shipped out in the quarter associated with the revenue recognition of that systems which is going to skew this number a little bit more.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. So the answer to your first question is no, there’s no specific activity. I mean as a whole, Europe probably is slightly higher weighted towards hardware and APAC slightly towards hardware in bookings than some of the other businesses but it’s not dramatic. I think what you will see is just where we’ve got more backlog and the aging of that backlog. That’s some of the first things that will get shipped out and will skew some of these hardware numbers and the overall revenue by geo number until we get fully caught up on some of these supply chain constraints. And so as we talked about last quarter, we are trying to get a very much take a customer-centric view towards meeting this demand with the limited supply that we’ve got. And that is going to just skew these numbers a little bit. We did point out because of some of the delays of bookings that we saw in EMEA particularly in month 3, when you had the geopolitical concerns really creep up, that’s what we saw. We wanted to point that out on the demand side of the equation, too.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Jim, why don’t I start and then if Francois has got anything to add, by all means, please do. So, Francois sort of laid it out in a couple of questions ago on where we see the hardware side of the business over the next, call it, three quarters to four quarters to five quarters. And we think that largely the operating margin is going to ramp back up along with that shipment of hardware back to where we get to our Rule of 40. But in the immediacy of the – certainly, over the next couple of quarters, we are going to be below that 37% – or the 27% to 28% mark that we had set. And a lot of that is largely due to the step-down in our gross margins that are impacting as well as the less revenue coming from our systems business. And so those combinations are putting pressure on the operating margin in the near-term, but we do expect to get back to our Rule of 40 operating plan when we work our way through some of these supply chain constraints.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Rod, I will start on that one. So look, I think as we lay it out in our models, the lower point on the hardware side is likely not near-term as in Q4, Q1 as we see the continued pressures that we have experienced for the past couple of quarters continue on. I think Francois noted some of the green shoots that will be coming in calendar Q4 that will start to impact and ramp up for us in calendar Q1 of ‘23. And you will start to see that improvement. But on the systems side, I don’t think the low point is this quarter. I think the low point is more in Q4 or Q1 of ‘23.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Let me start on the DSO side, and then I will let Francois pick up the first one, Rod. So, no changes at all. This is purely a factor of when we were – a lot of leading up to this quarter had been a lot of the shipments and therefore, the billing going out for that hardware earlier on in the quarter. And in this quarter, it was a little bit more in month three. And so just by nature of the AR balance going up, that’s the DSO calculation. There is nothing in terms of any dynamic to see there. It’s just more a function of that AR balance going up on things that are in the legitimate net 30-day window cycle. So, nothing there.
