Manny Rivelo: There might be two questions in there. From a product perspective, we have approximately two major software releases a year. We just had one that came out in August. We see that being material throughout the course of this year. We'll have a second software release that comes out here near the second half of the year. We also, I referred to Product Refresh which is basically our hardware product refresh. We made a commitment to refresh that approximately every three years and we're at that turning point. We see that happening toward the later part of this year, also, more in the Q3, later Q4 timeframe. From a sales initiative perspective, what I will comment on and John, if you want to add to that afterwards, is really as we continue to expand into the new markets, whether it be security or service provider, we're continuing to specialize our sales organizations in those areas. Some of the initiatives are how we continue to specialize our sales teams, as well as our channel organization, to better capture the emerging opportunities there
Manny Rivelo: To answer the second question on the competitive environment, if you look at the history of F5 we've had a lot of competitors over the years. We assume we're going to continue to see competitors popping up over the years. Although we have been winning market share this past year at a significant rate and we've been winning our fair share of Cisco ACE accounts, we think there's still room for improvement there. We'll be working hard, we have programs in place, we have technology refresh cycles. We have integration with our partner ecosystems on cloud. SDN as an example to ensure that we continue to gain market share in the market. But we do have a healthy market share right now, approximately 50% of the market and we been growing aggressively as I stated, our virtual instances and is Karl pointed out, one of our fast-growing parts of our business.
Manny Rivelo: Just to add something, we're seeing lots of use cases that are multi-cloud environments which are customers that not only have their own data centers have workloads that are running potentially in AWS but also in rack space or Azure and they're using all that infrastructure, if you will, to run their application environments and giving choice to their customers usually in lines of business or where they want to deploy those services. Part of the reason why we wanted to make it easy for customers to understand that we're in those markets and that's why we have launched the F5 Ready program, because those are cloud buyers that we certified our solutions and are making it easy to deploy our application services in.
Manny Rivelo: It should be a FY '16 and going on hopefully to FY '17. We just formed it. It's hot off the press, here, if you will. It's 30 days or so ago. We're seeing great traction in the field from a go-to-market momentum. Our sales organization -- we just had our America's QVR earlier this week and it came out repeatedly from the sales leadership of good traction in the field and good engagement. We anticipate it will be material in FY '16 and carry forward from a solutions perspective. We have very complementary set of technologies in the two companies with different little overlap, as a result of that, that creates a very fluid and natural sales motion, since our sales organizations can provide a better solution together and there's no real conflict on where the revenue will come from.
Manny Rivelo: We've actually integrated our solution and our programmability. The iApps for Office 365 to Karl's point to make it easy for customers to deploy single sign-on of those services. So it's a planned opportunity for our customer base and for us.
Manny Rivelo: Let me add a couple of things. Part of it, I think, is we're seeing some of the macro as we talked about, that's impacted us in certain geographies around the world. And that's been significant. The second thing we have seen is some of the lumpiness in service provider business which in certain quarters has been very solid, but this last quarter was down, relative to other quarters. It hasn't been one specific thing. It's actually been a series of things throughout the years that has continued to create that deceleration. But there's no question that there is also some pause in the market, as these network transitions begin to occur. Whether it be SDN and how SDN plays out in the enterprise, how cloud also plays out in the enterprise from a hybrid perspective and then the service provider arena, how things like NFV play out and whether -- how quickly they move in those arenas. Some of this is just caution on the customers, as they redesign their new architectures. But we're not seeing any significant loss as we look at our win-loss data on an ongoing basis. So we think as we continue to further our technology solutions there, as the market continues to harden and adopt those new architectures, that we should see favorable second half of FY '16.
Manny Rivelo: The answer is yes to both of those. We always are looking at M&A from the perspective looking at logical adjacencies, but it's got to be adjacencies that fit to our core footprint. We're pretty well grounded on focusing on being application centric and application fluent, providing either user services on the user side of the proxy and/or application services on the application kind of the proxy. As we can introduce M&A to enhance that portfolio, as well as the road map, we will do that throughout the course of this coming year and future years. It's something that we're aggressively looking at and will continue to look at. But it's got to be core to the business we do, we're not looking for an adjacency that doesn't give us the synergies that we have with our distribution, meaning the direct sales organization in our channels.
Manny Rivelo: It's the same thing. We have really good fidelity via sales force of the pipeline. We've always had that discipline and it's something that John's carrying throughout the organization. We see that to be healthy, to be perfectly honest you. We have good visibility of projects that are out there. Some of them are longer term projects, but definitely have good visibility to that, meaning the service provider tends be longer-term projects. It's just about being a little more conservative on the close rates, based on the uncertainties that we see, macro as well as currency fluctuations.
Manny Rivelo: Visibility has not changed, we still see good momentum across the four solution sets we provide out there. It just tends to be a much more project-oriented-driven. So we had a couple of large deals but over the course of Q2, Q3, those are being absorbed by some of the service providers. We anticipate additional repeat business, because they tend to be healthy and happy customers.
Manny Rivelo: We're also, one last point there, is we're also doing performance improvement on our Virtual Edition. So it's not just the hardware that you see greater performance across the suite of products, you will see us continue to provide industry-leading performance.
Manny Rivelo: To answer the second part of the service provider business, there are four primary solutions we provide the service provider market. One is Gi LAN services, we're seeing nice growth on that. Commented on that. Second is security which we saw strong momentum throughout the course of the year, with specifically U.S. carriers and the third is NFV which is although early, proof of concept. The fourth one is actually Traffix from a solution perspective. On that one, we're seeing relatively modest revenue, to be honest. And in the overall scheme of things on what we anticipate, as that traffic grows, diameter signaling over the course of the next couple of years here, as 4G continues to be deployed and hopefully 5G in the future and we're, of course, where we've deployed that technology, we're seeing great project rollouts and happy customers. So we anticipate future business.
Karl Triebes: I'll add to that. One good data point here, by the way, this is Karl speaking, is that our software versions of our products are the fastest-growing part of our business right now. And that's what we're using to support effectively this hybrid cloud focus. There's a number of areas that we address holistically with this. One of the key ones, like Manny mentioned, is the ability to have this portability between clouds and the data center. And consistent policies. And with consistent policies, what they mean by that is both security as well as access policies. As part of our latest release and core to our products is the ability to provide this federated access, so that we can find in both public and private as well as traditional data centers, including SaaS-based applications, as well. The other components are things like customers want to be able to have capacity augmentation with the cloud. To be able to do that of course, you need to have these consistent policies and we provide that. Security services is a key area. They need to have auditability and the ability to have that consistency between what they are doing on prem and off prem and provide consistent services and all that. So there's a number of things that we do there. If you look at our latest release, in fact, we added a lot of other key features that made us operate much better in some of the biggest public clouds, like Azure and AWS. We've been there for quite a while. There's definitely an opportunity and we're innovating quickly, working towards that, because that's where our customers are taking us.
Karl Triebes: You asked to question about AWS and do we see that as a net opportunity. That is absolutely the case. We've been running there for quite some time we're enhancing our communities and we're seeing substantial growth in our business there. We see that as a growth opportunity and expansion opportunity. Like I said earlier, the number-one thing customers talk about who are moving to public clouds is this notion of being able to not be locked that they have portability and they can move and we help enable that with our application services.
Karl Triebes: I will add, OpenStack is actually where we're seeing a lot of interest and momentum especially with the service providers, when looking at NFV, actually as well as enterprise. That's I think the third leg of that SDN stool, is that we're making good progress with both VMware and Cisco, but OpenStack is definitely top of mind for many companies or service providers out there right now. And obviously, we're supporting that very aggressively, as well.
Karl Triebes: It's all pretty early days right now. A lot of this is still proof of concept, so it's very nascent with the customers, but it's hard to say at this point.
Karl Triebes: Absolutely. This is Karl again. If you look at things like being able to provide federated access to the applications, that's one of our major use cases for Office 365. In fact, we're an Office 365 shop here at F5. And Microsoft has been a major partner of ours for many years, as part of that. We have major use cases around, but also other types of security as well as optimization for them. We're obviously part of the Azure cloud.
Karl Triebes: I was going to add, we're not seeing any deceleration in the hardware. For example we're getting a lot of push right now on 100-gig interfaces and those are coming here soon for us, but we've definitely see a shift the last couple of quarters in terms of customers really wanting to adopt these much higher bandwidth interfaces which means they need the bigger higher-performance hardware to support those. It's not something that works well moving to a cloud type environment for those customers. And then also, as Manny mentioned earlier in his script, we're working aggressively on the appliance refresh which again later next year or later this year, excuse me, we expect to start seeing -- rolling those platforms out. And those bring again significant new performance and capabilities including things like 2 to 3X performance improvements, 100-gig interfaces, 40-gig and everything down the line, being able to support our FPGA-based architecture right down to the lowest cost platform. We'll be bringing out a lot of new things with those platforms and we expect a good demand when they do show up.
Karl Triebes: I should mention, we did a demo of a 40-gig VE with our partner Intel at Intel IDF here earlier this year. And we expect to be able to achieve much higher performance levels going into next year. It was just a demo, but it just shows where we're able to take our software.
Karl Triebes: I'll just add a couple of points to that real quick. Also, on big IP, we handle a significant amount of signaling traffic, so we help scale sip and diameter and other aspects of the control plane natively with it. And again as Manny mentioned, our security services, we're seeing good adoption at major Tier 1 carriers throughout the world, including MSOs. It just takes time for them to install, integrate and then expand their infrastructure with those and so we're still on that side of the curve right now. But definitely good feedback, definitely have these things in full production to move forward.
Andy Reinland: Ryan, you know us. We don't guide product and services separately, but our number one goal is to drive product revenue and that is our focus and we know that pulls the services along with it. Our initiatives and focus are all pointed towards product revenue growth.
Andy Reinland: As Manny mentioned and I mentioned as well, Latin America is an area, foreign currency fluctuations there really affecting budgets and people's comfort level with committing funds. Canada, we saw weakness there. There are pockets in Europe, Eastern Europe, southern. When I commented on lingering issues, those areas haven't improved and we've seen that for a long period of time. The growth rates there just are not as strong as we'd like them to be. Some areas of APAC similar to that.
Andy Reinland: There is no real change in terms of sales motion or how we go about giving the renewals there that really drive the deferred revenue. We're being much more aggressive going after multi-year deals and so we have seen our long-term element of the deferred revenue grow. I think it was approaching 27%. Or 23%, sorry. A lot of the customers want to lock in their pricing for multiple years. We're taking advantage of that and pushing to those agreements. We're also pushing very hard for premium-plus type services and have been having success with that. We see that as key strategically for us, because we know if they buy premium-plus services that relationship is just that much stronger and it does lead to more hardware sales. We put a big focus on that.
Andy Reinland: I think it's the latter. When you look at total pipeline, affecting how that ebbs and flows, that can be deceiving. When we're looking at the factored pipeline, we feel good about the business. And that factored into how we give guidance. But the latter, the issues that we highlighted with foreign currency impacting deal decisions and timing of deals, some of the macro stuff that Manny alluded to, where we saw some service provider deals slip, those kinds of things just make us want to be cautious, in particular in our Q1.
Andy Reinland: As you highlighted for the last three years, we have basically laid out that because of the seasonality of our business and our desire to keep investing and not slow down the momentum we have in the first half, we targeted mid-30s growing in the latter half and you're absolutely right. Some of the things we've been able to do over the last year that we looked at, we introduced Silverline. That came at a cost of some of the margin, we put that into the gross margin, so building out the socks that we build out and we were able to do that and maintain our gross margin. As we have long stated, our strategy is to leverage the gross margin to invest in the business where we think it will help drive revenue. If we go back two years ago, we said we wanted to make investment in consulting which we did. Now we were able to do that and maintain margin and we see those consultants driving business for us. That's how we have executed and it's working for us and we want to continue that. And as always with our disciplined management approach, we will watch it and adjust as we need to. That's how we want to see it lay out.
