François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Jason. I'd like to begin by echoing my welcome to everyone on this call. Thank you for joining us today. I'm thrilled to be taking the helm of F5, a company that represents such a strong platform for growth and innovation. My confidence in F5 has only been bolstered by the time I have spent with our teams, our customers and our partners this past month. Part of the major appeal of joining F5, in the first place, was its broad array of industry-leading products that customers love and its long record of successful execution in both sales and service. But I can say that my early insight into F5's position is also defined by the technical depth of talent and world-class operations and systems that I see here. I have the luxury of a fresh perspective to see just how deep the passion and loyalty run at F5. And I say that coming from Ciena, where the team's focus rivals F5 in terms of innovation and customer service. Beyond the company's core assets and its people, F5's core expertise in application services is a critical differentiator. With the speed at which this digital economy runs, the number of business-critical applications and the services they need will only increase. This insatiable demand for more applications and more application services bodes very well for F5. Because we stand in front of more applications than any other company in the industry, we understand better than anyone how to make those applications perform and how to secure them. In the near term, I intend to build on the foundation laid during John McAdam's tenure as CEO, and my immediate priority is maintaining our focus on the plans outlined in last November's Analyst and Investor Meeting. Those execution priorities are closely aligned with my own view of trends in customer demands and the opportunities ahead. Specifically, we will continue to expand the breadth of application services, including security, that we offer our customers. And we will accelerate our efforts to make our solutions easily deployable in the combinations our customers choose: in the public cloud, private cloud, co-location facilities and our own cloud-based platform, Silverline, as well as in the data center. I want to conclude by thanking the global F5 team, partners and customers for their incredibly warm welcome in my first month on board. And in the months to come, I look forward to connecting with F5's wider analyst and investor community, as well as reacquainting myself with those of you with whom I have worked in the past. I'd now like to turn the call over to Andy for a review of our second quarter.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Jayson. Well, sort of early observations. As I said it in my prepared remarks, really, really excited to be here. And I thought before joining and even more now that F5 has a very significant opportunity and has a big platform for growth, largely because of this insatiable demand for applications. And that sort of application networking talent here and understanding around what it takes to make applications perform better, go faster, be more secure, that talent and that understanding is unparalleled. And so, really for us the focus and the things that I want to make sure we execute on is, making sure we remain in the critical path of applications wherever they are, private cloud, public cloud, data centers. And the company has already started executing on that. But there's a ton of things that we can do to even expand the number of applications that we support. As an example of that, just yesterday we were meeting with one of our large Fortune 500 customers. They have over 4,000 applications, and we're only sitting and supporting a fraction of those applications. And as they move to both their private cloud and some public cloud implementation, we've got an opportunity to expand the number of applications that we support for that customer. And so, I'm really excited about that opportunity. And then, the other access of potential growth for us is expanding the number of application services that we offer. Security is one of them. And we've already made a lot of headway in adding security capabilities to the ADC, but there are other things that we can do. And so, I see those two areas are important vectors for the company. And the priority right now is to make sure that we execute on these vectors.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Simon. It's François here. So you're correct, in that we have made some enhancements to the ADC platform that include a number of security offerings. If you look at our overall revenue growth, we had actually very strong growth, let's say, north of double-digit year-on-year growth in the security space overall in our portfolio in the second quarter. And that's primarily driven by security add-ons that we've put on top of the ADC platform. The Herculon product is just out in the market now. It's really early days. So we don't expect it to have really meaningful contribution for several quarters. And you're right, it is effectively our first family of purpose-built platform for security. And so, there's an element of learning in the market that we're going through over the next few quarters. But we also believe that it addresses an important pain point and a growing pain point for a number of our customers. So longer term, we actually think we have a very compelling proposition, and that there's going to be strong demand for the platform. It's really early days for us to quantify the contribution it will make to the business overall.
François Locoh-Donou: So this is François here. Well, on the macro issues, yeah, I think it's several months because, as you know, these macro issues, there's both issues around data residency and sort of regulation that's being passed in Europe. There has also been macro issues around the political environment. And as you know, we're going through, specifically in Continental Europe, a number of elections. And a number of large projects, frankly, have been delayed because the uncertainty surrounding these elections is probably greater than it's ever been in Continental Europe. So that I think kind of works itself through as we get the results of these elections and the political uncertainty goes away. In terms of the things that we control which are more around the sort of realignment of our resources with the right opportunities, as John was saying, we have some things in motion already. But you probably know this and I know this with experience having spent a lot of time in Europe that these issues take a long time to fix, because they're not – moving resources in Europe isn't as simple and straightforward as it might be here in the United States.
François Locoh-Donou: And, Mark, as it relates to AWS, we're confident we can continue to grow over time and actually maintain or grow share. If you look at the dynamics in the marketplace, the overall ADC market is growing, the hardware ADC market is probably flat to down, whilst the virtual ADC market is growing fairly rapidly. Within the growth of the virtual ADC market, there are use cases that potentially are best addressed by a simple implementation with the AWS solution. So if a small enterprise has a single use case that doesn't require a lot of application services, but just simple load balancing, then that's a scenario where there's a good fit for a WAF-type solution. But there are a large number of use cases in the virtual ADC space that are well addressed by our Virtual Edition, and we're seeing actually very significant revenue growth on our Virtual Edition and generally in software as a percentage of our revenues in general. So we're pretty confident that with what we've done and a number of the things we talked about today in terms of our road map, that we're going to continue to see growth in our Virtual Edition, included in a number of use cases in the public and private cloud. So we're pretty confident that we address a large number of use cases, and we can continue to grow.
François Locoh-Donou: Thanks, George. And, hi. So let me start with capital allocation. Look, I think, I will start by saying that we see a great opportunity for F5 as a platform for growth and, therefore, we're going to manage the business for long-term growth. And as we do that, that may or may not require a change in how we allocate capital going forward. At this stage, it's too early to say whether that may or may not be the case. But for the short-term, there isn't going to be a change in our capital allocation model, that – I can say that definitively. When it comes to M&A, George, as you know, I come from experience with an organization that has been quite acquisitive over the years. And from my experience, M&A actually can be very effective for growth in the technology space. And a number of these opportunities can help a company a lot, but they can also go very wrong under the right circumstances. So, for me, it is going to be all about discipline in the case of M&A, really being disciplined about our build versus buy choices, really understanding why in some cases certain assets may be more valuable inside of F5 than outside of F5, and making sure that we have the right expertise in the company both to assess these opportunities and to make them successful if and when we pull the trigger on some acquisitions.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Alex, I think we can say that the three areas that you've mentioned, security, software/virtual additions and public cloud, are all growing faster than our overall revenues. In this case of security, I did mention earlier that we saw very strong double-digit growth in the quarter. In the case of the public cloud, I think we've said before, it is actually growing even faster than security, but from a very small base to start with. But I actually have some color for you, Alex, having been here just a few weeks. One of the areas of surprise for me was – a pleasant surprise – was to see how much we, as a company, are already doing in the public cloud on the various models, perpetual licenses, subscription, also the number of customers buying our Virtual Edition by the drink (47:44) as a utility, by the hour. And the number of hours we're billing in the public cloud is growing extremely rapidly. So these are all areas of growth with – right now, some more meaningful than others. I'd say, probably of these three overall software, as you know, as a percentage of our business is pretty large. So that's a meaningful contribution. Public cloud isn't yet a meaningful contribution. And security is growing and kind of in between those two.
John D. DiLullo: Well, this is John DiLullo, so we have a very experienced team there. And I think they're doing well, but we're definitely seeing a few delays in a couple of areas. I think some of that is connected to some macro conditions. People are trying to understand exactly what it means, what Brexit means, from a data residency perspective and then, also, some of the new data protection regulations that are coming out. And I think that's pausing things for us and that's what's causing a bit of the delay there in order flow. And we have a couple of execution problems too that we're working through. We've put some new leadership in the UK and in Germany. And we're doing a lot more to map the teams to some of the public cloud growth opportunities out there, and also doing a lot more training. But I think we're making progress.
John D. DiLullo: Yeah. On the public cloud, Jess. I think what we're seeing is that customers are at varying stages of their cloud adoption strategy, where when customers haven't made their decision on public cloud migrations or really their architectural decisions, and they're a little bit hesitant. That's not as good for us. When they have made their decisions and they are actually embarking on a cloud strategy, then we're seeing multiple catalysts for us. In fact, we've done some analysis around that. And we're seeing that those customers who have moved to the public cloud that were F5 customers before actually tend to spend more with us once they've made those moves. So that's kind of a catalyst for us. Silverline is a catalyst for us as our own proposition in the cloud. So we're seeing sort of multiple catalysts emerge. But really, for us, it's really good when customers have made their architectural decision and they actually have moved to the cloud. That's when things accelerate for us.
John D. DiLullo: Yeah. Jim, it's John DiLullo. So I think it's definitely under control and some of these macro issues feel more like pauses rather than systemic issues. The team that we have there is a very experienced team that was setting records just four, five quarters ago. So we think it's a temporary collection of macro elements that we need to work through.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. I'm not sure conservatism is the word I'd use on this, because I think we've been talking with the sales organization, evaluating the pipeline, looking at the business. We've highlighted this for a number of quarters now. This really isn't a new dynamic for us. And I think taking it all in collectively, we looked at the picture that we thought we could expect from the business at this time and factored that into the guidance. And that's resulted in the guidance we gave you today.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah, Jess. And you might have to help me if I miss one of your questions, but I think you started with linearity. And actually, early in the quarter, we felt pretty good about our start in January. As we got through the first month, we felt pretty good about it and then started to see it taper off. It was similar to the prior quarter, in that middle month kind of pull back and then landed okay, I would put it. And then, to your question on our product refresh. One thing we talk about a lot is the uptake in the product refresh, and I think at times we don't draw the conclusion we want you to draw when we make these comments, because we talk about – in the first full quarter, we want to see roughly 25% and we see that increasing over four quarters to 80%. And so, when does that really kick in for us is a driver? And if we look back historically, really it's when we start to get into the higher percentages of the sales being represented by those new appliances that we really see the full driver. So we did feel we saw some good wins this quarter and it did impact the product revenue growth that we saw. But we think we're going to see that get through Q3 and start to build after that.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. So on the average deal size; I think last quarter we were at right around $110,000. This quarter it moved up a little bit, $125,000. So one of the things that is giving us confidence is seeing the average deal size move up a little bit. But our $1 million plus size deals were actually pretty strong across the rest of the world. And when we evaluate our business, that's an important metric for that. And then, for cloud.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. Specifically, my in-line was the uptick of the appliances in sales. So not necessarily the – I don't know that I can verify your 20%. I mean it definitely did, when it got to full steam, drive very solid revenue growth. And so, when we look at it internally, we look at the uptick and start to watch when it gets – we're in the second quarter, it's in line in terms of percent with what we've seen previously. Your comment's very fair, it was more elongated before. So we're trying to factor that in and then looking at how it's going to drive product. And as I said, we have our guidance and we think we'll see that really start to kick in as we exit Q3.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. Well, you have our guidance for June, right? So I'm going to let that stand as it is. Then, I think as we go into Q4, which is our calendar Q4, has its own dynamics. And I think we'll see it play in there. And then really as we expand out 18 months to 24 months and if you look historically, that's when we've seen it be a real strong driver.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. We always talk about that as software becomes more prominent in our business, that naturally is going to carry up to gross margin. Historically, we've looked look at that as an opportunity to derive top line growth. Probably the most prominent example recently is investments in Silverline. And I think we'll continue to do that and balance that trade-off of investment against higher gross margin.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. I think specifically what we say, and this on the October call, is we gave general guidelines of guidance. And we have said pretty consistently over the last three or four years that we expect op margin with seasonality to pull back in Q1 and Q2, because it's important for us to not slow the machine down on our investing and head count to try to overly – I'll use the term overly manage op margin. And then, on strength of revenue see that increase in the back half. So I believe that plays out on revenue strength again. And you have our guidance, as I said, for Q3. And then, we'll give guidance for Q4 and see where that takes us.
Andrew Reinland: And this is Andy. Just one thing to add that we're not seeing – and I think it's important to highlight and was within John's comments was, the competitive landscape there for us hasn't changed. And obviously with the comments we're putting out here just around the theater, I mean we spend a lot of time talking with sales management making sure we understand what's going on. And the one area that we came away feeling good about is, competitively we feel as strong as ever. And that's why John was highlighting that we saw deals pushing, not deals losing. And we think that's important to highlight. So we are readdressing everything from the structure, and how we're aligning resources and the view of the market coming through in our guidance, but I think that's worth highlighting on a positive note.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. Yeah. So I'll take the first part of that question, which is our view on growth and product. And, yes, if you back into our guidance with what we give you, that might look like it's pulling back a little bit. But, broadly, we think we're going to be pushing hard on the top line and we think we have every opportunity with the drivers we have in place. We're talking about the Shuttle series and a lot of the other products. Our viewpoint is not that. I wouldn't comment on next year, up or down, but we believe we're a growth company. At our scale, what does that mean? We'll see. We provide guidance quarterly, but that's our number one priority to push the top line, and we're going to focus on execution and work to make that happen.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. I think, generally, we look at the broader trends that we're seeing across software security. François highlighted that our security had strong growth year-over-year, continue to expect that from software. We're not going to guide it specifically, but the trends are there and we like what we're seeing. And as it relates to gross margin, we talked about it a little bit earlier. Yeah, it could push up gross margin. We're not guiding that. We talk a lot about reinvesting that back in the business, and we'll continue to evaluate that on a quarterly basis as we see the opportunity present itself to us. But, broadly, the trends are there going in the right direction, and we like where we sit.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. And actually the way to look at this is, we're modeling it is, sequentially it was basically flat, up $0.5 million. We think off of this new base we start to go to more normal growth rates again. And really the driver to that is, we did end of life a number of older boxes. I think they averaged over 7 years old and they did have strong attach rates to them, still renewal rates. The impact of it, frankly, I just – I missed the modeling on it and the impact was bigger than I anticipated. So that's where we ended up.
Andrew Reinland: Yeah. I don't think we're going to see anything in the short-term, and we'd advise you of that. I would highlight surrounding this discussion that our deferred revenue was pretty strong in the quarter. So we saw that go up 10%, and the majority of that is annual maintenance. So I would look at that too to balance the expectations. But as I said, when we started, we now think, off of this new base, it's a bit of reset, but we're going to start sequentially growing again at least in rough dollar basis consistent with what you've seen in the past.
