Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Results for the third quarter of fiscal 2013 came in above our expectations. Revenue for the quarter was $370.3 million, up 6% sequentially and 5% year-over-year, and above our guided range of $355 million to $365 million. GAAP EPS was $0.86 per share, above our guidance of $0.80 to $0.83 per share. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.12 per share, also above our guidance of $1.06 to $1.09 per share. For the third quarter of fiscal 2013, product revenue of $196.7 million represented 53% of total revenue, up 6% sequentially and down 5% from Q3 last year. Service revenue of $173.6 million grew 5% from the prior quarter and 19% year-over-year, and accounted for 47% of revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. Revenue from our Application Delivery Networking business was $366.8 million, and revenue from our ARX file virtualization business was $3.5 million. By region, the Americas represented 58% of total revenue, up 6% versus Q3 2012. EMEA contributed 21%, a 4% increase year-over-year; APAC accounted for 15% of revenue, up 7% from a year ago; and Japan was 6% of revenue, down 7% from Q3 2012. During Q3, the financial vertical accounted for 22% of total sales; telco was 21%; technology, 16%; U.S. federal government was 4% of sales, with total government accounting for 13%. Three of our distributors each contributed more than 10% of revenue in Q3. Ingram Micro accounted for 15.6%, Avnet accounted for 13.9% and Westcon accounted for 11.2%. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 82.5%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.5%. GAAP operating expenses of $201.3 million were within our guided range. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $176.3 million, also within our guided range. Our GAAP operating margin in Q3 was 28.1%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 35.9%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.3%, and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.9%. On the balance sheet, cash flow from operations in Q3 was $126.2 million, and we ended the quarter with $1.27 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q3 was 50 days. Inventories at quarter end were $18.3 million. Deferred revenue grew to $519.8 million, up 20% from a year ago. We repurchased approximately 633,000 shares of our common stock in Q3 at an average price of $78.90 per share, for a total of $50 million. Total headcount at quarter end was approximately 3,185 employees, a net increase of 30 from the prior quarter. Now for our Q4 outlook. During the third quarter, revenue and earnings exceeded our guidance and our internal expectations despite continuing softness in the global economy. While we aren't assuming a material improvement in the macro environment in the near term, we believe there are a number of drivers specific to our business that will enable us to grow. With this in mind, we have set a revenue target in the range of $378 million to $388 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 83% range, including approximately $2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. During Q4, GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $199 million to $206 million. This includes approximately $19.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. I want to call out that our Q4 anticipated stock-based comp expense is considerably lower than both our Q3 expense and lower than our expected run rate going forward. To better align our annual review process for employees and our annual award date for RSU grants, we have chosen to move the award date from August 1 to November 1. This results in this lower expense in Q4 and a higher expense for Q1. We will give guidance for Q1 on our next call, as usual. Also included in our GAAP operating expense target is an expected onetime $2.5 million charge related to the extension of certain subleases at our corporate headquarters. As this charge is nonrecurring in nature, it will also be excluded from our Q4 non-GAAP results. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 37%, and we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.93 to $0.96 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.17 to $1.20 per diluted share. We plan to increase our headcount by over 150 net adds during the quarter. We estimate DSOs will be in the upper 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $18 million to $20 million, and we expect cash flow from operations in excess of $130 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: So what we've seen so far, and this speaks to what Manny was saying, is that when we do sell software, via ADCs, a lot of times, the revenue difference is made up in multiple versions of the software version. So we haven't seen a big difference. We have seen stronger gross margin because a big component of that is software. But at least to date, as we've looked at it, it's been fairly neutral.
Andy Reinland: Yes, that's -- actually, if you go back to Q1, we were really at an all-time high, and that was driven by software, and we talked about that then. But you're right, over the last 2 quarters, what we've seen, as we've brought out these new platforms, getting our depot stocked, just the product transition, we've seen what we believe are short-term increasing costs around that, and we see that reflected in the gross margin results. As you heard from our guidance, we expect that to come back in this coming quarter a bit.
Andy Reinland: Yes. That's going to go back to John's comment that our #1 priority is product revenue growth. And so I think what we've seen over time is that service revenue growth is going to slow if our product growth doesn't take off again. So they are linked. It's just over a more elongated period. So I'm hoping we're going to start to see that shallowing out, and we'll talk more on the next call about what we think next year will look like. But definitely tied to product revenue growth. That's got to be the priority.
Andy Reinland: Yes. Our average order size has settled out really at about 100,000, and that's been consistent for the last 3 quarters.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So I'll take the first part of the question on the deferred revenue. Actually, we have very little product in our deferred revenue, at least now. It's mainly annual maintenance contracts. As we evolve our models going forward, we may change to something where we build up deferred revenue. But as of now, we don't have anything of note in there.
John McAdam: Yes. In terms of -- it's hard to really quantify in terms of percentage our actual numbers, but there's no doubt that we -- I think I said in the last quarter's call, Jess, that we had a strong start to the quarter, and I'm sure some of that was linked to the -- to some of the slippage in Q2, which obviously was pretty pronounced. I especially referred to some telco wins at the beginning of the quarter. Having said that, we saw that strength continue throughout the quarter, and the following 2 months were also very strong. So it's not like we saw a strong start slowing down. We didn't see that. We saw the opposite. There's no doubt that enterprise spending, in particular -- in North America I should say in particular, definitely picked up from Q2. And obviously, telco did as well worldwide.
John McAdam: No, absolutely, and there's no question that there's -- with what's going on in federal is well publicized, that you do need to be cautious. And the first 3 quarters of this year, we have seen bookings actually down year-over-year, not significantly, but down. Moving into the final quarter, having said that, we absolutely expect to see sequential growth, but I think we've taken a fairly cautious approach in terms of using -- taking that into account in our guidance.
John McAdam: We're not going to take a specific answer to that. It's clearly, by a mile, our #1 priority. I think we have a lot of good opportunities to get the product growth accelerating here with the product refresh, which is a big deal and is now completely out there in the market, the ACE opportunity, security, LTE rollouts. So clearly, that's our main focus.
John McAdam: Oh, sorry. I didn't answer it, which is why. We saw a pretty similar -- the million-dollar deals pretty similar to the previous quarter. I mean, if there's any good news in this, it's that the comparisons now are effectively okay. But we did see it pretty similar to the previous quarters that we've seen. We did see, from accounts in general, an uptick in sales. So maybe not all million-dollar deals, but from some of our larger accounts, we saw them starting to spend more.
John McAdam: I mean, we took -- I believe we've taken a reasonably conservative approach in terms of the -- one of the key factors we look at is the close rate. And from a close rate perspective, we've taken a mix of the previous 2 quarters. That includes obviously the tough quarter of Q2. So I think it's been reasonably conservative. But I think that's absolutely appropriate, to be cautious given what we saw in Q2.
John McAdam: No. That's a really good question. We -- well, first of all, we're definitely seeing strength of the new products we're introducing, and I'm absolutely convinced we'll see strength for the 5000 and 7000 are now available as well. So we're seeing strength there. And I think that momentum will continue because that product refresh we did wasn't just a simple box refresh. That's all about -- we introduced architecture, we introduced new modules. We introduced VLAN architecture. We introduced vCMP. And so this is a big product refresh. I think it's going to help with competitive advantage. But to be specific, absolutely, by a mile, Citrix is our #1 competitor, but we -- look, we had a -- we did a lengthy quarterly business review with our North American sales management on Monday. We had them all here in Seattle. The competitive win rate is as strong as it's ever been. It's very, very strong, as I mentioned, in the ACE replacement space. Our security business is strong. I think our competitive position is great. On the VDI side, we just -- where we get a chance, we have a good win rate. But clearly, especially with Citrix-only VDI solutions, I'm sure there's a lot of deals we just don't see there.
John McAdam: This is John again. I'll take the negative side of it. No, we're not going to be specific on that, and we haven't been in any other modules. We gave some numbers on the very first quarter release of the product, but the growth was quite significant, still a small percentage of our business, but we'd expect it to continue to grow.
John McAdam: And we've seen a lot of hybrid sales as well, where you've got a combination of systems and software-only solutions. Remember, we keep pressing this point because it's a big differentiator. We can basically manage software and systems identically and integrated and/or standalone, and that's pretty flexible for the customer. But there's no 1-for-1 on this. It's a combination of architecture approaches. In terms of is there going to be a long-term trend? Maybe. But wow, it will be very, very long-term in nature.
John McAdam: And just the other point, it's not quite connected to the question, but obviously, you saw our operating margins increased this quarter, driven by revenue, and we'll give more data about that in October in terms of how we see it for the year and moving forward. But I'm just going to take this opportunity, when you're looking at the year coming, that we will see seasonality in the December quarter. We've seen it before. I just want to put that stake in the ground while the discussion on margin reminds me to.
John McAdam: Yes, I knew I would get asked this. The only reason I -- we never normally give an update on the month, certainly at the day of the call. We had a pretty big miss in Q2, and that's why we decided to do it. And so I'm not going to do that. Having said that, absolutely, we take into account the first 3 weeks and, more importantly, the quarterly reviews that we have when we give our guidance. So that is baked into that, yes.
John McAdam: And meanwhile, in between, when we talk to service providers about our strategy of consolidation, where we talk about being able to do policy enforcement management, DPI, Carrier-Grade NAT, traffic steering, a whole range of areas where they have separate boxes right now to do these functions, if we can do them within the same chassis or within the same appliance, they'll love that strategy. So I think Manny's 18 months is probably spot on. But meanwhile, the consolidation approach we have is very attractive to them.
John McAdam: Yes. I think we've said this in the past. I mean, we're -- I think we actually gained market share in the -- I can't remember which quarter it was, but a recently published quarter, which is obviously a reasonable sign. But there's no question that A10 have done well there, obviously with one particular very, very large telco that is an obvious one, in particular. They had some Carrier-Grade NAT capability that we have caught up with, and we've got every intention of staying feature-rich there. So I think moving forward, we're in good shape. The biggest issue that we've seen in Japan actually is, we definitely saw an increase in business after the tsunami hit. I think there's no question about that now, as data centers were built, et cetera. And so when you look at the year-over-year, we've had a pretty tough comparison. That actually finishes moving forward, next quarter. So, yes, I think you'll start to see a better year-over-year-type result coming from that geography.
John McAdam: I think you're going to see us more aggressive with the way things are shaping up here. I mean, frankly, if we can beat the 150 number, we'll absolutely go for it and try and do that. It's across the company, we're going to do that. If things go the way we expect, what you'll see is with fairly aggressive hiring numbers next year as well.
John McAdam: Well, product development is really critical. We've got -- again, we'll talk about this architecture that we have with our integrated architecture, our BIG-IQ, the areas we're doing there. So product development is very high. Service is always high for us because of customer satisfaction. Consultancy is very big for us as well. That has some margin implications, but that's life, and it definitely drives product revenue. And of course, sales as well.
John McAdam: Yes. So on the service provider deals, no, timing of deals, no major change there. I mean, clearly, there was a number of companies talked about telco being slow in the first half, and it seems to have definitely picked up, and that's what we saw. And it was global in nature as well. So nothing -- no significant change there. The only change we have seen in telco is -- in terms of change, is we've definitely got a growing and growing pipeline. I mentioned this in my introduction, pipeline of LTE Diameter opportunities. That's definitely a positive change for us. And then in terms of the -- I think I heard the question correctly, the new appliances that we brought out -- what we're seeing is that we introduced the product and the first few quarter of shipments, we see a fairly strong momentum happening, and we saw that with everything so far. And we're hopefully going to see the same with the 2 new ones, the 5000 and the 7000. So they have become a dominant product sale pretty quickly, actually.
John McAdam: Well, that was in context of revenue, specifically. And obviously, by definition, that affects operating margin.
John McAdam: Yes. On the last question, we're not going to answer that. I mean, it's our #1 priority, and we think we've got a whole lot of things in place that, if we execute properly, we can make things happen. But no, we're not going to be specific about timing, et cetera. I think we have a lot of good growth drivers, I've gone through a number of times here. So on the fed, our fed business actually, I think, was -- it was 4%, which is on the low side of our fed business in the quarter. So I don't know, when you say bounce back quite well, I'm not -- I don't quite understand that. As I did say in the previous question, we do expect it to be up sequentially, but I think we've been reasonably cautious, given the visibility.
John McAdam: Yes. On the hiring, first of all -- I mean, it's global in nature, and especially when you look at the sales and service organization. We have a pretty global product development organization as well, but they are the 3 main priorities that we'll be focusing on. So, yes, probably in product development, it'll be more U.S.-based, because that's where the majority of the people are. But generally, it's a global approach that we have. Regarding security, it's a -- we think security is probably our biggest growth driver. I mean, product refresh is bread and butter, and that's spread across everywhere. But security is probably the biggest. We have a very significant development focus on security. We're always looking in the industry. That's what we've done for years and years. Now if we see something that we think can get to market faster than we can develop, we're not shy about making it happen. But that's just business as usual as far as we're concerned.
Manuel F. Rivelo: San, this is Manny. Just thought I'd answer both questions here. So first of all, on the AFM module, we saw -- as you know, we announced the module last quarter, and it was out in the market for approximately 4 to 6 weeks. We saw huge growth on that module this quarter. We're very, very pleased with the momentum it's picking up inside the market, and we continue to see, across all verticals and across all theaters, good traction on that module. So we're excited. It's early, but progress has been phenomenal so far. And that's both in enterprise and service provider use cases, so we're pretty well rounded there. And then real quick on the virtual, just to give you some insight, you're absolutely correct. I mean, there's a lot of talk in the industry about it all moving to potentially virtual solutions. What we're seeing from the customer base is that really, it's a hybrid solution set. There's a need for virtual solutions, and there's a need for physical hardware solutions, and it has to do really with placing the network and the architecture you're looking to deploy. What we've been doing on the virtual solution side is that we've been increasing our performance capability, as John pointed out, and we have solutions from 200 meg, all the way up to 5 gig, highest throughput in the industry, across all of our modules, across all of the industry hypervisors. And as we look forward in the coming quarters, you'll continue to see us improve on that performance, both going upstream, higher throughput, and downstream to lower throughput. So our intent is to have all of our modules across all physical, as well as all virtual appliances in the industry, giving you the flexibility from an architecture point of view. And we're actually seeing that also in the IDC most recent data that was just published in Q1, where we saw a great, great traction also there from a market share perspective.
Manuel F. Rivelo: And let me just add. This is Manny, one more comment just to add here. I alluded to the architecture trade-offs. Usually, when you see a hardware sale, what you're quite often seeing is a consolidation inside that device of multiple applications or services sitting behind that device. And sometimes, when you see virtuals, what you're seeing is virtual per application. So it's more of a scale out, horizontal scale. So to the point of, is there a revenue shift or -- obviously, Andy talked to the margin. But is there a revenue shift? No. It's just a different architecture, where you have less consolidation, you have more single tenancy with the app -- with the virtualized addition provided for that application.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes, I could comment on network function virtualization. I mean, we're well positioned because, as we pointed out before, we support all of our modules across all major hypervisors, and network function virtualization is really just the service providers looking at moving from hardware devices into virtual devices, meaning devices sitting on hypervisors on a cost [ph] platform. So we've been taking our solutions into the marketplace. We're working with various service providers. We're part of the ETSI standard and working in that working group to make sure they continue to shape that. So it's early days, but you'll see that beginning to develop in the service provider arena because they, themselves, like in data centers, want to take advantage of software where applicable. So we think we're well positioned, and it'll shape up in the next 18 months, I think, industry-wide.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. And then this is Manny, just to comment on the security and the service provider arena. We're seeing traction in all theaters. We're working with tier 1 operators in all 3 theaters right now. The general problem that they're struggling with is actually keeping up with the growing demand for bandwidth on the mobile networks, specifically with the movement to 4G, and protecting everything from a DDoS all the way to an application vulnerability. So we're well suited for that. As a matter fact, I think you saw the article that might have come out earlier this week from Network World, which talks a little bit about our performance, and that was a mid-range box. It's not even the high end of the market. So we're working with these operators. It's early, but it's quite often more than just security, to the point that John made before. While we're sitting in that footprint, they're not only looking at firewall capabilities, but they're looking at Carrier-Grade NAT capabilities, potentially policy enforcement capabilities. So it's a whole new re-architecture that some of the providers are looking at, and others are just looking at how to scale security needs.
Manuel F. Rivelo: The cloud providers? Quite well. As we mentioned before, we support all the virtual additions. If you're a cloud provider and you want to deploy your software in those environments, we do that today. We work very well with Amazon, we work very well with Rackspace and others that are out there. So from that point of view, we're seeing good traction, good momentum, and we're looking to continue to accelerate that this year. So there's no issue whatsoever there.
