Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. Before we open the call to questions, I want to address our view on F5’s AI opportunity. At the highest level, we believe customer’s use of AI will accelerate the growth of applications and APIs and the corresponding need to deploy, manage and secure them, which is what we do best. We also believe AI inference, the process of using a train model to make predictions on never seen before data will become increasingly distributed. Organizations will need to support it anywhere from datacenters to manufacturing floors to public clouds. We believe every application and API will soon require inference just as they require security and traffic management. With our rich history of delivering innovative ML based security solutions, including bot defense, protection against denial of service attacks and anti-fraud and our role in the flow of application traffic, we are uniquely positioned to secure AI workloads, wherever they reside and to empower our customers to run AI wherever they need it. In conclusion, we are leveraging our incumbency and our position in the flow of 40% of the world Internet traffic, to deliver hybrid, multi-cloud solutions that dramatically simplify application and API deployment, security and management for our customers. We are also significantly reducing our customer’s total cost of ownership. We are uniting and automating all of our customer’s apps and APIs across their datacenters, cloud and edge environment. We are encouraged both by the early signs of stability we saw in the second half of ‘23, and with the residence our converging portfolio is having with customers. We have an install base of 20,000 customers, all of whom have an acute and significant multi-cloud challenge. Other than F5, there is no one company that can address this challenge. With F5 Distributed Cloud services, we have created a platform to drive SaaS growth in the future. In closing, I’ll reiterate the three pillars of our long-term operating model, which will enable us to drive double-digit earnings on a compound annual growth rate. Number one, delivering sustained mid-single-digit revenue growth, supported by our differentiated positioning in attractive end markets, along with our durable high margin global services business. Number two, driving non-GAAP operating margin expansion, which we will achieve through gross margin improvement and operating discipline. And number three, returning cash to shareholders, via share repurchases, using at least 50% of our annual free-cash-flow. Operator, please open the call to questions.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Hi, Amit. So in, in total, so we talked about it roughly $200 million in SaaS and managed services. In that $200 million there is about $65 million of revenue stream, that essentially are going to go away. Now, but that’s more than half of that is revenue streams coming from a legacy managed services platform Silverline, that we are retiring. But we intend to migrate the customers over to Distributed Cloud. So we would expect you know a portion, if not a significant portion of that, you know of that revenue stream to go on to Distributed Cloud over time. The other a little less than half of that $65 million are offerings that we are retiring completely that, you know, when we looked at our portfolio and looked at the offerings we wanted to rationalize, that we felt were underperforming. We decided to retire these offerings completely to, you know, focus on the products that are going forward and successful rationalize our cost and improve our efficiency.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Amit there, I wouldn’t say there is a particular geography where we are -- where, that’s really different than others. I would say, North America has been probably more solid and stable than our Asia and European markets. If we look at verticals in terms of where we’re seeing stabilization, I think the enterprise market, we’re seeing more stabilization. The service provider market has been soft. That’s for a number of factors service providers continue to sweat assets, and, and be really ruthless in their prioritization, the 4G to 5G transition is a little slower than anticipated. So service providers in general have been soft than we’re kind of expecting that to continue. What we were encouraged by, especially, in the second-half of the year, but specifically in Q4 is in the enterprise space specifically, we saw some customers that had been sweating their assets, and got to kind of at the end of that cycle and started demanding hardware again or ordering hardware again. So we did see a rebound in hardware orders in the fourth fiscal quarter. Coming from A, we think some customers having sweated their assets, but also, you know, it took a long time for us to ship equipment to a number of our customers in 2023. And in Q4 we saw some of these customers that finally had received their hardware and had been able to deploy that to start ordering again. So we were encouraged by those trends.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. So, Alex, we’re -- so today we’re talking -- so I don’t want to talk about what’s beyond FY ‘25, I’m going to talk about FY ‘24 and ‘25. Beyond FY ‘25, I think our view of our end markets haven’t really changed. And so you know in the future that opportunity to return to 20%-plus growth in software, is there based on the end markets that we are targeting. But let’s talk about FY ‘24 and FY ‘25. So FY ‘24 we’ve talked about growth in software being you know flat to modest. And that, if you take the three components of software that we’ve, we just talked about, we expect, you know, frankly, the perpetual base of the business to be roughly flattish. We have a similar view on the SaaS and managed services part of the business based on the transitions we’re going through. And potentially, you know in the term subscription part of the business is where potentially we would see some modest growth. Going into 2025 from a revenue perspective, we don’t necessarily expect growth from perpetual or the SaaS and managed services business because of the transitions that we’re going through. But we have strong visibility into our -- the renewals and expansion in our term subscription business. The expansions which are very strong from what we’re seeing and we expect that to continue and be amplified in 2025. So in 2025, we would expect you know software growth to return to double-digit, really powered by our term subscription business.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Samik. Thank you. These -- so over a long period of time I think we, you know, we think that the hardware business would be more of a you know low-single, low-single-digit decline or overtime. However, that is a statement you know that is based on a normal, first a normalization of the hardware business, and we’re not there today. And that’s been as you know, the demand was much softer in 2023. And so we actually expect our hardware business to rebound in 2024, and we saw some signs of that already in this fourth quarter. And you know the -- I’m giving you more of a long-term trend kind of beyond 2025. But you know I think at least for 2024, we expect to rebound in the hardware business. In terms of where AI will play in our business, so the way to think about it Samik is, we -- the portfolio that we’re putting together, which is hardware, software and SaaS, we expect, you know, that will enable our customers to secure and deliver their API and their applications in any environment. AI workloads are going to be modern applications, some of which may run on-prem but we think a, a lot of them will run in software environment, and so it’s likely that supporting AI workloads will accrue more to our software business over time. And in addition to that, we think we have a very unique position in that with our distributed cloud capabilities, we are able to run inferences really in any cloud environment and beyond. So we can run inferences in any public cloud, we can run it at the edge, we can run it in our own cloud. And increasingly, we’re hearing from customers that they will want to run these inferences on manufacturing floors or on the retail branches for retail customers or and vehicles for some far as use cases. And we have the ability to run and secure and deliver these inferences in any environment. You know, whether it’s in the cloud or in any one of these far edge environments and that makes F5 very unique in its position for running AI inferences in the future. All of that of course will accrue to our software business.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, Samik. I, I don’t think it, it was related to a budget flush for -- you know because, you know, the comments we made in resumption were really things we observe in the, the quarter that ended in, in September for us. When we look at next year, no, we do not have visibility into exactly what budgets our customers will have in FY ‘24. We do have a strong pipeline, entering the fiscal year on hardware. And you know that would -- it will come down to what are the close rates on that. In Q4 the close rates that we saw on our pipeline entering the quarter were better than in the prior three quarters of the year. That’s also part of why we talked about stabilization. And green shoots in Q4 is because what we saw in the close rate. So we’re going into the fiscal year with a stronger hardware pipeline. Recent data points on close rates that are positive. But of course, we are cautious, because there’s still a lot of uncertainty out there. Around the macro as you noted. We continue to see customers you know in certain occasions, delaying, delaying deals or having continued budget scrutiny and more approvals. We are seeing that phenomenon continue. And so overall, we’re still cautious going into the year.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. The -- so let me start with the first question, and my comments on pipeline. There are more related to what we’re seeing in the -- on the hardware side of things, where we had a number of customers that A, number one have been sweating their assets, and they’re getting sometimes the utilization levels, where we, we know that at some point in ‘24 they will have to do something. Or number two, customers who have placed orders in FY ‘22 have not been able to receive equipment for these orders, who now have and have started to deploy that capacity and are starting to be ready to order again. So that is accruing to a stronger hardware pipeline. In terms of big you know, kind of multi-cloud software, what we’ve called this transformational software project, we are not yet seeing a you know substantial resumption of these kinds of projects. But then that’s what I was saying earlier is customers are still very cautious on undertaking, you know, big projects like that. And we’re not seeing a different pattern going into the year on those aspects. As it relates to AI and whether it will require productization, we have essentially and so on, on the aspect of being able to run inferences in any environment, we have these capabilities in Distributed Cloud. I think we need to ensure that we harden these capabilities and there is a strong go-to-market effort to be made around that to make customers aware of that in the future as they start deploying AI workloads. As it relates to being able to secure and deliver AI workloads, those capabilities exist today and we are ready to go with that already.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Frank. And to your second question, Michael on SaaS and managed services. So, like, if we talk about, you know, FY ‘22 to FY ‘23, you saw that the ARR there was flat to slightly down. There are two reasons for that. One is, yes, the transitions we talked about started in ‘23 and there was about call it roughly, you know, $12 million of ARR that we transitioned out of the business in 2023. The other reason is at the high-end of the bot business, we saw quite a bit of softness, especially in the second-half of the year, as customers had significant budget scrutiny and you know we’re reluctant unless they were under immediate attack, to really implement our more sophisticated solutions. We think over time that will change, but specifically this year with the macro pressures and budget scrutiny, we saw a lot of softness there, both in, you know, new bookings and in some churn in some cases. So that is the FY ‘22 to FY ‘23. So from going into 2024, well, you asked about, you know, is this transition is a multi-year transition. Yes, we expect that the $65 million of, of revenue stream that we are transitioning will work themselves out over the next couple of years, so over FY ‘24 and FY ‘25 they are a headwind to total growth. However, we are quite excited by what’s happening with F5 out of the SaaS portion of our offerings, specifically SaaS on F5 Distributed Cloud. We have launched a WAF offerings, the security offering, you know, about 18 months ago. We are seeing extraordinary traction on that. As I said earlier, we’ve won over 500 customers in that period, all of whom are enterprise customers. And we are seeing very rapid traction on that. We’re also seeing rapid traction on the multi-cloud networking market, where we bring both networking and security capabilities and we’re quite differentiated to anybody in the market. So that has grown fast and we expect that portion of the business to continue to grow fast, and overtime become a, a majority of this SaaS and managed services portfolio.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thanks, Tim. Maybe let me start with the second part. No, it’s not about synergies. So there are two aspects of that, Tim in terms of the transitions we’re talking about the $65 million of transition. One is a legacy platform that we have, you know that -- on which we have built managed services offering. We have now built a with the F5 Distributed Cloud in much more modern platform with an architecture that’s differentiated, and that’s gaining rapid traction and we want to transition our customers through this modern platform. And that was always the plan to do that. However, you know, we have to first of all, build a platform and build all the security capabilities on the platform, to be able to start this transition. So we’re very excited that we were able to do all this work on the Volterra platform over the last couple of years, and we’re able to start this transition in 2023. The second part of the revenue stream that is being retired is not about synergies, it’s new offerings that we had launched recently, that we hope to do well in the market. But given the macro environment and what we’ve seen as the early traction on these offerings, we’ve made some decisions as you know, in April to rationalize our portfolio and focus on the most attractive investment, and we decided to not go forward with these products. So that’s the second part of your question. On the -- I should say that the last thing I’d say about that is, in terms of the synergies between elements of the portfolio, no -- we are actually very encouraged on what we’re seeing. We’re seeing actually a number of customers, who already have BIG-IP adopt Distributed Cloud. You know so for a set of applications they have BIG-IP on-prem or in the cloud, so hardware or software, and then they want to have software-as-a-service for in -- other applications in their state. And they really want to have the consistency of you know security engine, security policies across all these environments and we’re able to do that with BIG-IP, as well as our SaaS and managed services. NGINX also had a very strong quarter in Q4, and that was driven in-part by the security capabilities that we ported from BIG-IP onto NGNIX and that same security stack is now in use in Distributed Cloud. So the synergies, especially in terms of security across our portfolio are, are playing out, and we expect that they will accelerate actually over the next couple of years, as we, we do more and more conversion between the SaaS and deployable products. Now, for the first part of your question, in terms of the ADC competitors, look Tim, here it’s -- we have over the last four years, you know, we made a decision to continue to invest in the future of the ADC franchise, and specifically, building the next generation hardware form factors for our ADC franchise and the next generation software form factors that together bring to on-prem deployments, the benefit of the cloud, such as, you know, multi-tenancy rapid upgrades, seamless upgrades, and make it way easier for customers to operationalize ADCs, and have a better total cost of ownership. Those investments are paying out in the market in terms of us gaining share and being able to displace our traditional competitors in, you know, even in situations where they are incumbent, and take share from them. And we think that, you know, that’s not a one-off. Our expectation is, that will continue, and, you know, we’re pretty excited because, this year we’re introducing the next generation software platform on BIG-IP that we think is also even more differentiated than what we’ve had in the market. So I expect that will continue and it’s you know, hopefully a pay-off for the investment we’ve made over the last four years.
Francois Locoh-Donou: Thank you. The -- look our goal is to make it ridiculously easy for our customers to secure and deliver their applications. And Distributed Cloud is getting a lot of traction because it does that for, for our customers. So when you look at the priorities next year, of course, it’s scaling the platform, so it’s available in, you know, more markets in more environments and continue to add services to the platform. We have the two -- I would say first two sets of services WAF and multi cloud networking. We have a backlog of other services that we want to add to the platform that our customers will want to add. We’ve recently added CDN capabilities on the platform, you know, after the [Acqui hire] (ph) of Lilac a few months back and we’re starting to get customers adopting our CDN because it’s convenient for them to like catch back to load balancing and, and security in some cases. So the first priorities are, you know, scaling the platform and adding services. As far as go-to-market, frankly, the priority is going into customers that are already F5 customers, that have our hardware or software, but want a SaaS solution to make it easier to front -- to use F5 to front a bunch of applications for which they don’t want to manage the lifecycle of deployable products. And if you look at the 500 customers or so that are on Distributed Cloud today, over two-thirds of them are actually existing BIG-IP customers. So about a third of them are net new customers that had never bought anything from F5 and two-thirds of them are existing BIG-IP customers. And we think actually with both net new and with existing customers there is a lot of growth and that’s where the focus is. And the focus is going to continue to be with large enterprise customers where F5 has a strong presence.
Francois Locoh-Donou: And to the second part of your question, in terms of Silverline no, it’s not going to be all in one quarter. You know, it’s going to bleed off over the next couple of years, kind of, every quarter. And it’s going to be time with, you know, when customers are at a point where they have to renew or migrate their subscription that there will be a decision point. And so you’re going to see it I think over the next six to eight quarters.
Frank Pelzer: Alex, it’s Frank. So largely most of that has been achieved but there is still some of the purchase price variances that are coming through in FY ‘24. By FY ‘25 we expect that to be fully out in a normalized level.
Frank Pelzer: Alex, I think it’s probably in the range of 25 to 50 basis points of where we’ll see improvement just based off of that, in comparison to expectations for gross margins in FY ‘25.
Frank Pelzer: Meta, I just wanted to add that, you know, last year we talked about in our outlook, particularly, in software that, we were a little less than 50% of our outlook at the time was coming from the renewals and the trueforwards portion of our term subscription agreements, and that’s and our SaaS based revenue. And that’s a little more than half was going to come from new, this year as we take a look at that same formula and we look out over 60% of you know what we expect in that flat to modest software growth is coming from, both the renewables pieces of the SaaS and managed service business, plus the renewables true forwards of our term subscription business. So we tried to take into account the fact that we don’t see these transformational projects on the horizon as we thought about the guidance.
Frank Pelzer: Sure, Michael. Let me start with the first question and then I’ll let Francois jump in on the second on the Silverline side. So on the, first on the term subscription, particularly the, you know, the trueforwards and the expansions that we have seen, with the second terms coming on and we’ve had probably about seven or eight quarters now of run rate, and are getting much more comfortable with the early signs that you know, where massive expansions continue. And so getting very, very strong utilization from the -- from that base of deployed, flexible consumption programs, and this specifically covers right now BIG-IP and the NGINX portfolio within our business, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And that’s giving us a lot of comfort, both in FY ‘24 and more importantly, in FY ‘25. FY ‘25, we’ve got our, you know, a bigger pool of expansion revenue than we do in FY ‘24 and ‘24 is growing on top of ‘23, so all of these continue to compile upon themselves. As I just mentioned to me Meta that, you know more than 60% of the outlook that we’ve got within our software revenue is coming, you know, from that cohort that we feel pretty good about seeing which is the term renewals, as well as true forwards plus SaaS and managed service renewal piece that we’ve got in the revenue stream. So both of those, you know, we feel very confident about, and it’s probably the highest visibility that we’ve got within the revenue stream.
Frank Pelzer: Yes. Ray, as you described, I think, that’s roughly correct. You know, cash flow is one of the hardest things for us to, to predict, but those dynamics are it should narrow a bit that net income growth with, you know, with some exceptions to the two tax impacts. Some of the restructuring expense we had last year that we don’t have this year that are real cash, but split out for non-GAAP purposes. So there is a few ins and outs, but it should be roughly, roughly close to that.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Fish I’ll start and then Francois wants to add anything that would be great. So you know, within our term subscription business, which is generally our BIG-IP software, as well as NGINX and that’s the expansion rates that we’ve seen. It’s not the easiest like task in the world to convert that term into an ARR type of business, because of all the moving parts, but when we’ve tried to do that and try to convert and look at what would you know an expansion rate would be or net revenue retention rate. It’s north of what you would think of as the industry norm of 120% let me just put it that way. And that combination of where it is, plus our SaaS managed service our net revenue retention rate is still north of that 120%. So that combination you know, is what gives us a lot of visibility and firmness in our expectation of those pieces of the business that will continue to do well.
Frank Pelzer: The incentive plans between the two years are largely the same Fish. There is always going to be a couple of tweaks here and there as we’re looking and seeing what was successful the year before and not but nothing major.
Frank Pelzer: So I’ll start with the first one and then Francois, I don’t know if you want to take the second. But in terms of, what we’ve, what we’ve said I think in both the prepared remarks and some of the answers, we did both -- we do believe that we hit a trough in FY ‘23 in terms of systems bookings. And, you know, what we’re equating that to the term demand. Now the offset or the balance of that is that, there was FY ‘22 bookings they were delivered in FY ‘23. And so the shipments that they actually received, which is the revenue that we recognized that came in in FY ‘23 and started to be utilized. Now, as that utilization started to increase and more capacity was needed, we started to see that come through in Q4, which was our best systems bookings quarter of the year. It looks like on a revenue basis, that wasn’t necessarily the case, but from a demand perspective, our bookings perspective, that was the case. There will still continue to be fluctuations. There’s probably a bit of leveling or even improvement that we’ve seen in the enterprise side. On the SP as Francois mentioned service providers have been hesitant and we expect that to continue on. And in Q1, in particular, you know, we’ve got a federal government that isn’t necessarily functional right now, and we’ll see what that means as an impact to, you know, bookings for systems in Q1 and we’re trying to take that into account, as we, you know looked at the guidance and the expectations. We do expect as we’ve talked about many times in the past, there is that four to six-quarter long and the dynamics that I just talked about explains why sometimes that takes four to six quarters particularly in a supply-chain restrained environment. So we do expect at some point we’re in the that we will pick up in bookings from that Q4 level and then return back to a higher-level. I can’t say normalized level, because it’s tough to know when exactly that will, will take place. But our outlook and our expectation is not that we are going to do $180 million less with systems bookings, our SaaS systems revenue. Our bookings will improve, but the revenue will be down from last year because of that $180 million of headwind.
