Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. Q1 of fiscal 2010 was a quarter of solid growth for F5. Revenue of $191.2 million was up 9% sequentially from $175.1 million in the prior quarter and above our guided range of $182 to $187 million. GAAP EPS of $0.36 per diluted share was above our guided range of $0.31 to $0.33. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.52 per diluted share was also above our guidance of $0.47 to $0.49. Product revenue of $119.2 million grew 9% sequentially and represented 62% of total revenue. Service revenue of $71.9 million also grew 9% sequentially and accounted for 38%. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than one. On a regional basis, the Americas represented 58% of total revenue. AMEA accounted for 24%, APAC, 11% and Japan, 6%. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was $178.7 million or 93% of total revenue. Revenue of $5.7 million from our ARX file virtualization products was up from $5.4 million in the prior quarter and accounted for 3% of total revenue. FirePass revenue of $6.8 million declined slightly from Q4 and represented 4% of total revenue. During Q1, the financial vertical was 31% of revenue driven in part by shipping a significant portion of the large financial deal, one in Q4. Telco accounted for 21%; all government was 12%, including 7% for US Federal. At 12% of revenue, the technology vertical is lower than normal. It is worth noting that technology bookings were, in fact, up from the prior quarter and exceeded our internal forecast. The decrease in the number reported is a reflection of a mix shift in our backlog. As we shift out a significant portion of our large financial deal from beginning backlog, we saw a sizable increase in technology orders reflected in our ending backlog. As I already mentioned, book-to-bill for Q1 was greater than one, resulting in backlog increasing over the prior quarter. During Q1, we had two greater than 10% distributors, tech data which accounted for 12.5% of revenue and Avnet which represented 11.6%. Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 79.5%. Excluding approximately $1.6 million of stock based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 80.4%. GAAP operating expenses of $108.3 million were within our target range of $105 million to $109 million. Excluding $15.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were $92.8 million. GAAP operating margin was 22.9%. Non-GAAP operating margin, which exclude stock based compensation expense was 31.8%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 35.5%. Excluding stock based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.7%. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $647 million in cash and investments. Cash flow from operations was $74 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 309,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $48.47 per share for a total of approximately $15 million. DSO ended the period at 51 days. Inventories the quarter end were $14.8 million. Deferred revenue increased 15% sequentially to $211.4 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $3.6 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $6 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 1740 employees, an increase of 95 from the prior quarter. Moving on to the Q2 outlook, informing our view on revenue guidance, we recognize that Q2 is typically our seasonally softest quarter. However, we also see continued strength in our key drivers and a solid pipeline of business. These factors give us confidence that we will continue to see sequential revenue growth through the remainder of fiscal 2010. With this in mind, we're targeting Q2 revenue in the range of $195 million to $200 million. This guidance assumes book-to-bill for the quarter will be equal to one. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 79% to 80% range including approximately $1.5 million of stock based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $110 million to $114 million. This includes approximately $15.5 million of stock based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.36 to $0.38 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is $0.52 to $0.54 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 37%, excluding stock based compensation we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33%. We plan to increase our headcount by 60 to 80 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the low 50s. We expect inventory levels within a range of $15 million to $17 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $55 million. This reflects the impact of two large tax payments we make during Q2 per our normal tax payment schedule. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: In the current quarter for Q1, you're correct, about half of it was product. We shipped about two-thirds of that roughly in the current quarter, so that became revenue in the current quarter, but I do want to highlight our book-to-bill still was greater than one for the quarter. So, our backlog did sequentially go up.
Andy Reinland: Yes. Actually Sam, what we've seen over really the last three or four quarters and we believe this is mix driven. So VIPRION, 8900, 6900, what we're measuring now is our average order size trend up pretty nicely. As far as two years ago, comparing it, to be honest with you, I actually don't have that data because we used to give average deal size which just got to be too difficult to ascertain. We switched to this average order size. We've really been tracking that over the last year to year and a half, but we have been seeing it trend up. I think mark might have some color on that.
Andy Reinland: As we've said, we definitely invest behind revenue. So, that's the mode that we make decisions in relative to our spanned headcount, other investments. The last couple of quarters, we've been at this above 31% operating margin level. I think if you layout the numbers that we gave you, relative to our revenue, span, and gross margin, you'll see that for the coming quarter, we think we'll stay in that relevant range right there, about 31%. I would want to highlight that do think that's a sustainable model. We're top line driven. We want to grow our revenue. We're going to invest to do that, but we do believe overall our margin structure, we can sustain it. We'll update you quarter-by-quarter, tell you what we plan to hire and then as we always say, we'll watch our revenue very closely. We track it. We get revenue daily. We track it weekly. We assess how we're doing against expectations, histories, seasonality, and we make our investment decisions accordingly.
Andy Reinland: Absolutely, as I'm sure you know, a lot of Telco’s will shutdown their network additions in the December timeframe. So we really expect to see some traction. We have some good sized projects that we're getting traction on this quarter and for the rest of 2010.
Andy Reinland: I think the word that John always talking about is believed, we believe. In terms of the catch ups, I mean I guess there must have been some catch-up because I use the phrase plush in the first half and I pick that word specifically because it was only a cause. We didn't see a massive amount of budget plush as such. We didn't see much of that. That the guidance Andy talks about for this current quarter which is normally a soft quarter for us historically. That guidance is based on book-to-bill equal to one. So, clearly, we feel pretty bullish about that and as I said in my bet, the market drivers look good for us data sense a consolidation, virtualization, cloud computing and mobile data all feel good. So, I don't think it has been a massive catch-up and then there's going to be a delay. It doesn't look like that, but, I always throw in that cautious thing given the events of a year ago.
Andy Reinland: That would be two strong we feel good about our visibility in the quarterly basis. We feel reasonable about it on a six monthly basis. I also mentioned our pipeline is very solid. All of the pipeline metrics are looking very good.
Andy Reinland: Historically, that's been our about the methodology that we have applied to coming up with guidance.
Andy Reinland: Well, actually, if you go back, I know at least the last three and probably four years, our book-to-bill in March has ended up being less than one, but we still guide based on equal to one. Typically, we're not making a statement that forever we're going to do that, but I think if we got more the sulfur and drive it, I would probably get some indication.
Andy Reinland: Yes, with the increase in demand we've seen out there generally for our business is we've gone out and dealt with the supply chain. We've seen some issues but our manufacturing team has been all over it and managed us through it well. So, the uncertain products, we've seen some extensions, but I think we're managing it pretty well.
Andy Reinland: Yes, I think that's a fair assessment given the size of our business and the size of our backlog today.
Andy Reinland: Yes, definitely we've talked directionally about that. About the level of conservatism and I think, if you compare it to prior to the economy kind of dipping down a year plus ago, we're not back to those levels yet, but I think with the increased visibility that we feel we have now, the confidence in our business, we probably have brought that up a little bit compared to last quarter. Also, the close levels of this quarter actually were assuming less than last quarter. So, we're assuming more conservatism. However, I do want to give you the wrong impression here. In reality, Q1 close levels, the close levels in this quarter of Q2 do tend to be slightly behind anyway. So, we're almost back to normal one quarter versus the other comparison. So more conservative in last quarter, but we should expect to do that anyway.
Andy Reinland: Actually, the way it broke down was we were at about 69% from existing customers. This quarter, which is actually up a little bit, we still think that's indicative of the economy. Also the large deal we've been talking about came from an existing customer and that impacted it. We still feel good about our new customer additions. We'll watch it very closely as we evaluate our growth opportunities there and we feel good.
Andy Reinland: Thank you all very much for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you during the coming quarter.
Mark Anderson: The issue here as we need to talk about the backlog business we have as well. If you look at Q2 in particular, you’re going to see telecom being pretty strong, technology being pretty strong and finance be strong. Interestingly enough, if you look at the bookings that we did last quarter, not just the revenue, it was pretty much normal in the 20% range for the three big vessels.
Mark Anderson: I think what we're also seeing is certainly in the second half of 2009. We saw customers really buying based on urgent necessity, but minimizing the expense because they were certainly top line concerned. I think in the last six months, we've seen that open up quite a bit. So we're seeing people buy bigger configurations, we're seeing people buy more boxes, more data center consolidation. Just more projects that I talked about at the analyst conference back in November.
Mark Anderson: Early days now, but yes, I'm looking forward to good things from that. The reaction from a presales systems engineering force when they were trained on it was pretty positive. We've used that as a very good litmus test.
John McAdam: Obviously, shipments in the labs project were very customer driven so, we follow the customers. We had no major expectations. Obviously, we did say we expected to ship throughout the fiscal year so, no major expectations. In terms of the rest of the business, it was obviously very solid given the book-to-bill issue going up.
John McAdam: It was from the rest of the business. No question. I mean we knew about the deal, going into the quarter. So, our technology business was very strong and Andy mentioned yes, apart from Japan as I mentioned, it was across geographies and across the vertical.
John McAdam: I mean doing it in terms of over the years, of course there was a little beginning of fiscal 2009, and it included more things because of the economy. Specifically, the ARX obvious to, is that we need to get more focused and more specialization. To be Frank, the channel isn't quite there. That's why we've been investing in specialists. I mentioned that we did a press release in two very senior hires with a lot of story expertise both in sales and marketing. They're up and running and joined the company and already up and running and have been involved in the strategy going forward. We've also hired across the board actually in functions in terms of specialists and you know, we think that's going to bear fruit. We're absolutely convinced about the solution. We're convinced about the ROI and the market and really, we're convinced this is not a sales and marketing execution. We're very focused on being successful on it.
John McAdam: I mean, a quick answer is not at all. We did the North American quarterly business earlier this week and it’s interesting. We had some people actually making the quarter in the ARX only. When you look at the competitive aspects, it was almost nil. It was almost zero. Brocade had a product in end-of-life that we don't see much. It’s only heterogeneous solution out there. In terms of the clustered file storage issue, we see the opportunity as partners were still partnering with the data, the main site of the EMC partnership. That's the one going. So no, we don't see that. I mean if we see that, we would call it out, but we're convinced it needs more specialized focus on their end.
John McAdam: Yes, the traction is being extremely well and in fact we actually track that now within www.salesforce.com, we actually measured it. We wouldn't give out any numbers on this Troy, but it’s increasing rapidly. So the number of virtualization deals that we're seeing that we're working across the board obviously VM is the most common one, gone up very significantly over the last nine months.
John McAdam: Yes and as we've said, it is based on mobile data applications. We just don't see that slowing up in the short term. Because remember, very much at the layer seven user added value end of that. That's just staffing.
John McAdam: Probably, but there's also some other stuff going on in the technology area as well and federal, we're feeling very good about federal business. I mean it was down sequentially U.S. federal, which you would expect last quarter. However, it was the best Q1 federal that we've ever had. So we know we have a lot of projects, when we look at the year, we think, we feel good of it.
John McAdam: I wouldn't categorize it this way. Certainly, at the beginning, when we talked to the conference in November, Andy mentioned that we expect to grow sequentially, but possibly not in the March quarter. Clearly, we're more optimistic now than that. I think from a March perspective, this is what looking like a pretty solid quarter.
John McAdam: Yes, I think it’s pretty straightforward actually. The last deal that we got as we said it was right at the end of the quarter and went into backlog moving into the quarter we just finished. We're moving into this quarter with more backlogs. So that the big deal from that perspective in terms again it becomes irrelevant almost, because it’s all about our bookings rate and our bookings rate was very, very solid last quarter. Then we also mentioned our pipeline in general is very strong right now. So, the backlog of book-to-orders is bigger and the pipeline is bigger.
John McAdam: With a backlog going up, we obviously won a number of big deals. We talked to the technology, they escalate tend to be bigger deals, but it’s not something we talk about publicly.
John McAdam: We're not seeing. I mean, I mentioned in my introduction that I think this is the strongest competitive position we've been in. So that's a pretty clear indication of what we view. We haven't seen much change. We don't see much of Cisco in the field. We see Citrix obviously and then we have some other smaller players, but there's really no significant change. Obviously, we won't see this. We did gain share last quarter and we'll see what happens next quarter given this result. So one more thing, obviously the gross margins have been very solid which is probably the best indicator of competition.
John McAdam: With ARX, we have a goal this fiscal to on a quarterly basis, get to double digits in revenue. We're pretty convinced once that starts that we'll start to see the momentum. The momentum builds momentum. That's a short term goal. We haven't given anymore after that, for example, we're not seeing when we would expect it to be 10%. We do think by the way the drivers in other side of our business are very strong. So from a percentage point of view, I'm not so concerned about that. It’s more about getting absolute dollars up in ARX. Then I mentioned AMEA was the star of the quarter. They had a very solid quarter both in terms of revenue growth and sales bookings growth as well, so which bodes well of course for this quarter. The main reason, we have had a change of management in AMEA over a year ago. It’s clearly having an effect overall. They're winning really big deals. I mentioned several deals above $1 million. Our staffing looks like the profile here in the United States, and allows the perspective. So that's the trend we want to see in all geographies.
John McAdam: Precisely more related to seasonality and we're coming towards the financial year end in Japan. So we’d expect to see that and that's what the forecast is indicating.
John McAdam: We don't give out specific data on the actual penetration rates. Most of the stuff we're shipping though unless the customer requests it is no V 10.0. The real issue is when we bring V 10.0, we add new functionality and like V 10.1 we talked about with the extra module, that's the real interest because that drives incremental revenue, but from a penetration point of view, it is pretty significant now in terms of the number of shipments. I don't think we have the actual percentages, but it is key operating system revision that goes out after the customers.
John McAdam: We consolidation is definitely a big opportunity. Business consolidation that then drives data center IT consolidation that drives data center consolidation. That's going to be I think a continue opportunity for us. I did see, by the way, that from a bookings perspective, the verticals were pretty much inline. So, yes, it was strong. I think it was above the 20% mark. That's pretty much in the norm for a good, strong financial, but yes, financial technology and obviously service provider are still they're the key ones that we would expect to see in the 20% plus range maybe slightly below 20, but usually above 20%.
John McAdam: Yes, I mean we have been seeing multiple shipments in some of the sales that we've actually done either before or around acquisitions so we have seen some of that. Our main focus is getting new customers and driving across the verticals and that's been slow, but with the focus I think we're putting in from an investment, we want to see that increasing.
John McAdam: I think it depends on the quarter there's been quarters where the financial vertical with ARX has been pretty solid actually.
