Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5 delivered solid revenue results and strong profitability in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Revenue of $496.5 million grew 3% sequentially, and 3% year-over-year and was in the upper end of our $490 million to $500 million guided range. GAAP EPS of $1.37 per share was above our guidance of $1.29 to $1.32 per share. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.81 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.77 to $1.80 per share. Product revenue of $231.4 million, up 3% sequentially and down 7% year-over-year, represented 47% of total revenue. Service revenue of $265.2 million increased 3% sequentially and 13% year-over-year, and accounted for 53% of total revenue. Americas accounted for 56% of total revenue during the quarter, EMEA contributed 24%, APAC 15%, and Japan 5%. US revenue was down slightly year-over-year, reflecting relatively weak telco spending, and EMEA was down 1%, as a result of softer than expected UK sales. By contrast, APAC revenue grew 20%, and Japan revenue was up 15% from the third quarter of last year. Enterprise customers represented 64% of total sales during the quarter. Service providers accounted for 21%, and government sales were 15%, including 6% of total sales from US Federal. In Q3, we had three greater than 10% distributors: Westcon, which accounted for 18.8%; Ingram Micro, which represented 14.9% of total revenue; and Avnet, representing 13.7%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 83%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 84.5%. GAAP operating expenses were $273.3 million, at the low end of our guided range of $270 million to $279 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $239.2 million. GAAP operating margin was 28%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 36.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q3 34.4%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 32.9%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $170.5 million. In Q3, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares of our common stock, at an average price of $107.18, for a total of $150 million. $924 million remains authorized under the share repurchase program. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments. DSO at the end of Q3 was 48 days. Inventories were $33.8 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $16.1 million. Deferred revenue increased 15% year-over-year to $856.2 million. We ended Q3 with approximately 4,325 employees, up 5% year-over-year, and flat with the prior quarter. Onto our Q4 outlook. In his prepared remarks, John will discuss a number of new wins that reflect increasing adoption of our application delivery and security services for public and private cloud architectures. In addition, we are confident that the new products released in Q3 and those we are rolling out this quarter, including the BIG-IP appliance refresh will become meaningful drivers of the business over the near and mid-term. These, combined with the progress we've made in sales leadership and improving sales execution over this past year, give us confidence as we look to Q4 and beyond. Our revenue target for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 is $515 million to $525 million. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 83% range, including approximately $4.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $2.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 84.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $276 million to $285 million. This includes approximately $35.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $0.8 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q4, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 36% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34%. Our GAAP EPS target is $1.44 to $1.47 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS is target is $1.92 to $1.95 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by 75 to 100 employees in the current quarter, and we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $185 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: Just in terms of our execution there, I'd say is pretty consistent. As you said, we don't break it out anymore. But I wouldn't highlight anything.
Andy Reinland: Yes, so on the federal space, I mean, really the most prominent quarter for us generally is the upcoming quarter, with federal. Other than that, it can be lumpy, like telco, it just depends on when the projects fall and we can recognize revenue. So I wouldn't say there is anything to read into that movement at all.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So in terms of Japan, we didn't hear really anything from the Japan sales team that currency played a role in their results. We think and believe that sales execution is good there, and they are continuing to drive the business very well, but no discussion with them around currency.
John McAdam: Yes, in terms of the comments I made on the macro, it's really straightforward, nothing in depth in terms of what I was coming to. You've got things like Brexit happening over in the UK, you've got all of the weird stuff that's happening worldwide in places like Turkey. Frankly, although results seem to be going well this quarter, we are happy with ours, they're still low percentage versus what the used to be five or six years ago. It's really that. And I think just given that scenario we feel that we should be reasonably cautious, when we look at the forecast that we get from our sales organization and how we think the business is going. In terms of the linearity, it was pretty smooth, really, no surprises. We didn't see any - it was really normal linearity, which for us, we like that a lot. And that was almost on a weekly basis, as well, right throughout the quarter.
John McAdam: I'm glad you were the first one to ask, because you're first on the call. I mean, I think you're going to know the answer to this question. We do not comment whatsoever on any rumors or anything like that and that will be the same right throughout the call.
John McAdam: Yes, it's really too soon to answer that second question. Alex, this is John. Obviously, we feel good about the refresh and we feel good at the opportunity, but we've not seen enough data yet on that, to either be negative or positive. And as you mentioned, we don't tend to forecast outside the quarter. So I'm going to pass on that one.
John McAdam: Yes, in terms of looking at next quarter, I mean, first of all, I'm going to make an obvious statement, and the telco market tends to be lumpy, and I think that's always going to be the case. And with our telco business in particular, it's mostly project-driven as well, which goes in line with that lumpiness. And obviously, we're hoping that the 100-gig has an impact and that's why we called that out. But we are not - we don't forecast by vertical. So I'm not going to say anything about what we expect next quarter, but it's still going to be an important vertical for us with 100-gig. In terms of NFV, I think we're in a really good position for NFV. Everything that - NFV by definition is obviously software biased completely. And all our products, all our solutions can be delivered in a software only way, and as you heard, the other thing we're doing is massive work on orchestration and management, and that's also critical in an NFV space. And then Karl, you might want to talk about the performance of the TMOS VE that we're looking at, as well.
John McAdam: Well, to do it by actual function is a little bit different, I haven't got that on the top of my head. But generally, we look at this fiscal, we saw pretty good growth in the $1 million-plus transactions in Q1 and Q2. To be frank, that actually fell off a little bit in Q3, and we're still happy with the result, but we didn't see quite as many. So hopefully we'll see that return in Q4.
John McAdam: Yes, and it's always really, really difficult to point to Brexit, and say that's why we had a certain result in the UK in particular. And let me, before I go more into the question, just to reiterate that EMEA, I mentioned that EMEA sales were down year-over-year and they had a great track record up until that. But that was EMEA, UK actually was down fairly significantly. We think that's probably Brexit-related, but remember by Brexit-related that could be currency-related, it could be a number of things. We did have one example, and it's only one that I know of, of a customer actually placing a purchase order, halving the purchase order, and then deciding that they wanted to take it back completely. That was all June. We didn't ship it or take revenue on it or anything like that. It was just a purchase order. I'm not implying we extrapolate across the whole of that UK market, but that did happen. So we think there was some impact, and time will tell now, as you look forward to this quarter as well, that was just a sudden impact, given the result or it's going to be a longer impact. It is something you need to take into consideration.
John McAdam: And on the competition, no big changes from last quarter or the quarter before. Obviously, we are coming out with a lot of products that's going to make us more competitive. But in the ADC space, it remains mainly Citrix, don't see any change in win rate, hopefully we will with the Shuttle series in areas like that. And then the security, it's a pretty broad competitive landscape, depending on what security solution we talk about. If you look at the application side, which is our main focus in security, we got a lot of uniqueness there. So I wouldn't really call it anything, apart from specifically we're probably going to see more of the local and the SSL intercept space, because that's what we're bringing to market now, and we think we have got good differentiation, but nothing, no big, no big eye-openers on the competitive front.
John McAdam: Right. It's still a very small number. We don't give an exact percent. It's still a small number from a revenue perspective. I mean, it is really is infancy in terms of opportunity. However, we understand it's very real. The reason you are hearing more about it is that we are doing good penetration with our security products APM and the WAF. Our orchestration is becoming more important. When we've seen pieces of application move from one - from a customer, say to a public cloud, then as I mentioned, we're seeing things by programmability and iRules still being just as critical. Its areas like that, but we're talking, we're still talking fairly small, really small numbers. The other thing is that both in the hybrid cloud and in the public cloud environment, remember, we are focused on the Fortune 500 customers, we're in about 80% of the Fortune 500. They are asking us to help them from an architecture in an implementation perspective. So that gives us an advantage in that area, as well.
John McAdam: There is more than one road to market. Most of what I was just describing there was involving the enterprise customer. But we also have our products available on the public clouds that can be rented, purchased, again, that small numbers, it's fast-growing, but very small numbers. But that's also important to us, and it will get more important over the next few years.
John McAdam: Yes, first of all, I don't think there is much difference in the markets. Remember I said, a lot of its project driven, it tends to be that. APAC was very strong. We had a good quarter in Japan as well, and EMEA had growth, which was reasonable.
John McAdam: Yes, and on the service provider question, no. If you look at especially Tier 1s, as I mentioned, we - when Gi firewall project, we're just touching the initial stages of that opportunity. If you look at traffic seeding, traffic is increasing 50% a year still. So no, then there is no concept of the completeness, it's more about when you move onto stage B or stage C or do you have a completely new project like VoLTE, that type of thing.
John McAdam: We'll see, we'll see. I mean, remember, we're about to introduce the Shuttle series, and that actually could change that percentage. We'll see, that's going to be our goal. I mean, one of the things I have mentioned a number of times is that we have a large installed base. I mentioned this in a couple of the conference calls. We have a large installed base of products that are under contract and more than five years old. And for example, greater than five years old, we have 42,000 systems that are greater than five years old. To put that in perspective, when we did the last product refresh, we had 25,000 that were more than five years old. So we think that's an opportunity. And that could affect that percentage one way or the other. But the whole goal is to be successful in software, and to drive the Shuttle series as much as possible.
Karl Triebes: Right. Just a few comments, Brian. One, just to go back on orchestration and management, we are also big contributors on OpenStack, which is a big driver for these NFV-based applications. And we see traction in NFV across our entire product line; they're adopting all the different modules as part of that, in these software environments. In terms of performance, we did demonstrate at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona last February, and we are doing this with Intel, essentially a very early prototype version of what will become 100-gig version of our Virtual Edition software. But in the interim, we'll be releasing, towards the end of the year, a 40-gig equivalent version of that. We're moving on to the much higher performance, and in our internal testing right now, we're achieving really good results, with the performance. And so we expect by the end of the year to be shipping that.
Karl Triebes: Yes. This is Karl. Yes, I mean, the Shuttle series is designed with future proofing in mind, to support these cloud-based applications, in the hybrid, specifically to be able to connect seamlessly between private traditional data center and cloud-based applications. And we do that obviously through all the programmability that we provide. But also we have specialized programmable hardware that allows us to effectively create these connections, and essentially optimize these connections between the private and public and the data center.
Karl Triebes: Yes, so there is a few reasons for us to go off and drive towards this. And one was that we wanted to - today, essentially we have an ADC platform that provides best of breed security, especially application security, identity access management. But it doesn't necessarily lend itself well to going and targeting specific areas within the security buying centers. And what we wanted to do was create a differentiated offering that allowed us to go out and drive essentially toward these - to better position ourselves with the security buying centers in the enterprises, cloud, et cetera. And so we picked essentially functions, if you will or products that our field had been asking us for to differentiate. And we thought that there was a broad - that there would be broad adoption of. And so one of the ones we picked, that we went after first, DDoS. We have a best-of-breed solution there, we do things both at layer four, network-based, biometric style attacks, and we also do things at the application layer. It's very differentiated that we tied these together seamlessly. Another big area has been SSL intercept, and as John mentioned in his script, we have had customers that can implement certain parts of this functionality natively on our ADC platforms, but it requires a lot of programming of iRules, things like that, to actually get that to work. So what we wanted to do was package that, make it easy to deploy and use and have differentiation specifically for that, and then charge separately for that. And the same thing with the carrier-grade firewall that we had announced. So - and this is just a first start of kind of – of a line of products, we'll have other ones that we produce, as time goes on. As part of this, we have a whole laundry list of things, and we'll have specific platforms and branding and everything else that will go out as part of that. You'll see that announced later this year.
Karl Triebes: Yes, definitely. Yes, I mean, its – there is a lot of momentum as we go - especially on the SSLi side. But yes, we've definitely been in discussions with customers for quite some time, and working with the field to push it along.
Karl Triebes: Hi. I'll take that. This is Karl, I'll take that question. On the 4X, it's a lot of really good engineering. No, we've done a lot of work on the guts of our system to - and our software, to really enable ourselves to run at these higher performance rates. And so we've been working on this for quite some time. Like I said earlier in the call, we demoed with Intel, on some of their newer CPUs, essentially an early version of our 100-gig VE that will be coming out. So when we talk about 100-gig, obviously, in terms of throughput and performance, we put some bounds essentially on what functions are actually running on that. We are not going to run a database at 100-gig on the thing, but we are running traffic, and a lot of our major functionality at that performance level.
