Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. F5’s fiscal second quarter marked a return to product revenue acceleration as strong Telco sales and continued momentum in software and security drove revenue ahead of our guidance. Revenue of $339.6 million, which exceeded the high-end of our $332 million to $337 million guided range, grew 5.3% from the prior quarter and 22.4% year-over-year. In line with our expectations Q2 revenue from Traffix Systems was not material to results. GAAP EPS of $0.86 per diluted share was at the high-end of our guided range of $0.84 to $0.86. Non-GAAP EPS, which excludes stock-based compensation, amortization of purchased intangible assets and acquisition charges for Traffix was $1.09 per diluted share above our guidance of $1.05 to $1.07. Product revenue of $205.2 million grew 18% year-over-year, and represented 60% of total revenue. Service revenue of $134.5 million grew 29% year-over-year, and accounted for 40% of total revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. On the geographic basis, Americans revenue increased 21% from the second quarter of fiscal 2011 and accounted for 58% of total revenue. EMEA revenue which represented 21% of the total increased 19% from the second quarter of last year. APAC contributed 14% of revenue up 24% year-over-year and Japan accounted for 7% of revenue, a 47% increase year-over-year. During Q2, our Application Delivery Networking business contributed $333.1 million in revenue. This compares to $316.9 million in Q1 and $270.5 million in the second quarter a year ago. Revenue from our ARX File Virtualization business was $6.5 million, compared to $5.5 million in Q1 and $7.1 million in Q2 of last year. Telco was our strongest vertical in Q2, representing 27% of total sales. Financial was 16%, technology 19% and government was 12%, including U.S. Federal, which accounted for 6% of the total. In Q2, we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet, which represented 16.6% of total revenue and Ingram Micro, which accounted for 13.9%. Behind continued strong sales of software, GAAP gross margin improved in Q2 to 83%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 84.2%. GAAP operating expenses of $177.3 million were above our target range of $170.5 million to $174.5 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $155.7 million. GAAP operating margin was 30.8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 38.3%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q2 was 35.3% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 33.8%. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $101.6 million contributing to total cash on investments of $1.034 billion at quarter end. Free cash flow for the quarter was $94.6 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7 million. DSO at the end of Q2 was 49 days. Inventories were $17 million. Deferred revenue increased 8.6% sequentially to $412.8 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 2,805 employees, an increase of 190 from the prior quarter. During Q2, we repurchased approximately 404,000 shares of a common stock at an average price of $124.44 per share for a total of $50.3 million, approximately $281 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. For our outlook, we continue to believe F5 will generate sequential revenue growth throughout fiscal year 2012 and achieve annual revenue growth for the fiscal year of at least 20%. We are very happy with the early sales activity around the Traffix technology acquired this quarter and John will discuss Traffix in more detail. However for Q3, we do not anticipate a material revenue contribution from Traffix Systems. With that in mind, our revenue target for the third quarter of fiscal 2012 is $350 million to $355 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 82% to 83% range, including approximately $2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $180.5 million to $184.5 million, including approximately $22 million stock-based compensation expense and $200,000 in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.88 to $0.90 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.12 to $1.14 per diluted share. We are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 35% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33.5%. We plan to increase our headcount by approximately 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the upper 40 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of 17 million to 19 million and we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $110 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: So Ittai, it’s Andy. On Traffix, when I say non-material, I mean, on the revenue side, I’m talking pretty small amounts. Primarily, service-driven revenue at this point, we’re looking at the revenue recognition. And when I talk about next quarter, in our guidance, we’re not assuming revenue from Traffix. So that’s what I had assumed.
Andy Reinland: No. Still -- v11 is still in the -- whatever that period, I’m not good at this inning thing, but probably that some innings or something. Sorry, my baseball knowledge isn’t that good, but anyway, we are still -- we are not at half time in terms of the v11. That’s going to increase. One of the features on that VCMP is the ability to run multiple versions. That’s doing well. It grew well from last quarter to the quarter before, but it’s got a long way to go and I think that’s when you really see the chassis’ being filled up by blades, growth towards it. So I think there’s a fairly big runway with the 2400 and the 4480.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So in terms of OpEx, so we did bring on 60 people as part of our 190 increase and our comments on the press release, we said we’re going to manage that as an investment into our current business model structure and that’s how we’re looking at it. So we’re still targeting at 38% operating margin as a business and we’re going to bring that in. In terms of the revenue, definitely there is some carryover revenue in service that we do have to write down. And so the -- there will be very modest revenue as how I would put it, but not enough that we factored it into guidance in any meaningful way.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. We actually didn’t publicly disclose the details of the deal but, yeah, you are looking at the line and that was specifically for the Traffix acquisition.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So the linearity this quarter was actually better than a year ago. I mean the third month being a little bit above 50%. And as far as our visibility, John talked earlier about evaluating our pipeline and looking at the deals and we feel really good about our visibility right now. Deal-by-deal going through it, talking with sales management and definitely on a quarterly basis and even six months out we feel pretty good.
John McAdam: And then the question to me regarding what went -- what didn’t go so well. First of all, I mean, let me reiterate, I was very happy with the fact that all the regions had good robust performances and I talked about that. Andy gave some specific detail on it. So, I was really happy with that. If you look at the verticals, clearly, financial vertical was doing some work from its normal value. We don’t think there is anything systematic there at all. In fact, we expect it to be up in this current quarter. Telco was very high and that we expect that to be down somewhat in the coming quarter, which I guess balances that. And really, when we look at the pipeline, that’s the way we manage the business’ overall pipeline and I mentioned it was really good. So, I was pretty pleased. I was obviously very pleased with security and what we were doing there right across the board. The data center firewall solutions are coming on very strongly. The part of an overall solution but security in terms of being part of the features of our overall solution has been excellent. The software module attach has been -- was really good as well, so, generally, pretty happy.
John McAdam: I mean, first of all, the issue with today’s public sector is that a lot of companies define it definitely. We tend to talk about core government business, both globally and then, of course, U.S. Federal. The U.S. Federal did show improvement in this quarter. I mean, we’re still -- I still think you have to be very weary given the especially [we are running] in terms of budgets and the government and the voting year this year. So, we are being, I think reasonably conservative about it. And then if you look one of the way, there wasn’t much change for us. So, really no -- slight improvement in Federal and not much change elsewhere. Next question.
John McAdam: Yeah. It’s very much a meaningful revenue contributor right now. I mean, we have won pretty significant deals and by significant -- greater than $1 million in some cases. As I mentioned but, sometimes we have the scenarios where the customers not only using as a data center firewall, but maybe doing some optimization as well and that’s why we’re -- in terms of producing actual numbers, it would be too subjective to do that, but it’s extremely material. As is the ASM application has security module and we just finished our quarterly business reviews again with North America and the field is really high on our Access Policy Manager as well, the access module. So the security has been actually material for us, but it’s definitely something we think is going to be an expanding opportunity.
John McAdam: Very often with Juniper, with Cisco as well. We’ve probably seen some checkpoint. I’m not sure, but Juniper is probably the main area.
John McAdam: We saw good growth sequentially with ASM, APM, Edge Gateway, in other words, all the software modules as well as systems and architectures based on the data center firewall.
John McAdam: Yeah. Sort of all of the above, I mean, in terms of concern, as we look out in the pipeline as we look at the current guidance we got this quarter, we see the enterprise business being reasonably strong. I mentioned the financial vertical was definitely lower than what we expect it to be and we expect to see a rebound in that book. That’s the good news. The not so good news is we don’t see Telco being quite as strong this quarter as it was last, still so robust but not quite as strong.
John McAdam: Yeah. I don’t think there is anything -- I mean, I don’t think there is anything significant there. I mean, I think it was at 19% this quarter, which is typically -- that tends to be the slightly higher end of the range.
John McAdam: Yeah. I wouldn’t give a specific time, but if you look at last quarter’s Telco business, we had reasonably lot of sales linked to future deployment of LTE. So, I’m not going to call an inflection point. I think it is now ongoing. And obviously with the acquisition of Traffix, as we look into FY ‘13, we think we could do extremely well in that environment.
John McAdam: On the seasonality on Telco, we haven’t seen significant seasonality and that could be linked to the size of our businesses versus some of our larger peers, clearly but not as anything like as big as the Telco. We tend to be project-oriented. So, we win projects that are linked and we’re not just pluming. We tend to be linked very much to the application, the solution and a good idea of what our architecture is going to look like. We do see add-on as traffic increases and there is a, a lot of things need to manage that traffic. So, as the actual systems are running as well. But the bottom line in Telco -- the bottom answer would be that it’s more project-oriented than anything. We had some pretty strong projects landed last quarter.
John McAdam: Well, that’s really the add-on modules that for years we’ve decided never to quantify. I did say that this was very, very strong last quarter and increasing in all the regions as the sale of value and that could be -- security is the leader in that, there is no question with APM and ASM and solutions like that and the access. However, products like WebAccelerator remained very significant player for us, the WAN optimization module as well. But we’re not specific on the numbers.
John McAdam: As to breaking out the number, we get that as I said every quarter and we don’t break out to that level of detail on product mix. But we have talked some quite a bit about the impact in enterprise and the 2400 there playing very well. The price performance on that box fits right into our range, right around the 8900 and is a great option for people who are looking at expanding environments and we think…
John McAdam: The way we are viewing it at the moment is fiscal ‘13. As we mentioned, we’re doing a lot of proof-of-concepts. We feel very good about the reaction we are getting from the customer base with the solution clearly LTE is critical. But these tend to be fairly long-term decisions. So really when we look forward fiscal ‘13 is when we really believe we are going to get a payback.
John McAdam: It’s so difficult to answer the way you’ve referenced the question, because typically we win fairly big projects based on growth of traffic. That’s absolutely, we are receiving traffic, we maybe securing the traffic, we may be doing carrier grades not never to address translation and obviously the diameter knows an extra solution in that basis. So it’s hard to give you a specific feel apart from what we have a fairly growing portfolio and our solutions are absolutely linked to a growth in mobile and the LTE type architectures are coming along.
John McAdam: That’s a very good example. That was last quarter with a reasonable sized order that was mainly doing optimization, but also because of VIPRION’s power and its flexibility is also doing some security, firewall security features as well.
John McAdam: If my memory serves me well, that’s very similar to last quarter’s question. Mark, I maybe wrong in that but I will look back and check but I think I have that 30%. We are not going to update during the year where we are at. We said we would be disappointed with less than 20%. That’s still the case. You heard Andy’s confidence about the second half and stick into that, but we are not going to give any updates. In terms of -- what I will say is...
John McAdam: I will say, is what’s becoming clear to us here is that when we look at the core business, we feel good about that. We feel good about our products, the roadmap, the refreshing the 2400 vCMP, v11, et cetera. We feel very good about our security and the ability to do additional business in security and the momentum we’re getting with that and we also feel and I’m really now talking about FY ‘13 that with Diameter and what we’re doing in service provider that we can see an expanding market there as well.
John McAdam: Yeah. I mean we will give fairly granular guidance for Q4, but we won’t do that until after this current quarter Q3 is complete. Typically, it’s a very strong quarter, but we’ll wait till the next call to talk about the details of that.
Dan Matte: Very significant. I’m not going to be drawn into giving a percent but extremely significant near both areas, that’s what the trends are going, not just in Telco, I think that they’re going to have a capability and a solution-based and the enterprise as well.
Dan Matte: Yeah. Absolutely, Stephen. This is Dan Matte. So we continue to see growth there. We have a team that actually works on iApps day-in and day-out. So internally we are also working with our big application partners like Microsoft and Oracle to try and simplify deployment for a workbook. So that continues to grow. I don’t know off the top of my head, the number I know is more than it was last quarter. We are seeing that tie into a couple of different places too. One is with continued growth in DevCentral and that continues to be a place, where people pick up on iApps and make use of them and share them with other people. And then the other thing is we’re using them to help to push into market to penetrate different areas, for example, VDI, where we’ve done a lot of iApps work to help us penetrate the VDI market more successfully and push F5 technology into places that could help people to save money and get better performance.
Dan Matte: We have been following that for quite some time, both sFlow -- not sFlow but the OpenFlow and the OpenStack initiatives. Internally, we have been working towards looking at how that could be adjacent or fit into our business. But in terms of the technology, we see a pretty good synergy with what we do and how that might fit that model, so we expect to work with that in the future to go forward.
Dan Matte: And Alex, this is Dan on the rest of it. So, on the cloud front and virtual addition to talk about first. So we continue to see great growth in adoption of our virtual additions. As John mentioned, sequential growth and year-over-year growth that we’re very, very pleased with. We’re not breaking that out as a number of percent, in terms of the cloud piece lots of things going on in that front. We have programs to elect cloud providers adopt our technology with and resale it basically into their environment, into their customers. So we’ve seen a great deal of interest and we’re sort of early days with those programs, but those move forward for us. On the VDI piece, there are I guess a couple of things going on. One is that we’ve been doing a lot of work in terms of partnering with folks like VMware and Microsoft and coming up with things like wide-eye apps to help to deploy into their and help make their solutions work even better. And then as I mentioned earlier too with us great solutions that we watched and announced earlier the last quarter from environment like Citrix with their Xen piece and having F5 and BIG-IP fit in and actually in our opinion, work even better than our own products. So that’s been a successful for us too.
Mark Anderson: Hey, Alex. I will take the first part of your three-part questions. This is Mark Anderson. So, yeah, we’re really proud of EMEA. I mean as amazing as it seems our businesses has grown there really well year-over-year, sequentially quarter-over-quarter and amazingly consistent across the geographies including Southern Europe where the economies are the tightest. So I think really good execution. Obviously, market-leading technology and a strong work ethic from the team out there.
Mark Anderson: Yeah. Sure, Alex. We work with them in the field. I think we have a common enemy in Citrix and I think there is strong motivation on both sides.
Mark Anderson: So that’s why the VIPRION platform has been so popular at the service providers, because they can simply add blades and not have to reconfigure their entire network unlike a competitor’s solution where they have to go back in and reapportion VLAN and other network configuration settings that we don’t have to do. So we truly scale these networks, especially when they are starting to point carrier based product interest.
