John Eldridge: Thank you, Brian, and welcome, all of you, to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014. John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Executive VP and CFO, will be the speakers on today's call. Other members of our exec team are also on hand to answer questions following John and Andy's prepared comments. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at (206) 272-6571. A copy of today's press release is available on our website. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 21. From 4:30 p.m. today until 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time, October 30, you can also listen to a telephone replay at (866) 491-2915 or (203) 369-1722. During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties and risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail on our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. Before we begin, I want to remind you that we are holding our 2014 Analyst Investor Meeting at the Sofitel Hotel in New York on Thursday, November 13. If you plan to attend the meeting, you can register online from the link on our IR Events Calendar entry for November 13. Now I will turn the call over to Andy Reinland.
John Eldridge: Okay. This is John Eldridge. We're going to take 3 more questions, and then we're going to wrap it up.
John Eldridge: All right. Thank you all very much for joining us, and I hope you -- all of you can find a way to attend our Analyst Investor Meeting on the 13th of November. I look forward to seeing you there. Thank you.
John McAdam: Yes, okay. This is John. Succession planning, as I mentioned, is clearly a top priority for the board and myself, as I mentioned in the beginning of my delivery. We are absolutely -- and I want to be very, very clear on this. I'm also very, very committed to delivering world-class quarters during the year as well. But clearly, succession planning is a top priority. I mentioned that we've got tremendous bench strength in F5 right now. So you can draw your own conclusions from that. But what we're going to do with the board is we're going to be focused on this subject, we're going to do it properly, it's going to be smooth, it's going to be professional, and I feel pretty comfortable with that. That's really all that I'm going to say on that subject right now.
John McAdam: Yes, in fact, I mean, I think the -- we're pretty excited. I am, and so is the service provider team, about the TCP optimization stuff that we've done during the year. I wouldn't underestimate that opportunity. Basically for heavy traffic, it's a great money-saver for the -- and increases the quality for the service providers. Traffix, we feel really good about. I did mention, however, that this -- the short term, and that's probably towards the end of this year. We're very focused on making sure these big, pretty significant, complex projects we're working on with Tier 1 people goes smoothly. So that's going to be our main focus, but you'll start to see that ramp again, I'm pretty sure, as we move into the calendar 2015. And then security, security is a big one. I mean, we're starting to see traction with the Gi firewall. We've still got a lot of POCs, proof of concepts, going on. We've had orders, million-dollar-plus orders on that, and that could be very big for us. So I think there's a whole bunch of things going on there. And PEM, I mentioned, the traction in that as well.
John McAdam: There's no way we would say that. I think that'll be prudent not to say that. It is lumpy. If we hit it off with the Gi firewall, that could be interesting.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John. I'll just take a minute, and I think Manny and Karl can give you much more detail. The key to understand us is our position in the data center and our strength there. So most of our security solutions -- and we have access solutions as well to the mobile devices. But the key to understanding our strength is, a, we're all about the application, we're really well-placed in the data center and we have massive performance advantages. So with that, maybe Karl and Manny could give you more detail.
John McAdam: Yes. No, no, I don't see anything abnormal. I mean, as I was saying, we have a pretty good sales force, and they know what Q4 is all about. They have accelerated and they're focused. They have a sales club and they drive Q4 business. So normally, and the emphasis on normally, you will always see that the pipeline goes down somewhat because they close so much business, and that's the same as it was last year. But in terms of our like-for-like, we're seeing growth opportunities across the board and these drivers we've talked about.
John McAdam: Yes, we are not seeing a dilution at all with the VE-type solutions. They tend to be very different from an architecture nature. They tend to be very horizontal in design. And typically, we're seeing some really big ones as well. I mean, there was an extremely big one in the federal space, for example, last quarter. And that -- when I say big, I usually mean more than $1 million. And they're solutions that we probably wouldn't actually be involved in, if it was pure appliance-type sales. So we're not seeing much of that at all. Maybe over time, we will, but certainly not anytime soon.
John McAdam: So this is -- because I know these are scripted, but I think Julian indeed say February. Now having said that, it's going to be during the year. We're not going to -- I don't want to be too specific. But very fast.
John McAdam: Yes, I'd say it's the same. I mean, we do check the competitive runway and it's high, but I don't know the answer to that, Erik.
John McAdam: And the only thing is that GBB, one of the main differentiators between GBB as Best versus Best -- and one of the mains, it's not the only one, is ASM, the WAP solution. So we will take a look at this. And when we talk in 2 weeks' time, we'll maybe give you some more data.
John McAdam: Well, yes. So we -- one of the things we do every year in the company, and we'll be rolling it out actually tomorrow, but we have something called the vital queue, and we have a number of -- many are actions that we want to do, for example, SDN partnerships, and you could probably guess a number of them. And then we normally have some financial goals as well. And obviously, just because I'm going to talk about one goal doesn't mean we want to be -- don't want the other goals to increase. But the main focus for this year, again, is product growth. That's always #1 for us.
John McAdam: Well, yes, the ACE replacement has been extremely significant through the year, very, very strong. And we haven't got specific revenue numbers to give you, but they're very, very strong. The number of add-ons to existing ACE replacements is in the millions, quite often it's a Fortune 500 organization. So we feel very good about that. Every QBR, quarterly business review, one of the things that we ask the sales management to talk about is the relationship with our partners like Cisco and VMware, Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft, companies like that. Because our whole goal is not just about ACE, it's all about partnering with these companies. So it's a win-win, and they gain something from the relationship, and so do we. And the progress in that, with the companies I just mentioned, has been pretty significant.
John McAdam: No, I don't think we'll qualify that -- quantify. But we will, by the way, talk in a lot more detail. And Eldridge just reminded me here, in 2 weeks' time. That is a specific. Again, the topic is what we're doing with these partners. You will hear a lot more about it with some interesting use cases.
John McAdam: Again, we will talk about that in a couple of weeks' time in a lot more detail. But we've looked to what we believe, from a market share and historical perspective, what the kind of installed base is. And we believe it's -- you're going to get more data on this. I don't want to be too specific. You're going to see much more than $1 billion, $1.5 billion, probably near that number. We think -- I say 50%. We actually think it's a lot less than 50% that's been covered so far. So we think the opportunity is way more than 50% still out there remaining. And we'll give you more details in that when we meet with you in a couple of weeks.
Andy Reinland: Yes, so we've talked a lot about in the service provider space, so we see it as being a lumpy business for us. We still feel good about the pipeline. We feel good about what we're seeing, but clearly, we're not hitting that 20% to 25% kind of target that we talk about. But I wouldn't call out anything that I think -- maybe just softer spending, but nothing specific that I could call out relative to us and our experience with service providers that I'd highlight is something to worry about.
Andy Reinland: Yes. I mean, the expectation is clearly for it to flatten out this year. I mean, we've come through the last 3 quarters of 20% product growth sequentially. That's going to create that pull. So every expectation is we'll see that start to trend more positively this fiscal.
Andy Reinland: Yes, with the deferred revenue that we have, well over $600 million. Over 75% of that is current. So that gives us a good anchor when we do our analysis on the coming year.
Andy Reinland: Yes, so we talked about just in next week, we're going to be launching 2 subscription services with Defense.Net and Versafe. We also have Secure Web Gateway. We think we'll see -- probably later in the year, we'll see sales as we launch this out, but that's going to go into deferred revenues. So you're probably going to see over time where that becomes -- breaking that out becomes more of an important metric on deferred subscription revenue.
Andy Reinland: Jess, I wanted to clarify one element to your question that you asked. I didn't hear when you asked about the sequential growth that you were asking specifically about product, and we normally don't guide product. My comments were the total revenue, we expect to see sequential growth. So I just wanted to make that clear.
Andy Reinland: I didn't say that. It's just specifically what I thought you were asking and what I was answering was based on what we normally give, which is...
Manuel F. Rivelo: And this is Manny. The only thing I would add to that is a lot of the footprints that we're going into are new footprints, and that means that they take long proof of concepts. John highlighted all of those. They're inserting ourselves into critical components of the network beyond the traditional traffic steering. And simultaneous with that, what we're seeing for service providers, and we are doing dozens of proof of concepts right now, is a movement to network function virtualization. So we're starting to see that also. So obviously, service providers are going through a massive transformation. Our technology is critical because it continues to drive more towards subscriber and application awareness, and movement from hardware to software or a mix of hardware and software to NFV. So that's going to take a little bit of time, but we're really excited with the progress across the board, everything that John and Andy mentioned.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes, and this is Manny. I'll just add a couple more things to that because I think it was well-covered. The other stuff that's really important to note is that we also view the new -- there's a new perimeter in most enterprises. The perimeter, which was classically the Internet boundary wall, is no longer the case because we have devices that we bring into the corporate environment. So we're doing a lot of work around identity being the new perimeter and the way users access into the network. That's a very large growing business for us. It's our APM business. And the last piece I'll point out is as an ADC, we not only provide security services, we provide availability services and acceleration services, all simultaneously. So that gives us a very strong foothold into these accounts because we're not providing 3 separate devices to secure, accelerate and make an application highly available. We simultaneously provide that based on contextualization of the user accessing the application. So that's really been our strategy and it's taking hold in the market segment.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Well, Catharine, it's Manny. It's hard to -- I don't have year-on-year comparisons. So it's hard to give you that, but I'll show you when we -- on 2 weeks, when we're over at the Analyst Conference, I'll show you 11 use cases that we're selling aggressively into service providers this year. I'd have to go back and tell you how many we're doing last year. But above and beyond that, what we're seeing with service providers is not only the standard use cases we sell around TCP optimization, firewall security, application security, the list goes on and on, but we're also seeing service providers use the extensibility of our product, the openness of the platform, allowing them to program the platform to solve their unique application, traffic-steering problems and/or application problems inside that environment. And that's the power of iRules, iApps, et cetera. So it's hard to put your finger on it because we quite often get going in solving some of their application challenges when other products can't, and that's because of the capability. In addition to that, we're seeing huge momentum with them, as I said, on NFV and VEs as we go across the board. So I'll share more of that with you in 2 weeks, and you could see a slide that has the actual use cases that we're going out aggressively after.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. So yes, we feel very comfortable that we're taking share in that market segment. We just actually had a -- NSS Labs, who ran a large test on our firewall relative to everybody else's firewall, and we scored incredibly well on that. We're also seeing huge traction from our customer base across the deployment of web application firewall. And I think what you'll see is in the future us also putting our web application firewall out into the cloud. As we continue to expand our cloud-based solutions, bring that out. That will give us a full portfolio of services on-prem as well as the services in the cloud. So we feel really comfortable. We have great technology, great performance and a very, very low false positive score, which is really important in the sense that we don't see a lot of noise on the network. We actually see real vulnerabilities.
Manuel F. Rivelo: I mean, it's been -- Erik, this is Manny. It's been high always, as John pointed out. We haven't seen any material difference in that. If we don't see an account, we could lose it, of course. And the other place that we've had a couple of losses over the course of the last couple of years is when a customer doesn't want to deploy it on-prem, but instead wants to deploy it in the cloud, right? And that's part of the driver also to put our solution in the cloud. So absolutely not. At this point in time, I would say it's the same as it's been historically for us.
Manuel F. Rivelo: This is Manny. Just to add to that. John mentioned some of the key networking companies there, HP, Cisco, VMware and Microsoft. We've integrated with all of those companies our Synthesis architecture, our software-defined application services, Layer 4 through 7, with their SDN technology stacks. So obviously, where VMware would be something like NSX; with Cisco, it would be more of their ACI, APIC infrastructure; HVN with Microsoft, et cetera. But we've gone beyond that in those partnerships, in those integrations in the sense that with certain partnerships, we're also integrating with their security stacks, with their cloud stacks, and we have joint go-to-market and channel motions across the board. So the ecosystem there is broad and the ecosystem there has actual go-to-market activity associated with that. So yes, we should expect continued growth in those relationships throughout the year.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes, I'll start. This is Karl. Yes, John tried. Our focus has been the application. I mean, that started when we acquired Magnifire 10 years ago to focus on web application firewalling. And with that, we integrated that as part of our BIG-IP portfolio because we needed -- we wanted the scalability, and we've significantly added to its capabilities along the line, but the focus has been on the application. Then we added things like APM for doing things like remote access, single sign-on, build the front-end applications. And the more general discussion around security is that because we sit in the data center, and because we interact at the transactional level, we're a proxy and we're able to see both sides of the transaction, both from the client and back from the server, and understand the context of the application, we can imply -- we can apply intelligence to that connection that other security devices can't do, such as like a Palo Alto, which sits at the perimeter, which is doing distinctly different types of security services, whereas, we're focused, again, back at the application tier. There's other things that we do there as well. For example, now, we acquired Versafe to provide antifraud services. Again, because we're involved with the transactions, with the fraud -- in between the client and the server, we're able to form a trusted connection with the client dynamically and then send certain conditions and then prevent and detect these different conditions as part of that. And so our focus on security has been effectively preventing attacks against applications. Now we're extending our footprint in the data center, meaning providing other types of security, and you'll see more of that. We're advancing our DDoS capabilities. We're looking at ways to provide risk assessment, other advanced analytics as part of that, and we'll extend from there.
Karl D. Triebes: This is Karl. I don't think there's a big impact there because, largely, we're not tied to a specific operating system. And with the movement to the cloud, with the rise of Linux, with other things that are going out there with VMware and other things, I think we're more closely correlated to that than we are a specific operating system or anything around that because we haven't seen anything to date.
Karl D. Triebes: Yes, I mean, the Grantleys add significant performance. As you know, we have a pretty tight relationship with Intel, so we understand pretty far in advance what's coming and what are the specifics of these processors. In fact, we leverage a lot of their technology, as you know, in our products. But in terms of adoption, I mean, yes, it will improve performance, it allows you to run more virtual servers, you can run more applications, you can concentrate more drives, more traffic into the network, and that's all good for us. And what I think it really speaks to is efficiency of the systems on the back end. Because really what's driving the traffic, it's not just server speeds, but it's actually things that are happening on -- with mobile devices and what's happening outside the perimeter of the data center, right, that's driving these trends. So it just makes it more efficient. But yes, we expect that, that helps our case in the data center, if you will.
Edward Julian Eames: So we're targeting April with an upside of trying get it ready for February, but April's the plan. And with the DDoS service in front of that, we'll announce that next week. And we've opened all the data centers, so we're ready to take orders on that as well.
Edward Julian Eames: Tal, this is Julian. There is a relationship. It can span over 3 quarters to 4 quarters depending on where the product has been sold, whether it's refresh or not. But I think you see the indicator of it in the deferred balance that's grown by 20% and 22% in the last 2 quarters.
Edward Julian Eames: We think we're on the bottom now, and we'll start to see an increase as the reflection of that additional product sales comes in as layers on top of the service sales.
