François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Samik. Well, the first thing I'd say about the restructuring is that I genuinely don't like having to make these decisions because ideally and philosophically we would like to embark every employee that's been part of the journey with F5 into this exciting future that we're building with the company. The executive team has taken immense consideration on this because we know that we are making decisions that impact the lives of many of our colleagues and friends. That being said, we are very focused on the transformation of F5 into a multi-cloud application services leader, and as a result, there is legacy spend that we have that is less relevant for the future than it has been for the past, and we are shifting our focus to the growth areas of F5, and specifically, we are intensifying our investments into software and multi-cloud technologies, in new go-to-market motions, and also in building the necessary digital infrastructure that enables those go-to-market motions. And so today's restructuring is really not about cost-cutting. It really is about realignment of resources towards these areas and accelerating the execution of our strategy. In terms of how you should think about this action as it relates to long-term financial model, it's all very consistent with what we shared at our Analyst & Investor Meeting in March, and so this action has no implied change in our Horizon 1 and Horizon 2 guidance, so this is FY 2019, FY 2020 and also FY 2021, FY 2022.
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, I'll start with the latter part of your question. In terms of acquisitions I think we've touched on this before. I've said that I consider acquisitions to be a potential tool in the execution of our strategy as a technology company. If and when we find that there's an opportunity that makes sense, we will execute on that. And the key for me is that we continue to be disciplined in our investments, whether they be investments in organic innovation or potential investments in inorganic innovation in the future, that we take a very disciplined approach to both. And that's part of what you're seeing in our actions today. In terms of the tractions that we're getting with our new stand-alone security offerings, we don't disclose customer counts, but I can tell you that the new stand-alone security solutions that we have announced we have already won a number of customers with those including a number of customers that are net new customers to F5. And the thing that is for me a significant sign of the traction we're getting there is in a number of these deals we're winning with our SSL orchestration solutions or our Advanced WAF solutions, we are not competing with any ADC vendors. We're really only competing with traditional or next-generation security vendors and our win rate is very strong. As a good example of that is if you take our SSL Orchestration solution we've just released, it really is a use case that is absolutely critical to the security infrastructure, largely because most of the traffic now is encrypted, and sort of traditional security appliances are not very efficient at doing this encryption/decryption work in addition to the security service they have to offer. And so in this case, actually, F5's hardware, security hardware, is extremely efficient than encryption/decryption and we marry that with an intelligent policy-based chaining of security services. And that allows us to provide a service chain across the full security stack and really nobody else can do that. So that's just a great use case for how our stand-alone security solutions are performing and it is absolutely in line with our strategy to be the leader in application security.
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, I don't think we can give you an attach rate specifically. What I think we can share with you is two things. One is you continue to see growth in our software essentially in line with what we shared at the investor meeting, that software would grow in the mid-20s for the year and we're confident this is essentially where we're going to land. And that's true across both our software growth in ADC and our software growth in security. I think that has been the consistent trend over the number of quarters. The other thing we can share with you is a large number of deals, even in security, I would say, a growing percentage of our business even in ADC, sorry, is actually driven by security use cases. And so we don't break that out and we don't quantify that, but I'd say the traction in security is growing both in our ADC business as well as in our stand-alone security business.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Sami, we offer today a managed service where we essentially redirect traffic from some of our customers to scrubbing centers that are largely in Equinix data centers. And then, we perform a number of services in these scrubbing centers. And that managed service is Silverline and it continues to grow. We've added a number of customers again in the quarter. In addition to that, we did say that in 2019 we would be bringing to market a solution we call F5-as-a-Service, which is a – it's a complete self-serve model that would be hosted in a public cloud and would address all of the DevOps buyers that want to go to a pure public cloud buying motion. We remain on track for that solution in 2019. We haven't announced the date yet, and we will as we get closer to delivering on that.
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, thank you. I'm going to disappoint you on both counts because I can't give you numericals. And it's not just that we won't, but let me start with security. In security, our business is both some stand-alone security use cases as well as security-driven use cases in our ADC business. And sometimes breaking that out is actually quite subjective on our part. And this is one of the reasons that we don't disclose that information. I can, on the other hand, share with you that security as a whole is one of the faster growing areas of our business. So it is growing faster than the aggregate revenue, if you will. As it relates to public cloud, again, we don't today – we may in the future, but we don't today purely break out public cloud revenues. Public cloud is actually the fastest-growing part of our business. And we continue to drive customers to public cloud, both buying their license and instant sharing it in public cloud or buying into our systems on a utility basis. I've shared that we're now billing millions of hours per quarter on all the major public clouds. And our cloud edition we just released, actually, we expect to accelerate that because it makes it easy for customers to burst some of their applications into a public cloud and leveraging our auto-scale capabilities. So that's where we see significant acceleration of our software solutions in the future. But I just can't quantify it for you yet.
François Locoh-Donou: No. There's no reason we didn't mention it, Alex. As we kind of predicted last quarter, we saw a growing number of seven-figure software deals. These are typically ELAs, Enterprise License Agreements. And we're seeing, we only released these offerings about nine months ago. And sequentially every quarter over the last three quarters, we have seen the traction in pipeline with this consumption model growing with our customers. And this quarter, we had a record number of such deals on software and on these Enterprise License Agreements. They are particularly important to us because we can land customers on these deals and over time expand them as they add to their initial subscription. So, generally pretty excited about what's happening with the large million-dollar plus software deals that we are seeing.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Jason. Let me start with the latter part first. This is the first year of us offering ELAs and subscriptions, and so no doubt there is an element of learning as we go through the first deals and kind of readjust this as we learn more and also as the volume of these deals continues to increase. That being said, there is not a particular challenge on pricing that we've picked up in those deals. In fact, if anything, if we just look at discounting levels, we think the discounting levels in these types of deals are less than in traditional perpetual software deals. So we're pretty encouraged by the early trends around what we're seeing in terms of customer adoption. So there is not a challenge specifically with ELA or subscription deals.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, we're feeling very good about it, Jason. There's always an element of course of negotiation with our customers, but we're feeling very good about the pricing, but also the consumption model. Our ELAs are unique in that we allow customers to consume and add sort of consumption or throughput to their licenses during a period of time and then we true it up after that. And once our customers really understand the consumption model that we're giving in these ELAs, they realize there's tremendous value in these ELAs and the adoption is pretty strong. So if your question is, are we losing ELA deals because of pricing? The answer is absolutely no.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. Thank you, James. So on the competitive landscape we really like where things are going in the virtual ADC space. In particular, we're very happy with the traction we've gotten with our BIG-IP Cloud Edition. It's just been in the market for one month. We already have a substantial number of wins. And what's happening essentially James is we are offering things that have not been available in the market before. For the first time we are enabling applications teams to self-service on their ADC which is opening up new use cases. We're also for the first time enabling app teams to auto scale their solution. So for applications that are bursty, that's a very important capability, one of the companies I mentioned in the script is an online services company in Asia. They really purchased Cloud Edition because they have naturally a bursty traffic. They have a sort of seasonable demand to their solutions, and so our ability to burst the capabilities and for them to really pay for only what they're using is absolutely critical. And all of that we're offering at the lower total cost of ownership than a traditional VE. And so customers have not been able to get that from a vendor that has both the depth of features that we have and the world-class support that F5 brings to the table. And we see that as a substantial change in the ADC market, so we're very positive on our competitive position. And as I said before in terms of ELA and subscription deals, we're doing well there and we're not seeing a significant challenge from any of the other consumption models you mentioned.
François Locoh-Donou: This new release, James, is really targeted at customers that want to deploy on-prem or want to deploy across multi-cloud. And so it allows customers to essentially augment their capacity from on-prem to a private cloud or a multi-cloud in a seamless way and really for them to auto scale the capability as they need it. So it's not affecting a particular partner. It's more that we are really truly obsessed with what our customers want to do next. And we're delivering an innovation in the way they want to consume the technology that they had been asking for. And in fact, in some cases, because they didn't have that solution from F5, they were looking at potentially other solutions, either from start-ups or open source players. And we're now seeing that we are intercepting some of these proof-of-concepts and having significant win rate, because, ultimately, they want these solutions from a vendor that they trust and that has the capability to support them across multiple environments.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Catharine. So I'll speak a little bit short-term and longer-term. In the short run, we continue to see a great traction with security, firewall solutions, carrier-grade firewall solutions especially in the service provider market, because the increase in traffic – in mobile traffic in particular, requires the scalability that our hardware, specifically our VIPRION solutions provide. And so that's going to continue to grow. And then, there's a number of use cases that are pretty immediate short-term that are also driving demand for our hardware, things like IoT with their high transactional-type applications drive significant demand for our hardware in the carrier space. If we take a more of a longer-term perspective, a number of carriers are looking to virtualize their infrastructure. And the more they move to virtualization, the more they need solutions for, a) traffic management and, b) security. Those two challenges become more important as they virtualize their environment. And F5 is a leading player in both areas. And so we're taking really more deliberate steps and more strategic investment in these areas as evidenced by us bringing onboard James Feger and some of the announcements we've made around what we're doing in the NFV space really to make sure we are aligned with these 5G architectures, with these virtualized architectures, because our customers are asking for more from F5 as a partner as they evolve their architectures.
François Locoh-Donou: No, that's a great nuance. We've had an SSL Orchestrator solution recently, but there were two things with it. One is it required a significant level of, if you will, professional service or customization from F5 to make the solution work in a specific environment. And two, it was only consumable when attached to an ADC. The solution we're now releasing is going to significantly expand the addressable market for F5 in two ways. Number one, a lot of the customizations that we built with our customers over the last couple of years, we've really now productized all these customization. And therefore, the consumption motion or the ease of deployment is much greater for our customers. And so we would expect to see a lot more velocity in the deployment of these solutions. And number two, we've made substantial changes to the solution with things like ease of configuration, that make the solution consumable by a security buyer not attached to an ADC. And that allows us to address a new part of the market, playing purely with security vendors.
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Mark, a couple of things. One is I think we are – our view is unchanged from what we shared with you in March that our expectation is that in 2019 what we will see – 2019 and 2020, it was said we would see low to mid single-digit growth overall that will most likely be low in 2019 and mid in 2020, in part, because of a, I'd say, small decline in the systems business and continued strong growth in the software business. All the indicators we've seen since March tend to validate that that is what I think we'll see in 2019. One needs to be careful about taking too much sort of conclusions from a single quarter because now that we're disclosing our software number, which is still a relatively – it's only 15% of product revenue, so it's still a relatively small number. Quarter-to-quarter that can be lumpy. We can see a high software growth quarter and a low software growth quarter, but when you look at it on an annual basis, the trends that we've talked are really going to continue.
François Locoh-Donou: So, Mark, again, I wouldn't take too much from the quarter-to-quarter iterations. Federal has a sort of natural cycle where we see typically stronger Federal in the latter half of the year and less in the first part of the year. Service Provider generally is a segment that's fairly lumpy for us, and I think not just for us but for most vendors that are in that space. I think North American CapEx in particular this quarter was a little soft. I think we're seeing that in our Service Provider numbers, but I wouldn't be able to predict to you where we're going to see seasonality in the Service Provider space.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Meta. I'll start with Europe, we're pleased with the growth we had in Europe year-over-year. I think some of that – if you recall, we said last fall that we were making a realignment of our resources in Europe to address where we thought there was better growth opportunities, and I think to some extent we're seeing the benefit of that play out in the growth. And the team in Europe actually has executed very well over the last few quarters. We are cautious about Europe because we're still seeing – the macro uncertainty is not gone completely, specifically with the UK and Brexit. So we don't want to get too carried away with what we're seeing in Europe, but we're pleased with the performance this quarter and specifically the execution of our teams. In the Service Provider space, Meta, we don't have a specific target for a percentage of our business because over time we expect our Enterprise and Fed business to continue to grow, and we expect our Service Provider business to grow as well. The one thing I would say is in the Service Provider space, especially as you go through architectural changes, changes in the amount of business happen over a period of time. And right now we're making I think strategic and deliberate investments in that space that will play out over our Horizon 1 and Horizon 2, especially as it relates to NFV.
