François Locoh-Donou: Sami, thanks for the question. The short answer is no. The on the -- what we call the catch-up demand, there are some customers, and I would say there are subset, a small subset of customers who have waited and waited and waited on adding capacity, in part because of the uncertainty related of COVID or the absence of resources or the ability to physically do it who are now doing those refresh. But it isn't -- if you go back to the deals that were pushed out at the beginning of the pandemic, there were some software deals, we call them software transformation deals that were pushed out. And we're starting to see these come back, but not yet in a big way. So I think that's still ahead of us. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Sami, I think we've got to go back and look at the drivers of our hardware business. So I think if you look at where we're at today, Sami, there are 2 kind of macro things that are benefiting the company in general. Generally, there's more spending on applications infrastructure. And we have positioned ourselves to benefit from that. And I think that's a long-term effect. There's also the effect of -- the company is strategically better positioned because of the combination of hardware and software and cloud solutions and security solutions that we have. And that allows us to have more strategic conversations with our customers and being seen as a future-proof partner for the strategic plans. And all of that benefits all of our business, including our systems business. If you look at the drivers specifically to our systems business, there are 2 drivers that I think are long term and one that is more of a transient driver. So if you look specifically on the long term, we talked about at Analyst Day that our mix of security had grown, and that was helping our systems business. And this quarter, we saw again stronger growth in security than in the overall demand. The -- so that helps the systems business. The second factor in our systems business is that, generally, we have some customers who -- if you recall, we talked about that 2, 3 years ago, customers who basically have said they were either going all-in on the cloud or they were essentially pausing their -- the systems business to reconsider their architecture for public cloud deployments. And I think a lot of customers were seeing have kind of graduated from that and now have a clear strategy around the cloud. They have maturity around knowing that they're going to operate in hybrid-cloud environments for a long time to come. And they're very comfortable moving forward with hardware as part of their long-term architecture. And so we're seeing some customers that have decided not to buy any more hardware at all that are coming back and now refreshing or adding capacity to their systems. And so I think those 2 aspects are longer term, Sami. There is one transient driver, which is a subset of our customers that really had to make a refresh because it is end-of-software development. We think that was about $10 million in the quarter. We think that kind of carries on in Q2, but that's a really short-term demand. So when you take all of that into account, Sami, we're not changing our Horizon 2 guidance, but yes, there is the possibility that our hardware business will do better in Horizon 2 than what we saw at AIM. We certainly think that for FY '21, it's likely to do better than what we had in our overall Horizon 2 guidance. 
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. Not necessarily directly, Alex. There is a -- there is, of course, heightened awareness of it generally by CISO and security organizations. Our security trends have been pretty strong over the last several quarters. The aspects that have accelerated security for us relate more to, a, more customers moving to software and attaching more security use cases as they move to software. Same happening when they move to the public cloud, attaching more security in the public cloud environment. And then with the addition of Shape, what we have seen, frankly, since the pandemic started, what we're still seeing today is as more and more businesses go to digital channels, that also attract more fraud. And so our offers for anti-fraud are seeing very strong demand. I mentioned a couple of use cases in my prepared remarks, but that is across the board, large and small companies, there is more online fraud, and we're very well positioned to protect against that. 
François Locoh-Donou: Alex, yes, there is definitely an element of the overall portfolio, creating stronger demand for F5. Beacon is still early days. But certainly, with NGINX, there is a significant factor. And we're seeing it here as the halo effect of our participation in modern application. We are -- what's happening, Alex, is a lot of times, we think about traditional and modern applications in kind of separate silos. But the reality for large enterprises is they do a lot of application modernization. That is they will have a traditional application that is typically supported by BIG-IP. And as they modernize that application, they don't refactor it, but they add modern components to that application. And these new modern component, typically microservices, NGINX is ideally suited to support these modern components. And so we're seeing that the combination of NGINX and BIG-IP gives a full solution set for these modernization initiatives that customers have, and it's pulling both NGINX and BIG-IP together. So there's definitely an effect of the portfolio and the synergies coming together and driving growth. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. On the cloud side. So Tim, we had very strong demand in the cloud. The growth in public cloud was actually stronger than the organic software growth rate that you saw. And that has been the case for the last number of quarters. And just generally, Tim, to the demand of software, yes, we will see still some variability, but the overall demand drivers for software are very strong. And I'll point to a couple. We had a all-high -- all-time high a number of multiyear subscription agreements in the quarter. A lot of these subscription agreements include multiple software solutions from F5, including NGINX. NGINX had the best quarter ever, and we're really seeing as customers start to really deploy these modern applications, NGINX growing very fast. We also made some investments still, as you know, in NGINX, a year ago in the controller and app security, and we're seeing the effect of those in terms of growing the size of deals that we have. And the addressable deals that we can bring to the table. And so when you factor that cloud, the number of subscription agreements, NGINX and some new catalysts that haven't played out yet, we have some catalysts around the true forwards in our subscriptions, some new use cases for Shape that are coming. So we feel very good about our software for Horizon. 
François Locoh-Donou: No, we haven't broken out NGINX lately, but it's -- you saw the numbers, Paul, that we shared at our Analyst and Investor Day around doubling of revenue of NGINX and the growth in deal size. And essentially, this trend is continuing or accelerating, I should say. 
François Locoh-Donou: Meta, let me start with the service provider. Our bookings in -- or demand in service provider were up year-on-year. And we continue to see strong demand in 4G solution. We're seeing start of some capacity increases related to 5G. But we think the bigger kind of demand in 5G is probably still 6 to 12 months away. But generally, so the trends in our service provider business has kind of continued as stable. As it relates to customers in the enterprise and whether some of them are still not moving forward with some projects, yes, that is still the case. What we're seeing, Meta, is our incumbency in a number of customers and the fact that we're operationalized, whether we're operationalized in hardware or in software is actually a significant advantage because we still see a lot of customers that continue to do incremental things, and we'll come back to bigger transformational projects later. And yes, in some ways, because with a number of customers, hardware is still a majority of our business, that does favor our hardware business way more than our software business. 
François Locoh-Donou: James, look, I think the major drivers here are more around increased investments in application infrastructure, driven by an acceleration of digital transformation and digital channels for all companies, that is floating to application infrastructure and capacity additions. I think that's, I would say, is kind of factor #1. I think our improved strategic position with customers and the fact that they are more comfortable forward with a hardware purchase with F5 knowing that we are also their partner for software that were now also their partner for modern applications, that were also their partner for public cloud deployments, and they don't see F5 as a single-threaded horse, if you will, that's just a hardware partner, that is also providing an opportunity for -- opportunities to move forward even in hardware. I would say those are the 2 major factors. The catch-up is just for some customers that have just tried to wait out, if you will, the pandemic to do some refresh. Some of them are moving forward. But I would say that's less of a factor than the first 2. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. For fiscal Q2, James, you should think of it as $10 million or less than -- so we think it will be less than what it was this quarter, as Frank said, but exactly where, can't pin it. And then to your point around other systems that were maybe in the same situation, there isn't any similar effect in the next 18 months. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, yes, I mean, I think as we discussed earlier, whilst we are not changing our overall view for Horizon 2 of an overall growth of 7% to 8%, if you look at the recent trends, it's possible that we're going to see on our systems business a better trend than what we anticipated in our Horizon 2 guidance. Now I will remind you that when we laid out our Horizon 2 guidance and the drivers of growth for F5, that are driving the 7% to 8% growth, there were 3 substantial drivers. The first one is continued momentum in software and software subscriptions, and we are continuing -- I mean, we posted 70% growth year-on-year this quarter. And we're going to continue to see very strong growth in software because the flywheel of subscriptions that we've put in motion now 2.5 years ago is really working well for us as a motion and for our customers. The second driver is demand for application security, and we're seeing that also being very strong, boosted by the addition of Shape and the use cases that I've talked about. And then the third driver was a moderation in our systems declines. And we had said at the time, it would moderate from double-digit to high to mid-single-digit decline. Now we felt when we put the guidance together that not all 3 of these things have to go -- had to go perfectly for us to achieve the 7% to 8%. And so we have multiple paths of getting there. And right now, in this first quarter, essentially, there -- all 3 are pretty much going very well. So if that continues, I hope there's a possibility we do better than what we thought. And right now, specifically in hardware, the trends are pretty strong. 
François Locoh-Donou: The growth for Horizon 2 was 35% to 40% for all software and the only component of that -- pre-Volterra, of course, that was organic, was just one quarter of Shape, which was the quarter we just had, the first quarter. Everything else was organic. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. We don't break that out. The answer is no. It wasn't going to be flat. It was going to grow much faster than that. But we don't break out specifically the software growth percentage of BIG-IP versus NGINX. Frankly, increasingly, as I showed earlier, those solutions are actually used in the same subscription agreements to support customers that are -- that have traditional and modern applications that need to scale. And so they have become increasingly synergistic and kind of driving growth for one another but the software growth number that we shared, including BIG-IP, NGINX, Shape as part of our security portfolio. 
François Locoh-Donou: Samik, I think just to be clear, we're not changing our guidance for Horizon 2 of 7% to 8%. That remains our view on Horizon 2. If we're speaking specifically about FY '21, Samik, if you look clearly in the first half, our expectation, if you look at the midpoint of guidance for Q2 is we will exceed the 7% to 8% just on the basis of the first half. And frankly, if the trends that we're seeing right now were to continue, there's a possibility we could exceed that as well for FY '21. But we're not here guiding for FY '21. If you're asking about the underlying drivers that I see in the business for growth, I think the drivers we're seeing for both software and security are very strong and very sustainable. And in hardware, some of the drivers we're seeing that I've talked to are actually sustainable. There is a change there that we're seeing in how customers are approaching deployment of traditional applications in this hybrid-cloud environment. And the place that they're giving F5 in their go-forward plans and the strategic position we occupy now, I think that is sustainable. There are a couple of things that I think are transient, that are not. And so how much of that will play out in terms of FY '22 and beyond, it's really too early to say that now. 
François Locoh-Donou: Well, Amit, I mean, it's a good question. Look, the way I would think about this is if you look at the kind of long-term trends for F5 and where we're going to be as a company in the long term, and we have said for the long term, with the acquisition of Volterra now, we expect to grow double-digit in the long term. That's going to be driven by software, software subscription and SaaS. We don't expect our hardware business to be a growth business going into the future. So that's our view of things. And there's nothing that has happened in the last 3 months that would make us fundamentally change that view of the long term. Now in the short term, will it accelerate beyond what we're seeing in the second half of 2021? That's unlikely, but we're not going to roll it out given what we're -- given the dynamics that we're seeing with our customers today. 
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. And it's the harder comp because -- as a reminder, Amit, we had -- last Q2, I think our growth rate was 95% or 96% year-on-year. So you have a harder comp. But the underlying dynamics and drivers for software demand are very strong across NGINX, Shape, subscription agreements and the momentum we're seeing there and general security. So that, we are very confident that it's going to continue to pick up. 
Francis Pelzer: Paul, actually, it was higher than that, bud. So it's -- we didn't get the exact number, but it's higher than that. There was some slight growth over what we experienced in Q4. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, Paul. So what we talked about is the 31% to 32%. And that's what we are targeting. If we find opportunities for investment to continue to drive that revenue growth, we will make those investments. Having said that, we are committed to that 31% to 32% in FY '21 and the overall Horizonal 2 outlook that we gave you as well as the long-term model. And so that's the way we are managing the business. We are very excited to see the 10% growth this quarter and the 8.5% for next quarter implied in the midpoint of our guidance range, and those are both obviously above the Horizon 2 outlook and the factors that go into the rule of 40%, we ended up at 43% this quarter. And so we're really happy with that continued progress. But that rule of 40% is the North Star that we continue to strive for within the business. 
Francis Pelzer: And I'm assuming you mean visibility in the pipeline and sales opportunities is the primary factor here. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. We -- visibility continues to grow and be strong for us, Paul, and we're excited about the outlook that we've given you. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, we didn't split it out specifically, Rod. I think it's going to be in those low single digits. My guess is it's higher than the 1% that you saw this quarter, but I'm not expecting it to be in the mid-single digits. 
Francis Pelzer: It's de minimis. We talked about less than $10 million for the full year when we discussed the -- announced the acquisition. And so it's going to be de minimis, Rod. It's not a number that we're going to split out. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes, Rod, it was about 5 growth points in the quarter. And it may be something similar to that. There's obviously a declining revenue stream between Q1 and Q2 for systems on the product side. And so it's hard to say exactly, but it probably is a little less than $10 million, but I wouldn't say it's dramatically less than $10 million. 
Francis Pelzer: I don't -- not give any guidance beyond that, bud, but the date that we had given out was April '21, 2 or 3 years ago. And so it could stretch beyond that. For some customers, this is a generation -- 2- or 3-generation-old product. And so I don't know exactly when people are going to go through that upgrade cycle. But our guess is it's done mostly by next quarter. 
Francis Pelzer: Yes. We're not splitting it out specifically, bud, but I would say it's in the sort of single-digit millions. So I would say, mid-single-digit millions would be probably more accurate. But those -- that's something that we're not going to expect to sort of split out going forward. It's just too de minimis in terms of the total number. 
Francis Pelzer: No, that's what we called out, and that's our feeling, and it's just a much harder comp that we had in Q1. 
