John McAdam: No, we obviously checked in a big way and really and this is sounding weird but really there was nothing complex that we could see. We just saw -- the more we looked at the pipeline going through the quarter you could see that the forecast deals weren't moving along as fast as they should -- that was -- this was only in the Americas by the way and the enterprise and then in Federal as well some. No vertical that stood out just generally across the board. And then we were not talking about a significant number of million dollar deals but they obviously make a difference. 
John McAdam: So 44% was the total software and within that -- and that includes virtualization and that includes modules and areas like vCMP within the ADC solution. And the other thing I said was that the fastest growing was the virtualization ADC. However, the security module software is a pretty significant part of that growth as well. 
John McAdam: We don't give out that specific -- why -- because I don't have them to hand anyway but we typically don't give that out. But security you are going to hear me talking again a few times in the call and that still remains our biggest driver and I think that's going to be the case for a while. 
John McAdam: Because if you take the Gi firewall for example. You see that these were pretty significant deals and of course the security module ASM associate with it and that's pretty expensive. 
John McAdam: Yes. So typically and the one that I was talking specifically on this call and we have seen Gi firewall deals over that one wave, the one I was referring to for U.S Tier 1 providers and nobody mentioned customer names of course. The $2 million plus Gi firewall deals was directly related to frankly I think it's about two years we've been working with this particular service provider on the orchestration road map so that’s easy, the initial orders and that opportunity that can be big obviously is only when we execute properly.
John McAdam: I mean incumbent typically in the areas in the U.S. as Europe. It’s not always been that, some of the replacements that’s typically incumbent.
John McAdam: On the revenue side the jump was we’ve seen for a number of years clients go for terminus contracts 1st of January and the 1st of July. This quarter obviously ended with the 1st of January we had a very strong push and we’re able to recognize more revenue within the quarter and as far that push we build out the deferred revenue. 
John McAdam: Because contracts end for January, when you’re trying get them renewal before that date and because the terminus some of the units have not been on support for two, three or four months so we get some back dated revenue there at the same time.
John McAdam: No, we don’t think so, I mean if you look at last fiscal year 2014 we saw a pretty significant rebound in the large million dollar plus deal every single quarter and obviously we saw a bit Q1 ending in December, and having said that we expect to see that rebound given what we’re looking at A, in terms of some of some of that slipped and B, the creation rate that we’ve done over in Q1 which was pretty solid. So we expect the million dollar numbers that strong again in the current quarter.
John McAdam: So, by there were only guidance in the quarter remember and I know that’s not good because we tend to just to be clear. On the first part you’re absolutely right, if you go back 2013 when we saw a fairly precipitous drop in $1 million deal we did talk about macro, more than once in that case and that because when we look at that the forward-looking pipeline wasn’t anything as strong as it is looking today. So we’re seeing here this is a definite scenario in our opinion but we really believe this was more seasonality link than anything. And a piece of fed as well with us clearly some lack of transparency in fed and will know that budget and there was were the two things that we see. But as we look forward we see a stronger pipeline with the higher percentage of factoring in their pipeline, hence was repairing from actual. Second question was? Yes, translation from the software. No, we don’t see that in fact interesting enough these software deals that we see from the virtualization perspective or from an NFD perspective these are big I mean these are actually pretty big deals as customers are feeling a closer application and buying a lot of instances of the virtualization. So maybe overtime we’ll see that but I don’t believe that was indicator this quarter.
John McAdam: And remember with these virtualization deals, we have the same concept Good, Better, Best we have modules we have all the competitive functionality we have we have in this software side as well.
John McAdam: Really I don’t think we can and I just don’t think we can. It’s based what the deals that they have we understand them. They’re very similar because what we have in Q4 or we had a massive crucial with large deals, and we don’t see any changes in that landscape whatsoever.
John McAdam: You know, we thought but and if you look at the drivers and it's look through them again just to summarize but obviously product refresh we talked about there. It was a low hanging fruit at the beginning, it’s not quite yet at the moment probably, do we still have a very large installed base of products that we can refresh absolutely. So I think that area obviously 1200 with SSL capability I think is clearly at one point a product but it sells its capability that’s a pretty good opportunity to refresh as well. But the big drivers of security was a firewall that we talk about at ASM with I think the wise solution and DDoS on premise and off premise. And then the service provider we feel very good with the drivers there from an NFD from a security perspective TCP optimization. We still feel good about ACE I mentioned of what we’re going to do there. And the FDN partnerships and in general the cloud movement I think is a growth possibility for us. So product refresh probably to some degree but we still think has a big opportunity there.
John McAdam: Historically last quarter you need to be careful with that because it’s always beginning of the financial year for our companies, and we’re assuming, I hope relatively conservative growth rates in the pipeline and we’ll see what takes us.
John McAdam: And on eventualization say the things which I think the space in [indiscernible] that I get to answer again to a similar question which was basically first of all these are still number. I mean this is still a relatively small market versus overall ADC market. But the deals that we’re seeing are pretty large in nature and we need to market exactly to see the demonstrates of is all hardware waste is but I am not sure we see much difference quite frankly. So I don’t think that’s - if you’re looking for exact platform we’re half in terms of gain to lower end we don’t think so.
John McAdam: That’s a really hard one we don’t know the answer to that right. We just don’t do the answer I think as more company announced that there may be some more news here. I certainly wouldn’t call that’s why we’re not calling as my crew either quite frankly. The other side of the coin is that create rate that we had is probably the biggest create rate we see is not the biggest and certainly one of the biggest. I am talking about large deals, so table tell and tell us whether it’s a bigger issue or not.
John McAdam: I think if you take a medium to long term due that’s correct, that is absolutely correct you’re going to see is selling more and more software we’ve done that now and we push the salesforce to do that, that’s is a competitive edged is obviously very, very possible. We think when migrate in terms of BIG-IQ orchestration for managing software across close and close across data center et cetera. So you will see that I don’t think it’s going to be a complete revolutionary process I think it’s going to be evolutionary. If you look at the -- it’s interesting if you look at GI firewall opportunities the software content in that quarter is very significant. But still is a obviously the hardware content because it need to call this significant amount of traffic either on the detail side of things or just in pure mobile traffic firewall protection. So I think the trends is going to be there but to pick one quarter from Q4 to Q1 and say that's a trend would be very dangerous. We don't believe that.
John McAdam: Let me start with EMEA because that’s an easier one. EMEA in my opinion is tremendous execution and we have great management their they’ve been covering their territory really well, selling big deals, selling a software capabilities, internally always had a very strong leaning towards security and very [indiscernible]. So I think we are talking execution. I think in Japan it is different, Japan still tend to go for a smaller type products, where quite competitive there and spending a lot time trying to get direct business app, direct touch I should say still with part of the direct touch. We made some progress but it’s pretty slow and general economy is quite slow. Then APAC we have been doing some changes, some management changes. We actually feel good about the trajectory APAC is on. 
John McAdam: Historically when we’ve seen fluctuations in currency because we U.S. dollars principally in EMEA and we have been able to navigate that working with the partners and the resellers conversely they benefit at times when it’s gone the other way. So I am not sure we would have to fairly do a change in price strategy from that, but we will as we execute to the quarters take that into consideration as we look at deals and work with the partners and resellers to close business. 
John McAdam: So on the Good, Better, Best. The metrics are very similar. I mentioned still gravitating greatly towards Best. In fact I think this quarter even higher in terms of a percentage towards Best. And if you look at where we are in the process, North America of the Houston, and they have been pretty aggressive in selling that, we started in a couple of quarters later when the quarters one to two quarters later seeing EMEA starting but if more room to do the job. And then APAC and Japan and particular so tend to lag a little bit with making changes like that. So we expect that to start to rave up in the future as well.  In terms of the factoring, actually when we do our factoring we do intend to just factor by size of deal. We look at the overall factor, we look at the fact of timeline and we look at close expectation. So that tends us to runway across the low deals up to the high deals as well. 
John McAdam: Okay, thank you very much for turning in. And we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. 
Manuel Rivelo: Michael, this is Manny. No, absolutely not, I mean what we’re seeing as we're basically seeing the need depending on being the enterprise or service provider. Of course customers who want to go software are only architectures. In general, there are some newer competitors sometimes in the market but it tends to be the same classic competitors who I have offered a hardware version and the software version.
Manuel Rivelo: Subrahmanyan, this is Manny. I am going to answer the service provider. On the service provider there are four major drivers that I think we talked more about them definitely in John’s prepared comments, which is consolidation across the Board from a service provider point of view and that consolidation of services predominately traffic-steering services, care-giving that services and some of other services in there that were consolidating type of environment, that reduces CapEx really for many of the operators throughout there because they’re going from multivendor to single vendor. Second major driver we have a security which is also something we can overlay on that same footprint again through a consolidation point of view, but we call it out as a separate driver because of just the impact from the side associated with that, but there is NFV and the NFV footprint that we’re seeing out there which are still early proof of concepts to some degree and we are in various proofs of concepts across the world. Was trying to see some of those pan outs and that’s what happened in this past quarter and why we got a big bump, also on our software sales. And the last is the LTE of the mobility movement going to 4G networks which we’ve been feeding in the customer environment for the last two years. And was trying to see there also from a driver perspective is that these networks get deployed, get expected usage volume goes up new devices are being enabled meaning additional mobile handset. But also new devices from the perspective of the internet of things that we’re going to see additional software license there. So those are predominately the four major drivers and those are usually either tackling the CapEx line from a consolidation point of view, or the monetization line from something along the perspective of LTE and being able to bring on new services to the market.
Manuel Rivelo: And just to add one more comment any get on the software side that we see is we see an expansion of the application needs in the market segment. But I mean by that is historically a handful of applications in the typical enterprise and service provider got the ADC services because there was harder deploy much more complex. As we move toward a much more software based architecture when you see is a broader set of applications getting these services got things to do apply to those services in the environment. So it’s actually to a large degree and expansion in the market.
