Andy Reinland: Thank you, Paul. So, I’ll start, on your first question as it relates to Europe. I think you heard that we had some challenges in Europe in 2017, which we felt were linked both to some macro issues around the environment, Brexit, some uncertainty around regulation, and we also felt that some of it had to do with our own organization and some execution challenges we were having. Over the last, I’d say, two quarters, we felt the number of these have gotten -- have moved in the right direction, so a lot of the macro uncertainties in Europe I think are resolved. There’s more clarity around Brexit, generally the European economies in Continental Europe are doing much better. And so we feel that the macro environment is generally better, and we’ve made some changes in our own formation in Europe. We’ve made some leadership changes. We’ve also realigned our teams towards what we perceive to be the best opportunities for growth. And as a result, we’re doing better. We are really encouraged by the results we saw in Europe this quarter. We’re cautious because we had several quarters of challenges there, but we’re also optimistic about what we’re seeing with our pipeline generally in Europe and our execution. Your second question was on product revenue growth; and generally, the customer behaviors that we’re seeing. There hasn’t been much change on that front since last quarter that -- we’re seeing two things specifically on the iSeries refresh. Number one, the adoption of the product continues to be very strong. It is a very high-quality product. Our customers really see actually new use cases for the product and really love the performance of the product, so we’re continuing to see strong adoption within our customer base for the platform. On the other hand, we’re also continuing to see some delays in decision-making related to hardware, in part because of the complexity of the architectures that our customers are dealing with now. As they move applications across multiple clouds, some in hybrid cloud, some in private cloud, some in public cloud, the variables in the decision-making process are just more complex and we’re seeing elongated cycles of decision-making and that’s one of the reasons. I think the key reason, why we don’t think we’ve seen the growth acceleration that we would have expected at this point in past cycles.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. Tim, so I’ll start with the service line and I think a couple of things is when we tend to see seasonally just based on calendar end contracts align and things like that and that helps drive business. We also had a program in place for really focusing on going after business in Europe that we felt we weren’t focused on enough and actually had a pretty effective quarter in recapturing a lot of maintenance contracts that for lack of a better description slipped through the cracks. So those one-time things helped drive the strength that we saw. So we’ll see that pullback a little bit in Q2 along with normal seasonality but that’s built into the guidance.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. And then on the services business, yeah, that -- because most of our services business and revenue is driven by maintenance and renewals, and given where our product revenue has been over the last year and a half, many times we talked about we’re going to see that pull down our services billings overtime, and therefore, the revenue. We think returning to product revenue growth will then pull that back up. So year-over-year we are seeing it pull down a little bit on a percentage basis, it was expected, it’s directly correlated to our products business. That’s just how it is and as François said, as we expect to see that improve as we execute through the year, we’d expect that to see services pull from that as we return to product revenue growth.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So to the average deal size, this quarter it was about $113,000, so still within that kind of band that we see. We think a little bit of that’s seasonality, if you look a year ago Q1, it was $110,000. We’re not seeing any dynamic in the deals combined with that that would lead us to any other conclusion that we’re still in that band and we don’t think it’s pulling up or down deals. And as far as renewal rates, we saw that tick up because of the cleanup in EMEA, but overall I’d say it’s pretty normal.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. So what we expect is we will see -- as we see the benefit of that through the year, the majority of it we think is going to fall through and now it’s still early days. We’re evaluating it against our strategy. But and we’ll talk more about this at AM. But there’s a reality to how we view our business and where -- how we value our business model, and we’re going to take all of that into consideration, and we think by March 8 we’ll be able to talk in more detail about what we’re going to do with that free cash flow. But again, as I started out, we’ll see a lot of that flow through, but reluctant to give anything more specific than that right now.
Andy Reinland: Well, I’ll start with the first one on the service and maintenance. Do we think that hinders customers upgrading and John can add on to this if he has additional commentary from his perspective, but really this was a program put in place, because we think we lost a little focus there. This wasn’t anything more than smaller deals were just not getting addressed. We regrouped the team and where they thought they were lost we said they’re not lost, go after them, and get renewals. And when we renew, we can capture the revenue for the period of time that’s gone by between the expiration of the contract and the renewal and we think that was the main driver there, not anything that you could correlate that that’s directionally how they might be thinking about upgrading their equipment.
Andy Reinland: Yeah. And then on the foreign currency, could that be helping us, I mean, clearly because we bill internationally primarily in U.S. dollars, it makes our equipment more affordable. Anecdotally, I am not hearing anything that would say that’s driving business. I would contend this really is more about projects that were delayed as they worked their way through everything going on from Brexit to GDPR and it’s getting to the point where it’s freeing up again. So I wouldn’t correlate those two things personally.
Andy Reinland: Thank you everyone for participating today. We hope that we see many of you in New York in March. Good afternoon.
François Locoh-Donou: Yeah. So we don’t quantify it, Paul. I think we’ve said it is growing fast. These numbers are still small relative to our overall revenues. They’re growing very fast, and we’ve actually exceeded our own expectations again this quarter in terms of the growth we’re seeing in our solutions in the public cloud. We’ll probably say more about -- overall our public cloud strategy, the solutions we have in there, and the traction we’re seeing in the public cloud at our Analyst Meeting in March, Paul.
François Locoh-Donou: Actually I do think so, you have to part that into two domains. There are some applications that are -- that we support that are moving to the public cloud and generally we have a very strong attach rate to these applications. But I think in these use cases, it is substitutive to something we would have done on-prem in the past, so that -- there’s definitely an element of cannibalization or if you will, just a change in deployment model of on-prem versus public cloud. But we’re also seeing net new use cases, so we do acquire and we did again this quarter acquired a number of net new logos, so these are companies that have never bought from F5 before and bought for the first time in our public cloud partners AWS, Azure, or Google. And we’re also seeing some types of deployments that we would have not had access to before. So a number of our deployments in the public cloud are utility based. This is where customers are essentially renting F5 Virtual Editions for hours, and we’re already billing several millions of hours of Virtual Edition in public cloud today, and that’s net new incremental for us. That’s not opportunities we would have had access to before.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Mark. So I think actually from an iSeries refresh perspective, we don’t see a change. We think the demand for the product is very healthy. As I’ve said we’re seeing new use cases for the product in IoT, high transactional applications, et cetera, and we think that’s going to continue for the longer term. There are though some product drivers of product revenue growth that we think are kicking in and probably will accelerate in the second half of the year. Virtual editions will continue to grow. We expect our public cloud revenues to continue to grow. We continue to see strong demand for our security solutions, in particular driven by WAF and the increasing trend towards to encryption of all traffic that we deal with. And our SSL capabilities position very well -- position us very well to deal with that. So security, Virtual Editions and public cloud, I think will continue to be a driver in the second half of the year. And then there’s some changes we’ve made, we’ve talked about our realignment during our earnings call three months ago. There’s some changes we’ve made structurally in our sales channels, go-to-market and some consumption models that we have started offering that we expect to have also an impact going into the rest of FY18. So when you factor all of that, I think we feel pretty good about what we’ve said last quarter, which is continued improvement in product revenue performance throughout the year.
François Locoh-Donou: No. Nothing -- I would say nothing in particular. I think the demand in service providers in the U.S. was, it’s typically lumpy but it was weak this quarter. So you factor all that in, it made up for I’d say a decent performance in North America but not particularly strong. I’d say North America enterprise was stronger than North America service provider.
François Locoh-Donou: So I’ll take your question on the product and Andy will touch on the services, James. So you know, on the product first, this was an execution quarter for us. The product revenue came roughly in line with where we expected it to be. As you know, we don’t guide product revenue specifically for the other quarters, but the drivers that I’ve just gone through around software, security and cloud, as well as the initiatives we undertook both on the product and the sale side give us good visibility into where we think we’re going to be going into FY18. And we expect our product revenue performance to improve sequentially from what we had in Q1 throughout the rest of FY18. I think that’s what we said three months ago and we still feel pretty good about that.
François Locoh-Donou: And Jeff, on your -- to the second part of your question, so we will talk more about capital allocation at our Analyst Meeting in March, but I would say this, generally, access to capital has not impacted our capital allocation strategies historically and I don’t expect this tax rate to fundamentally impact our capital allocation strategy. And it has been and our view will continue to be that we want to return a fair amount of capital to shareholders and that’s been our practice. I think we have one of the strongest buybacks in the industry. But we’ve also said that when we have opportunities for M&A, we will be disciplined about these opportunities, but if we see opportunities to accelerate things that are strategic to us, we will do that. And that philosophy is not fundamentally changed by the benefit we’re getting from the change in Tax Legislation.
François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Alex. I’ll take the first one. John will take security. So, yes, I mean, if you look at our guidance for the March quarter and you -- I think you do a good analysis on the midpoint of the guide, et cetera. Yes, it would imply that we have -- that the product revenue performance in Q2 will be better than what it was in Q1. And in fact, generally, when we look at our -- at the progress we have, the pipeline we see in our product revenue and the execution we see, we actually do feel we are turning the corner on product revenue growth in Q2, and frankly, we would be disappointed if we did not return to product revenue growth in the second half of ‘18.
François Locoh-Donou: And then to the second part of your question, James, so Ram and his priorities. Firstly, on his background, RAM has a long experience in the security industry, both with more traditional security companies and more sort of next-generation cloud-oriented security companies. And so he has a very broad perspective of the industry and that is going to be very valuable for us, because in security we have no shortage of opportunities, and a key part of the mission for Ram is to really prioritize the opportunities that we go after. One of the immediate elements of what Ram is working on is we have been quite successful selling security attached to our ADC and we see opportunity more and more, and demand from our customers to take on some of our standalone security offerings that would appeal more to a sec ops buyer. And so Ram’s looking at what’s the best way to capture that opportunity and which offerings should be first versus offerings that would follow on later, and that’s an immediate priority. And then more broadly, in the space of application security, we’re seeing a lot of new complexities emerge. Those were validated again by the research we did in our State of Application Delivery report, where we’re seeing that, as people adopt more and more multi-cloud environments, their confidence in security solutions is actually decreasing. And really, there’s an opportunity to emerge as a partner to solve these new complexities. Where we start in this journey to multi-cloud application security, again is a set of priorities and investments that RAM is going to define for us.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Mike. And so the last question is easy. Yes, we are targeting standalone security offerings to grow over time. To the first part, no we don’t break that out. I can tell you an important portion of our security or even of our ADC business is driven by security and I would say qualitatively that that portion of the business that’s driven by security is growing every quarter. The other data point I’d give you is that, as our public cloud business grows, the security attach rate in the public cloud is about double what it is on-prem and that’s because of the complexities of securing applications in the public cloud. So that’s as far as I’ll go as far as quantifying our security business, generally the trends are up and more important for us.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes, Mike. So there are multiple responsibilities for Tom Fountain who’s joined us last week as our Chief Strategy Officer. One is we have initiated a number of incubation initiatives where we’re looking at new developments that would have potentially long-term growth opportunities for F5 and these are under Tom in part, because Tom has also a background in venture capital and can help us provide the right oversight for this part of the business. Tom also owns our Business Development Group and our relationships with a number of companies with whom we have partnerships in the IT space. And these partnerships are actually quite important for the topline, because we co-market, we co-sale, we do certifications, we are integrated in their environments, whether it be SDN environments or next-generation IT architectures. And so those partnerships are key to short-term revenues and Tom’s going to help drive that with the Business Development Group. Then the last portion of Tom’s responsibilities is in fact corporate development and in that Tom has the experience to help us with the build versus buy decisions that we think we will be making as we assess opportunities in security and elsewhere around developing our portfolio.
François Locoh-Donou: Yes. So what we’ve seen is a number of customers are when they’re making decisions and this comment was specific to the refresh cycle on iSeries, and specifically, on hardware purchases, where we’re seeing a number of customers before making these decisions as part of the decision-making cycle undertake a review of what assets do they want to have where. You will see that one thing that has changed year-on-year and we’ve reported on that in this State of Application Delivery report, is that customers are embracing multi-cloud and as part of that they’re having a sort of best cloud for the app strategy. So they’re making decisions on where an app is going to reside on a per app basis in cloud versus non-cloud. And as they go and make these decisions and have to make significant commitment on infrastructure assets, that decision-making cycle is elongated. Cloud is not new. You’re correct about that. But I think multi-cloud and per app decision-making around multi-cloud is a trend that we are seeing becoming reality. For us, frankly, while this has given I would say short term headwinds specifically on hardware and as we said, I think, last quarter, we didn’t see on hardware the uptick that we would have seen at this part of the cycle. Overall, we think over the long run it bodes very well for us, because we feel that we’re probably uniquely positioned to serve these needs across multi-cloud environments with our hardware, on-premises, our software on-premise and increasingly our software in the public cloud with multiple consumption models across all these environments. There aren’t -- there isn’t any other company that really has this breadth of offerings for supporting these multi-cloud strategies.
François Locoh-Donou: So that’s a good question. So there are different stages of growth. I would say our Virtual Edition software is already a meaningful business for F5 and we continue to shift more investments in that direction. Security also I think is at scale for us at F5. Public cloud is more nascent. So in terms of growth in investment, public cloud probably has the highest growth of investments in these areas, but the two other areas are if you will larger to-date and with increasing investments year-on-year.
John DiLullo: Yeah. This is John DiLullo. Also I can answer the question about the carriers. We saw as per normal a little bit of lumpiness last quarter and it didn’t come exactly where we’d expected. But aren’t reading anything long-term into that and continue to see a lot of activity in both the software and the hardware environments in that vertical.
John DiLullo: Answering -- Alex, answering your question on WAF. So this is a really a great market for us and as you know, we have a leading product there. We have also a very differentiated product especially in our installed base, which is still a very large market for us to go after. And then, as it relates to greenfield opportunities with competition, I think we have some competitive differentiators, but we also have a lot of mobility and our product works in a multi-cloud environment and all the public clouds as well, and that’s one of the fastest areas of growth for us, people trying to standardize their security posture across the multi-cloud environment. So it’s mostly been a positive for us.
John DiLullo: No. I’d say there’s a greatly increased demand and some of our competitors are raising awareness and that’s generally been a positive.
John DiLullo: But I would add to that that it’s very powerful from a sales go-to-market perspective to continue to have that commercial relationship with those customers. It doesn’t inhibit future sales. In fact, it gives us lots of visibility in the challenges our customers are having and really sets up the next generation sales, so it’s hugely positive to have a high renewal rate for us.
