François Locoh-Donou: Thank you, Tim. So I will start with the -- our solutions in the public cloud. I mean, generally, we are seeing a continuation of the trend of the past few quarters, which is that our footprint in public cloud is accelerating and growing faster and I will give you a couple of components of that. First, of course, our partnership with AWS continues to increase the number of opportunities that we have in public cloud. Largely AWS is making a number of opportunities visible to us that were not before, so that’s helping and contributing to accelerate our growth in public cloud. We are also seeing with NGINX, a large number of deployments. I think kind of half of the NGINX deployments are in public cloud and so we are now seeing an opportunity to be in front of modern applications in public cloud, but also applications that were traditional applications that are being refactored and move to the public cloud. NGINX has a very strong value proposition to keep up in front which factored application, especially when they are going multi-cloud and so F5 value proposition of multi-cloud against native tool is very compelling. So, generally, continued growth in and with public cloud providers. So you mentioned hyperscalers as well. I will say that we are part of the infrastructure of some of the hyperscalers providing a number of customer testing applications such as collaborating -- collaboration type application and so we have had an opportunity to scale with these applications as well. As it relates to telco and the evolution, as you know, we have had a very strong presence in the 4G, specifically the GI LAN infrastructure of mobile providers and we are about to transition into 5G. We are seeing a substantial ramp-up in the number of 5G opportunities and that is a very strong upcoming catalyst for -- it’s a very strong upcoming catalyst for our software, because a lot of these 5G opportunities take advantage of the work we have done on virtualization and essentially that most of the opportunities now are software driven. We have now won important design win in environments that are essentially cloud native and container native, and we have been able to win these opportunities for a combination of F5 BIG-IP and NGINX filling in this cloud-native environment. So our excitement about telco and 5G is we are seeing here the kind of breadth of the F5 application services playing an important role in these new architectures.
François Locoh-Donou: Oh! Okay. Thank you for clarifying, Jim. So the answer is absolutely yes. I mean, this quarter, we have a higher set of number of multi-product deals 195 and largely driven by combinations of F5 BIG-IP and NGINX value proposition coming together and I will give you a couple of examples. We have ported F5 app security tack on to NGINX and we are now starting to a number of customers of that team, wanting to take advantage of the fast security. So what we call NGINX, which we see last quarter, is getting a lot of traction and helping accelerate the monetization of NGINX. We are also seeing with the controller that we have introduced traction around our API gateway and API gateway and API management solutions and we are able to add that to customers that already have F5 solution. So examples of these multi-product deals that this is by fact that is a large number of return subscriptions that we sold this quarter were a combination of F5 and NGINX together. So this better to get a story of really reaching the world of DevOps and the world of NetOps together are giving more visibility to network operations team into their all of this environment that is starting to play out and our customers, and that’s one of the drivers in our software growth. Your second question was around edge computing. So we today have, we call it a light asset edge service called Silverline, which broadly offer mass web application firewall and we offer the managed service. And we have now bought in Shape anti-bot technology on top of that offering and so we are able to serve the needs of some customers that want edge capability. We don’t intend to go in a CapEx-intensive way into the edge computing market ourselves, but our fundamental value proposition of the company is that we are essentially infrastructure agnostic and so we -- our solution can be deployed in public cloud, on-prem, in private clouds and in partnership with CDN providers. So we have a number of partnerships as well with CDN players that can use our app security in fact to protect applications in the whole study posted in the edge.
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, thank you. Look, some of this is still to play, but I think on the consumption examples that you have mentioned, it’s all of the above. We are -- by the way, I should say, we are already seeing elements of that vision coming into play today. What we see that with, I just mentioned a customer deploying F5 and NGINX together. This quarter, what we see in this environment, customers want to kind of consolidate on vendors that offer a strong breadth of application services and so there’s a number of deals we have already won this quarter, where essentially, we are taking out some niche players and niche solutions that our customers they have had. But as they look at their future needs, they kind of look at the vision of where F5 is going and they already take three or four of these application services together could change the digital experience and so we are starting to see that happen in real-time in the opportunities that we are winning today. And today that’s happening, we see deals combination of hardware and software, deals with a combination of on-prem and public cloud. We are seeing that with customers protecting a combination of traditional and modern applications. And we are now starting to see that with a Shape contributing division with the integrations we have already made with Shape and our Silverline offering and customers consuming that as the managed service. So you are -- we are early days in that. The realization as time goes on of this vision is going to get much bigger and that you saw in the 4 acts that we presented. I think, over time, the opportunity for F5 gets much larger. But you are already seeing some of these consumption models and consolidation of application delivery and application security across multiple types of infrastructure, that’s actually starting to play out right now.
François Locoh-Donou: I mean, broadly, the answer is yes, because the -- a lot of our customers want to move to the software-first environment. And the software-first environment gives them the flexibility to deploy ultimately the vision for adaptive applications, give them a lot more flexibility to start new application services, to take the benefits of automation and orchestration, and ultimately, to leverage the work we are doing in analytics. So, overall, of these trends point to -- you will continue to see our systems business decline and you will continue to see our software growth and the -- overall, you will see that the majority of the business of the company will be software.
François Locoh-Donou: Sami, I think, you should -- the way to think about this is, every carrier, I think, is going to be different in their transition from 4G to 5G. Some will look for and some will not use that. But, overall, if you look at the 5G architecture and where kind of the end state of where people are going, we feel very, very good about the work we have done, the special software F5 bring to these 5G architectures to be inserted in large carrier infrastructure, one is in the U.S., actually in Asia or in Europe and we have already some informed design wins beyond Rakuten in that space. So, I think, you should read from that, that we have pretty good conviction around the role that we are going to play in 5G infrastructure going forward.
François Locoh-Donou: Hi, Samik. Well, if you look at the analytics platform, so when we lay the acquisition of Shape, there were multiple reasons we felt strongly this was a great combination with F5. One was, of course, the business that the Shape was in at the anti-fraud business. And as I have shared with you, we really think we have entered the era of application capital where most cloud is going to be on applications and Shape is factoring that secular trend and that in fact, we already saw that we already saw that an acceleration of that this quarter with COVID, and I think I can come back to that later. But the anti-bot business was one of the big reasons for the acquisition. The second big reason for the acquisition was around technology and it was the large amount of money and time that Shape has invested in building an AI-powered analytics platform. And so the reason you see that here and that core part of our vision already realizing is in fact because of the technology assets from Shape. So the M&A as it relates to that essentially have been done with the acquisition. Overall, we don’t go out with that as we march towards this vision of adaptive applications, down the road, we might want to accelerate certain things inorganically, but in terms of analytics specifically we have a big head start with the acquisition of Shape.
François Locoh-Donou: Meta, so on ELA is the demand continues to be very strong. And -- but I would say, there are kind of two tale of the stories there. One of the effects we are seeing in this COVID environment is that customers -- there are some strategic kind of transformation that customers are pushing out, largely because they have to tend to more near-term priorities. So that in a way, there’s some large potential ELAs that could happen this quarter that will happen more down the road. But at the same time, we did more -- in terms of volumes of transactions, we did more ELAs this quarter than we did ever before and those ELAs were often a combination of multiple F5 products, so BIG-IP plus NGINX and now we started to see Shape as well. So that’s where we are at on ELAS. And as it relates to the AWS partnership, we are making very good progress. We have -- we are getting a lot of visibility for AWS in terms of new opportunities. We are -- where we thought we would be at this point in the relationship and I think we will see further acceleration in 2021 because we are working on joint solution integration. And also now working with AWS migration partners to accelerate the work we are doing for migration of workload. So, overall, good traction so far and expect even more in 2021 from the joint collaboration.
François Locoh-Donou: Okay. Thank you. Let me take you through the timeline of it. So, Act 1, which is really F5 providing app delivery against traditional application. Of course, is happening right now, largely driven with our BIG-IP platform and a lot of the work that we have done over the last two years, three years have been moving to software-first environment with a lot of innovation in our model that has gone on to be successful in a more automated, orchestrated software environments including public cloud. And I would say, a lot of the growth you have seen in our software today has really come from Act 1. Act 2, which is F5, getting in front of modern applications, really started with the acquisition of NGINX. And you are right, Alex, about the penetration of Kubernetes environment. We are accelerating in that space, and yes, we do intend to gain share in the modern application space because we worked there before. And that is something that’s starting to play out now, I think, it’s going to play out for the next several years. I would say, we are still in the early innings of A, being part of modern applications, and B, monetizing that presence. But the stuff we have done with taking app security, the application security solution from F5 and putting that on NGINX as an example. The new NGINX Controller, the new application services like API gateway that we build, all of these things are starting to provide traction on Act 2. Act 3 is really around protecting both traditional and modern application. We have started down organically with F5, that’s why our security business was part of our software growth. But that is being accelerated in good shape and we intend to port the Shape capability across the F5 portfolio. So we have already ported chip capabilities on Silverline, which is our managed security service, but we will have our Shape capabilities with BIG-IP, we will have it with NGINX. So Act 3 is already contributing today, but you should expect them to continue even more in the future. So I would say, Act 2 and Act 3 over the next couple of years will contribute meaningfully.  Act 4, I think, in terms -- if you are thinking in terms of material contribution to our financial performance, I would say, Act 4 is really begun the next couple of years. From a technology perspective, we already have a lot of components. We started engaging with customers around some of the solutions that resonate the most with them, around leveraging analytics to give them the right insight for their application. Shape actually has already started releasing a couple of solutions that we just had. But I think in terms of that becoming a material contributor to us, we think that’s beyond the next couple of years.
François Locoh-Donou: Paul, let me start with ASEAN. I think it’s still -- the business there is still impacted. In India -- and then to be specific, I am talking about India and few of the countries in ASEAN region, either because of first lockdowns or second waves and countries going back into lockdown such as Singapore. But, generally, in that region, we have been impacted throughout for the last really 60 days and it’s kind of ongoing. On 5G, Paul, I think, like, I think, I said two things in the past. One is, I said, once we would see 5G radios deployed that we would start to see capacity upgrade in the core, and I would say, to a large extent we haven’t seen those yet and I think there is still to come. I do think in the very short-term, some carriers have diverted from spend that would have gone on wireless infrastructure into wireline to address work-from-home issues that increase capacity, issues on fixed infrastructure and that’s true for kind of carriers that combine wireless and wireline infrastructure. But what I am seeing, as it relates to 5G opportunities for F5 is we are now you know seeing a ramp-up in opportunities in 5G and we have already some design wins that give us confidence in the role we are going to play. So I would expect to see that start to contribute to us next year. Exactly when I would be able to put or pinpoint, which quarter is, as you know, that service providers, you can’t predict that accurately, but I would expect that next year we would see those contributing.
Frank Pelzer: Samik, this is Frank. So I think our approach was very similar to last quarter. We obviously have had our quarterly business reviews with our sales team. We feel like the guidance that we have given is appropriate and because it was the first quarter that we were living in a post-COVID world, I think, we wanted to give a little bit more of a range, but I think we do feel a bit more comfortable going into Q4 with the visibility that we have got on that activity that we could tighten that up by $10 million.
Frank Pelzer: Paul, so it was a little less than $20 million and so without Shape, I think, the number would have been 14%.
Frank Pelzer: Sure. Paul, we will have more to talk about this when we talk about our next quarter, as well as when we reschedule the end presentation. But I do feel like we are closer to the bottom here, and I think, you will see with the Q4 guide that we have given, we are ramping back up from here and expect to see that continue.
