Andy Reinland: Thank you, John. In the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we continued to see solid returns on the investments we made last year. The growing demand for our new hardware and software products, positive response to our recently introduced Synthesis architectural vision and our new pricing models, all led to above-expected sales in each of our major geographies. Revenue of $406.5 million was above our guided range of $390 million to $400 million, an increase of 3% from the prior quarter and 11% year-over-year. GAAP EPS of $0.87 per share was above our $0.81 to $0.84 guidance. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.22 per share also exceeded our guided range of $1.17 to $1.20 per share. Product revenue of $218.6 million grew 3% sequentially and 7% year-over-year, representing 54% of total revenue. Service revenue of $187.9 million also grew 3% sequentially, 17% year-over-year, and accounted for 46% of total revenue. Accounting for 56% of the total, revenue from the Americas was up 6% from the first quarter of fiscal 2013. EMEA, which represented 24% of revenue, grew 17% from the first quarter of last year. APAC accounted for 15% of revenue and grew 19% year-over-year and Japan revenue, which grew 17% from a year ago, was 5% of total revenue for the quarter. Enterprise customers represented 61% of sales during that quarter. Service providers accounted for 24% and government sales were 14%, including 7% from U.S. Federal. In Q1, we have 3 greater than 10% distributors: Ingram Micro, which represented 17.9% of total revenue; Avnet, which accounted for 14.3%; and Westcon, which accounted for 13.5%. Our GAAP gross margin in Q1 was 82.1%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 83.4%. Our non-GAAP gross margin declined sequentially, a result of lower service gross margin, which reflects our increased investment in consulting, while our non-GAAP product margin remained essentially flat with Q4. GAAP operating expenses of $224.4 million were within our target range of $219 million to $226 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $193.4 million. GAAP operating margin was 26.9%. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 35.9%. Our GAAP effective tax rate for Q1 was 37.8% and our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 35.1%. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash flow from operations was $158.9 million. In Q1, we repurchased slightly more than 2.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $82.35 for a total of $200 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.24 billion in cash and investments. With the addition of $500 million authorized by the board for stock buyback at our most recent board meeting, approximately $781 million remains authorized under our share repurchase program. DSO at the end of Q1 was 49 days. Inventories were $19.1 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $5 million. Deferred revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $567.7 million. We ended the quarter with 3,520 employees, an increase of 165 from the prior quarter. Based on growing demand for the new products we released in fiscal year '13, the strength of our security offerings, solid momentum with our Traffix Diameter solutions and positive customer response to our Synthesis architectural vision, we feel very confident about our ability to continue to grow the top line and anticipate continued sequential growth through the remainder of the fiscal year. For the second quarter of fiscal 2014, our revenue target is $408 million to $418 million. We expect Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins to be consistent with Q1. GAAP gross margin is anticipated to be in the 82% range, including approximately $4 million of stock-based compensation expense and $1.7 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be at or around 83.5%. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $226 million to $233 million. This includes approximately $31.5 million of stock-based compensation expense and $0.4 million in amortization of purchased intangible assets. For Q2, we are forecasting a GAAP effective tax rate of 38% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 35%. Our GAAP EPS target is $0.87 to $0.90 per share. Our non-GAAP EPS target is $1.23 to $1.26 per share. We plan to increase our headcount by over 100 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSO will be in the high 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $20 million to $22 million. And we believe our cash flow from operations will be at or around $80 million, reflecting the large sequential increase in our federal tax payments that we normally incur in our fiscal second quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam.
Andy Reinland: Yes. And then on gross margin. Yes, I did say that product margin was down just a little bit, I think 6 basis points, really nothing to that. We didn't see any change in the competitive landscape or change in discounting at all. And I also said in my comments that we think that for the next quarter, it's going to stay at this level. And on the services side, we had a great hiring quarter in Q1 and pretty weighted on the services side, the upper 30%. We're usually, we're a little below 30%. A lot of that was consulting. And now -- so that pulled that margin down and now it's trying to put that consulting to work. I also said, I think, in this quarter, we're going to be pretty much the same level on the services margin and we're going to try to manage at this level throughout the year.
Andy Reinland: Yes. And on the stocks that we have in Tel Aviv in Seattle, yes, there's an up-front investment there. Some of it, in particular in Seattle, is CapEx. So it will be recognized over time. And the staffing, with Versafe coming in, we had a level of staffing there. So we're going to be adding to that and getting them trained up in anticipation of orders. The thing to point out here for revenue is this is going to be a subscription model. So really what you're going to see over time is that buildup of subscription on the balance sheet that then we'll recognize over time. So I think it will be a slow take-up. But the main message is, yes, it's an upfront investment, but not -- one we think that we can manage in our current gross margin structure.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So on the hiring front, I mean, we said on our last call that we plan to be pretty aggressive on hiring. And we did. We had a great quarter this quarter, at 165. For the second quarter, we're going to bring those people in, get them on-boarded. That number will pull back a little bit. We said we're going to be over 100 this time. But I wouldn't read anything into that, it's just bringing people on, managing the expenses as we go forward. But I think you're going to see us continue to be pretty aggressive with particular focus on sales. It's just we're going to have -- want to crank up the salesforce as we see these opportunities developing.
Andy Reinland: Yes. So on the buyback, yes, you're right, we -- definitely was a much stronger buyback, given the share price. As the board set price targets, it triggered to the quarter and I think took advantage of a good opportunity for us to act on that. And then we're going to continue to execute with the board, based on the 10b5-1 plan that puts price targets in place. I think the increase of $500 million sends a message. We'll see how that executes out. But they approved it and so we're going to take that direction and send our 10b5-1 and go accordingly.
John McAdam: Yes. A lot of these are interconnected, Brian, a lot of them. But if I was going to say anything, I'd say security across the board. Interestingly enough, security in the service provider space is a massive opportunity in our opinion. As I said in previous calls and we've talked about is that, frankly, our roadmap has been driven a lot by some large service provider into -- in the U.S.A., in particular. So I think security is probably the top. Traffix, we're very happy about it. We're pretty excited about Versafe. I mean, it's early, early days, we haven't announced it to the salesforce yet, that will be happening at RSU -- RSA. But that could be -- the interest level, we know, is already high. We just want to get ourselves right. ACE is going to continue to be an opportunity throughout the year. And, obviously, the product refresh is at the base of that. The other sort of wild card is the pricing that we talked about. And of course, Synthesis architecture is more about making sure that we're incredibly relevant as these trends move pretty fast, whether it's to the cloud or software-defined solutions.
John McAdam: And as far as the VE question is concerned, we don't separate out the numbers. However, it did grow faster than our core system business and we expect it to keep doing that. Still relatively small numbers. As far as we're concerned with Synthesis, we see software and systems together, we can manage them together, we can cluster them together. They're just part of the overall solution that we've got. But yet, it did grew and we expect it to keep growing. And I think as customers move more towards the cloud, I think that's the trend and we'll make that happen.
John McAdam: On Diameter growth, yes, yes. So, absolutely, I mean, the actual revenue in Q1 was -- modest is the word I used and that means it is pretty small. However, the number of orders was actually quite significant in terms of our win rate, I mean, we actually had replacements, as well and some Tier 1 scenarios. So I'm not going to say what we think it can be, but we definitely, assuming that we produce the goods, we're meeting the milestone, because some of these orders are multimillion dollar orders, then we would expect it to be definitely material as we get to the second half.
John McAdam: No. I'd say -- I mean, the reality is we're talking about 2 customers. And one wasn't a customer, 2 organizations that have done some specifics in a very specific environment, with a very, very significant workforce are able to do it. We haven't seen any more. And so we still see big opportunities in that market. Across-the-board, security, for example, is a big, big opportunity in all-in-ones. So that's a key, key vertical for us that I don't believe has troughed at all.
John McAdam: Yes. On the service provider space in last quarter, last year. So first of all, in the service provider space, in terms of some of the linearity, as I said, we do expect it to be immaterial from the Traffix sales in the second half. We will see improvement, as well, we're pretty confident of that, in this current quarter as well. It's interesting, I mean, you can imagine that we spent a lot of time looking at our business given the results of last -- of the March quarter last year and not just in service provider, but across the board. To be fair, we haven't really seen seasonality as such in the service provider space in the March quarter. And by that, I mean it was horrible last year and it was awesome the year before. In fact, if you remember, it was a 27% quarter, the March quarter, the year before, so that the comparison was pretty tough. We still believe it's going to be more about projects and our forecast. And we feel fairly solid about what we've done in terms of getting the salesforce over that. So I don't think we're going to see the same issue.
John McAdam: Yes, this is John, actually, let me address it and if Andy wants to jump anytime. But, yes, we saw a whole bunch of large service provider deals in the quarter. Most of them in our core business, most of the revenue, that's why I mentioned about the modest -- in the Traffix area. A lot of it related to 4G, LTE. Interestingly enough, most of the success was actually outside the Americas. Americas had a decent quarter, but some of the increases came in Asia Pacific, Japan and EMEA. We had very strong sales there. Remember, the other comment I made about, generally, from a sales perspective, our enterprise business was pretty strong as well. If -- when you look at the backlog mix that happened, that was a little bit slanted towards the service provider. But also, typically, and we see this quite often, is that when we have a very strong Federal quarter at the end of September, where you get orders right in at the end of September. Some of that federal business will enter backlog and shipped out as well, that was -- probably took up a little bit more than it normally would.
John McAdam: Juniper is there, so they've got a very large install base. We think that's, specifically in service provider, is a big opportunity for us.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean, first of all, yes, the deal sizes tend to be projects and, hence, the revenue versus the sales order discussion, they tend to have milestones associated with them and they tend to be bigger, actually fairly significantly bigger, naturally. We think this is the best technology out there, that's key. And we really believe we have the best technology. We need to watch this because there's some big companies out there with some good R&D and we're making sure that we stay ahead in technology. I do think it's come to a bit of an inflation point, actually, from a sales wins perspective. I think it's really done that. It's now all about cementing those wins and increasing more business.
John McAdam: Yes, on the Cisco partnership, we've been focusing on technologies and links and roadmap with them, as we have been doing with VMware, as well. There have been engagements, tactical engagements, in geographies. We've seen that in the past, I actually said that in the last call, so I wouldn't really call that out yet.
John McAdam: Yes. On the ACE opportunity, no, it still remains to be very strong. We saw some more Fortune 500 wins, brand new, which is clearly good, because we tend to sell a lot into those accounts. We also saw -- typically, North America had been leading the parade, but we're starting to see that happening in Europe and in Asia as well. So, as I said earlier, actually, I think it's probably a 2-year, at least, opportunity.
John McAdam: Yes. I mean, there's a couple of things and, obviously, I can't talk for these companies here. I don't know as much details, probably, as you do. However, I know that they have entered the emerging markets. We haven't seen that, we have said that, in the past, that China is a top market, it actually continues to be that in this kind of quarter. But overall, we're actually happy about the emerging markets. And a lot of that is driven by security and mobility, in mobility, specifically, in emerging markets. So I don't think we've got the same issues. I think the other thing is that we embraced the whole concept with our Synthesis architecture and before that, with the way the R&D was to enter the whole software portfolio that we have. I think that, Stanley, is very well moving forward in terms of being very relevant to the technology trends of software-defined networking of the cloud. So I'm not sure we're quite in the same example as some of the much larger companies.
John McAdam: And then regarding the product refresh, if you look historically, there certainly have been 2 to 3 years of growth that we would assign directly to that, no reason to think that's different. The other thing just well among the subject, but I also -- we feel -- it's still early days, a little bit cautious saying this, but it was -- the good-better-best pricing, I think, is going to go hand-in-hand with that, obviously, from a software module perspective. The other thing, the lesson we've learned big time, is that when we do the refresh the next time, it will not be as elongated now. It won't take over such a long time as we've done before. And probably, we'll be more -- going to be more aggressive about the timing between the refresh. And Karl might want to comment on that.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. I think, just to add -- just a quick data point on that, we'll be, specifically, building on the Gi firewall, which is basically a firewall that sits in the packet core where the radio network turns over to Ethernet. And what the service providers need for mobile carrier growth is devices of high performance. And high performance not only in high throughput, which we achieved, but high connection counts. And the high connection counts are a function of all the mobile users. And then what they're looking for is, basically, firewall functionality, DDoS protection, application protection. So those are the types of features that we were putting in there. So it's feature richness at very, very high performance and very high connection counts. And our platforms are well-suited to accomplish that.
Manuel F. Rivelo: So, Brian, this is Manny, let me just add. So we're seeing it in all geographies. Obviously, all providers are moving toward LTE, 4G networks. And in the next 2 years, we're projecting to see almost all of them go to that. So we're seeing it across the board. We're seeing it in Europe, we're seeing it in Asia and we're definitely seeing it in the Americas, which probably led this -- the 4G movement was led by the Americas. But to John's point on the technology leadership, our portfolio solves problems that most of the portfolios in the industry don't solve. We provide both DRA, DEA, in a working functionality and support over 30 of the Diameter signaling protocols that are out there, which allows us to really inter-operate with just about any service provider, with just about any component that's out there. So that's just giving us a huge competitive advantage. And then part of the challenge, as you very well know, this is going into a very strategic part of their network. Consequently, proof of concepts take a period of time to make sure if they're working inside those environments. And then, over time, is the acceptance by tier, which leads to consulting work that we need to continue to do so. We're pretty excited about the win so far and we continue to see incremental orders from those that we won, as well as new business. So hopefully, 20- -- the rest of this year will pay out and 2015 we will even be more successful.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. And what I would add, Mark, to it is, is that the ADC market has grown a lot, changed a lot over the last 5 years. Where I think if you go back about 5 years ago, it was predominantly a traffic management market. And over the last 5 years, it's consumed a lot of new services. Services to not only make applications available, but also make them secure and make them faster. You will give them more performance characteristics. As a result of that, the relevance of that ADC market has grown, whether it be on-prem or in the cloud or a hybrid environment. And that's really what we're seeing. And our strategy that we've been implementing with Synthesis is actually to do that, to create a set of services that sits on top of any network fabric that are highly elastic that can enhance that user-application experience, making it fast, secure and available, no matter where the user may reside, on-prem and/or at home or on the road. And that's really been what we've been focusing on and we're seeing that pay off in the market. Not only in the traditional enterprise markets, but also in the service provider market, because a lot of what you're seeing happening in the service provider market is monetization strategies where you're trying to move more applications to those mobile devices. So I think the ADC, its importance is growing, and rapidly, in all the new architectures that are out there.
Manuel F. Rivelo: Yes. I believe that there's going to being large sustainable trends and you'll see market shifts occurring over the next decade.
