Kevin Bauer: Thank you, Charles. First, I will address the current outlook of the business by providing an overview of our financial performance for the third quarter of 2019. I will then make a few comments about our progress on our SEC filings.  As Charles mentioned earlier, we estimate our fiscal third quarter revenue was within the range of $742 million to $752 million. On a year-over-year basis, EMEA was the weakest geography with a decline of approximately 21% followed by a 10% decline in Asia, offset by a 7% increase in the U.S. Our estimated range of gross margin on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis was from 15.5% to 15.7%. Our margin benefited from improved customer and product mix, partially due to lower sales to Asia, lower storage revenue and better component pricing. Operating expenses were lower this quarter due to lower employee bonuses, offset by an increased reserves for bad debt. In this quarter, we released $3.2 million tax reserve related to a lapse in the statutes of limitation in the tax jurisdiction.  We estimate non-GAAP diluted EPS this quarter was within the range of $0.48 to $0.52. We continued to generate cash and estimate cash generated from operations was approximately $112 million. After deducting CapEx of $7 million, we estimate free cash flow of approximately $105 million for the quarter.  On a cumulative basis over the last 3 quarters, we estimate free cash flow of approximately $189 million that has allowed us to pay down our loans and reach a positive cash position. This quarter, our cash conversion cycle increased to 106 days. The increase is primarily due to an increase in inventory days. Based on the methodology of averaging with the previous strong quarter, actual inventory declined sequentially. Our cash conversion cycle target remains 85 to 90 days.  Now let me comment on the filing of our fiscal 2017 10-K. We are very pleased to have filed our Form 10-K of -- for 2017 that included the restatement of our financial statements for fiscal 2015 and 2016. This was a comprehensive undertaking that involved a detailed and thorough examination of our historical financial statements as well as our accounting policies and procedures and our internal controls. The primary cause of restatements and adjustments was the timing of revenue recognition and certain changes to accounting for inventory and other adjustments. All the sales that we examined will be ultimately recognized as revenue. As Charles said earlier, in our 2017 Form 10-K, we acknowledge weaknesses in our internal controls that existed as of June 2017. I encourage everyone to fully read our report on internal controls over financial reporting where we articulate our remediation plan and progress to date.  We're a different company today and are better able to address our remaining challenges. So to close, I would like to thank the extended team of devoted employees who put in countless hours to achieve this goal. We are turning our attention to finishing fiscal 2018 for audit and are remain focused on becoming fully current on our SEC filings. And to our shareholders, we appreciate your support through this long process and look forward to updating you again next quarter. 
Kevin Bauer: Yes, sure. So certainly, as we went through the quarter, we saw the same softening that the rest of the industry saw. We did observe customers' behavior towards the end of the quarter. We've gotten some feedback that they were digesting purchases as regard towards the end of the quarter. And so that was news that we found in that second part of the quarter.  And as Charles articulated earlier, we're giving similar guidance a little bit lower as we go into the next quarter. So we think that the first half, we will have to go through a period of digestion in the industry that maybe we didn't fully comprehend 90 days ago. And certainly, we look forward to the second half of '19 depending upon how the macro situation clears up over time. 
Kevin Bauer: Yes. In rank order and don't know about the relative materiality of these in the way that they are ranked, but I think really the product mix in terms of storage was probably the most large impact than probably the customer mix and then lastly, the component pricing changes over time. 
Kevin Bauer: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily say that. I think we have a very good alignment of vectors in this particular quarter to the extent that we have continued decline in component costs in terms of memory and NVMe. We will have some continued improvement over the quarter that we have before, which was roughly about 14% or so. But certainly, I don't expect that it'll be up to this level. I think we had a great confluence of events this quarter that put us 1 quarter ahead of what we expect to do in terms of some sustainable, modest improvement in our gross margin profile that -- from our historical patterns over the course of time. 
Kevin Bauer: It was modestly down. So as we said, the key things were that since we had smaller revenues, we made a lower purchasing for employee bonuses, suffered a little bit in terms of some bad debt, but not significantly on a non-GAAP basis. There are a little bit more spread on GAAP basis and that we had some costs associated with the restatement as well as last quarter's activity related to responding to the article that were less in this quarter. 
Kevin Bauer: Nehal, I think that those articles that you've referenced were not accurate in reporting. We are increasing our capacity, as we mentioned, in our Taiwan facility, primarily for growth as well as for the Building 23 that we're building here in San Jose, again primarily growth, for future expectation on our growth. 
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So as I said earlier, we certainly had a great confluence of events this quarter that led us achieve the gross margin results for the quarter. We had been, not too many quarters ago, in the mid-13s and last quarter, I think, we hit 14.1%. This quarter we had that sizable jump because of all of those events. We do have the ability to get cheaper cost for a moment in time before they are passed on to customers and the ramp and severity of those price changes could occur into the future, but maybe not to the extent. So to kind of give you some kind of a feeling for that, I think grounding ourselves in that low 14% gross margin and then modest improvement over that is really good trend that we had articulated last quarter. And I think that, that's still the case today. 
Kevin Bauer: Our cash flow is very much tied to our working capital means. So the cash flow probably will consistently work along those lines that we have today until we start to show significant growth. And when we have significant growth, we will have to reinvest in working capital in order to achieve that. 
Kevin Bauer: John, our China exposure can be in any quarter somewhere between 10% to 15% of the overall revenue. As you know, the March quarter, there is a lot of seasonality with the China's lunar New Year, et cetera, that impacts our revenue for China. 
Kevin Bauer: Yes, I think we had a good run over the course of the last 4 or 5 quarters. And as you said, we've paid more attention to it. We have been able to drive cash flow. I think we need more time to make sure that we go to a few cycles to get a real confident and grow our cash flow and then I think it would be only some later date that we would look to think about those things as being potentials on the table. But at the moment, we don't foresee any repurchase plans that we would take to the Board or suggest to them. 
Charles Liang: I guess, the macroeconomic in the lower key components price as well as the tariff that will have some impact. At the same time, we are aggressively moving to a new NVMe storage solution, and we see some signal to recover gradually. 
Charles Liang: Yes. Basically to fulfill our increasing the business, we believe that demand from the market will continue to be strong. So we are indeed growing our capacity goal in Silicon Valley, in Taiwan and in Netherlands. So it's part of our long-term growth plan. 
Charles Liang: Indeed, our overall business still are growing well. And we believe with the new Cascade Lake solution, NVMe, as you may know, we are truly build for new generation memory, NVMe, NF1, EDSFF. So we do believe our growth will be strong in the coming future. 
Charles Liang: Yes. We believe second half will be stronger this year for a couple of reasons, one is Cascade Lake system [indiscernible] already qualify and it's much better performance [indiscernible], which will move that aggressively. And second is the second-generation storage, NVMe including EDSFF and NF1. We see customer start to ready to move [indiscernible] and together with our 10-K delayed program had been almost fit. So that will be a positive trend for us. 
Charles Liang: Yes, we are prepared for the tariff, the trailer program and continue to make our capacity, our capability and product line ready. So we believe the near future and [indiscernible] and yet to come future will be great thing for us, especially our internal control system have been tremendously improved and new SAP implement has been much stable now. So our business is getting ready for another trend of faster growth, I believe. 
Charles Liang: Basically, we continue to grow globally. I mean U.S.A. and Russia are our main market, but Europe, Asia, including the Japan, China, we continue our plan to global -- to grow globally. And we are much [indiscernible] forever to grow globally. 
Charles Liang: China market, indeed, we feel nothing really has changed. So we just continue to rollout stable plan and our partnership there also is stable growing. 
