Kevin Bauer: Thank you, Charles. First I will address the current health of the business by providing an overview of our financial performance for the second quarter of 2019. I will then make a few comments about our progress on our SEC filing. As Charles mentioned earlier, we estimate our fiscal second quarter revenue within the range of $915 million to $925 million. With that results, we have exceeded our revenue guidance range over my tenure for the past three quarters. Our customers continue to grow their business with us and drive digital transformation using Super Micro’s cloud and edge portfolio. On a year-over-year basis, you may enjoy the highest growth approximately 28% followed by the U.S., which grew approximately 11% offset by a decline in Asia-Pac of approximately 11%. Other regions grew approximately 23%. Our estimated range of gross margin on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis was from 13.9% to 14.1%. Our margin benefited from improved customer mix, partially due to lower sales to Asia and lower provision for excess and obsolete inventory. Operating expenses were higher this quarter related to product development materials, employee bonuses, audit fee and a provision for a bad debt. We estimate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share this quarter within the range of $0.57 to $0.61. We continue to generate cash and estimate cash generated from operations was approximately $42 million. After deducting CapEx of $4 million, we estimate free cash flow of approximately $38 million for the quarter. On a cumulative basis over the last three quarters, we estimate free cash flow was approximately $114 million. That has allowed us to pay down our loan, and reach positive cash position. This quarter, our cash conversion cycle increased to 96 days from 92 days in their prior quarter. Day sales outstanding decreased slightly, while inventory days increased. Our near term target remain from 85 to 90 days. We are guiding net sales for the third quarter in the range of $800 million to $860 million. We are announcing normal business trends in every fields from sizable business renewals that existing customer. We believe we are back to business as usual. Now let’s turn into progress we are making on our fiscal 2017 10-K. If you recall, we concluded last quarter that restating prior periods was necessary, as we announced in our current report on Form 8-K filed November 15, 2018. Since then we have worked diligently and the company has achieved significant milestone in this process. We deliver a draft of the fiscal 2017 10-K with restating financial statements from 2015 and 2016 to our independent auditors in late January. They are reviewing the draft 10-K and are working to complete their integrated audit. As a result of our conclusions, our independent auditors continue to perform more testing of our accounting analyzes and internal control assessment. We are working closely each day with our independent auditors to complete the remaining audit procedures. Our internal audit team is developing a prioritized remediation roadmap to address the material weaknesses from our internal control assessments. We continue our procedures on fiscal 2018 financials in parallel and are making solid progress. So to close, we remain laser focused on resolving our SEC filings. We continue to build industry-leading technology solutions for a data hungry world. We’re excited for the rest of 2019 and beyond. As indicated previously, we will have a Q&A session, which sell-side analysts will be permitted to ask questions. I would like to remind you that your question should be directed to the business update that we have just provided. We may decline to answer questions relating to the audit committee investigation or the delayed filing of our 10-K because of pending litigation. Operator, at this time, we’re ready for questions.
Kevin Bauer: Well, certainly, it’s normal seasonality, but as we had said last quarter, we are cognizant of the macros that are out there. And so therefore we’ve tried to factor that into our thinking. We also know that customers are trying to determine, if they go for the next technology recycle or not, so that could pause their decisions a little bit. And then lastly, certainly, there are some components that are declining in value and customers’ time, their purchases sometimes around that. So those are the kinds of the themes that we thought.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So, I had mentioned in the call that there were expenses related to certainly our engineers, developing first products for Cascade Lake. And so that was one element of them pulling materials for that. I mentioned that we had employee bonus this year and we have this quarter rather. And we did have something unusual for the company and that we did have a reserve for credit loss, which doesn’t happen very often.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So certainly, the gross margin for this quarter was quite an uptick as compared to what we’ve had historically, most recently as you remember, I called about that we had customer mix that went into our favor as well as we did have a pretty good excess inventory quarter. I’m not sure that EN always going to repeat over the course of time, but do you remember that what I’ve said is that we would be trying to work on gross margin at a modest pace over time. So, this quarter, we certainly had a good one, but in the trends, we’re trying to improve modestly over roughly about 13.5% that we’ve been at for a period of time.
Kevin Bauer: As I said earlier, it’s really customer mix. Since I’ve gotten here, we’ve done a little bit more in terms of looking at our gross margin mix by customer and our portfolio. So, we want to be cognizant of the fact of where we have margin for customers, kind of like in a banding way. And so that allows us from time-to-time, when we want to bid to win business, we do it in the context of the entire portfolio. And so, I think it’s just really looking at our customer mix a little bit more sharply, not necessarily a significant impact from memory in the December quarter.
Kevin Bauer: I think in addition to that we’ve been talking about G2000 customers and as we have now left year, some of those G2000 customers have, we have an appreciably stronger business with them then we did 12 months ago.
David Ryzhik: Thanks so much. This is David Ryzhik for Mehdi. Just a few, if I could, Charles maybe – would you be able to give us an update on the macro environment, demand across regions, and what you’re seeing in the current quarter? And maybe you can talk about what drove the EMEA strength and then I had few follow-ups.
David Ryzhik: And one of the larger enterprise storage vendors, on its earnings call yesterday had noted some weakness with large enterprise companies in the U.S., elongated purchasing decisions, more scrutiny around buying systems. Have you seen this as well? I was just curious.
David Ryzhik: Great. And then just on Cascade Lake, just wondering what your expectations are. I guess from a calendar year 2019 perspective, when does this start ramping for Super Micro from a revenue perspective? And you made some interesting comments around Optane DC persistent memory, would love your opinion on how material this could be in this cycle or do you think that it really ramps in subsequent server cycles? Thank you.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes. We did observed macroeconomic and it will be choppy and we believe we have add weaker than last year. However, we saw new fallback have been very, very strong, get Cascade Lake in storage and other platform. So we believe this year, I mean, at 2019, we happy to see our growing year in term of our market share. And we are carefully observed the change in Cascade Lake. And our memory price travel well everything is under careful control from Supermicro point of view.
Charles Liang: Yes. From our point of view, I mean, March quarter had been very deteriorate result quarter over in the history. Well, this year, we can feel so far so good. We see all our change is – we feel really positive to us.
Charles Liang: Yes. We see the improvement and the business is going down, put it in normal and positive from our cutting the fee.
Charles Liang: Yes. thank you. We believe what Cascade Lake would be a big change for Super Micro? Although we’ve started shipping our central recently now would this be not interest from customer side, because that would be the performance and as toward DC persistent memory, it’s a good way on the niche market and we have some customer really interest for those applications kind of large database and kind of a big data kind of application. We did see some customer meeting in case in that area.
Charles Liang: More and more customer buy or compete with the solution, not really including or a hardware and some management sort of layout. So, because higher percentage of – much higher percentage of computer system instead of platform not to our ASP would continue to grow. And also more people move to a price, especially NVMe that also grow our ASP and this trend will continue for 2019 after this.
Charles Liang: Yes. Again, this quarter, I mean on the March quarter, I guess about two major impacts, one is on memory price in fresh NVMe price drop, now as you’re aware lower Aspeed that it will beat and also sort marcoeconomic and process cascade won’t be ready then perhaps until April or May, that’s what we try to be conservative with this quarter, March quarter.
Charles Liang: I guess both of our traditional and new generation, we’re able to grow with most of our new generation especially SSD NVMe based, we believe, it will be much higher pressure to grow.
Charles Liang: NexGen as you know, I mean, we are the fourth company to delivers order with new form factor memory to the market as U.2, Ruler, NF1 on Samsung and EDSFF exactly the market leader and that kind of go to customer have very good response.
