Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. The first quarter was a record high [indiscernible] with a gross of 16.8% higher year-over-year and which again outpace the industry gross rate. With the new fiscal, we should have strongest product line in our history and our global operation ready for gross. We believe that with these stronger inventions, we will continue our gross trend in fiscal 2014. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yes, we have a very strong new product IX already like last month we just launched hot wheel UP product IX and that was a really big product IX and as you may know Intel heavy bridge, we have the official launched released in basically next month. So, we have a complete product IX already for that as well as FatTwin continue to grow, and our MicroCloud also continues to grow rapidly. So, in demo product we are in strongest position in our history.
Charles Liang: Indeed they have been improving steadily, last quarter I guess was about 25% and this quarter was about 35% and next quarter I believe will be even better.
Charles Liang: It’s kind of product base, so sometime it’s higher, sometime it’s lower, but with our Asia operation ready now we have much better cost now, so we will be more aggressive in the segment in the near future.
Charles Liang: Basically is both, and I would have to say the most influence is the product because we get type of FatTwin, our brand new architectural available at one time ago and that architectural perform the best in term of per watt and in terms of in density, in I/O performance. So because of that strong product line, that’s why we grow both in OEM and kind of direct, big corporate or datacenter.
Charles Liang: It looks like we’re having same, keep it the same and this time, it looks like our services will be 100% ready. So, we are very optimistic of what we rent.
Charles Liang: Yes, basically like when we share in last few quarters, we grew indeed about 90 something percent in engineering industry. So pretty much yeah, that can become maybe strong and we do not play into higher, many more people in the near future.
Charles Liang: We opened our eye for all the possibility, but basically we are very concentrated on our expertise, our strengths as well. So X86 for sure will continue to be our main focus. But yes, we opened our eyes for whatever new technology or product line that customer have a demand.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Hi Mark, this is Howard and thank you first for the comment. With regards to gross margins puts and takes, again, some of them was still to comparing from sequential basis, you saw basically have a high risk of some of the storage products which typically have a higher cut from the pass through component pieces that kind of weighs in on the overall type of server solutions type of margin. That was probably the biggest item in that particular point because as we indicated we had a pretty strong quarter with regard to our server products, our storage products. With regards to our guidance it is 16% to 18% in the next 9 to 15 months.
Howard Hideshima: I think, Aaron, we don’t give the full guidance, but if you look back historically, I think you will probably see it within that range we’ve got the RD credit is probably going to expire the latter part of December, but again, we got the Taiwan facility also give me some benefits going forward too. So, first quarter 29% seems like a reasonable rate.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, Glenn, with regards to some puts and takes, I think last quarter we were rolling out some of the hassle solutions as I mentioned there. So, we incurred some more margins, some more cash in material expenses as we are rolling out that product, but we are watching our overall operating expenses and trying to leverage it as best we can. I think we will have some annual increases that happen normally for us on timing basis with the salary increases , but that won't be huge and going forward, I think we are still going to put an eye on that and try to leverage our expenses.
Howard Hideshima: I am not commenting, I don’t know if I can comment on your model, but I think it’s coming in where we’re thinking about with regards to basically, how do I put it, leveraging our expenses.
