Charles Liang: I would rather say, it’s based on conservative base because supply chain continued to very tight. And although we have a good relationship with all, of our supplier but anyway its global incentive program so it’s a conservative base, but because our operation now is able to genetically expanded to Taiwan so - well though overall cost.
Charles Liang: Absolutely, yes because our Taiwan operation is pretty much ready we add about 200 staff in Taiwan in last year month and all the people have been well trained. And they just moved into the new building last month. Other than that, now free information as we just mentioned for B2B/B2C and order comes later. We hire people and same people and they are about always and start to offer our service to certain customer. And we will over the year apply to all the customer in the next few weeks.
Charles Liang: Maybe because we are growing I mean, 2022/2023/2024 we expect continue to grow so I guess the operation expense won’t shrink it may grow very kind of consistent - very limited growth because we already invested there.
Charles Liang: And now I can see there is a positive so keep kind of high inventory because we strongly believe customer needed those products.
Charles Liang: All right, you can tell from our forecasts from our revenue forecast that our sales are not dipping as they traditionally do in Q1. And so therefore, we needed to have more inventory on hand, which was why, I alluded to the challenges of cash flow for this projecting cash flow for Q4. But we ended up in a good position.
Charles Liang: Not much reason, but pretty much because we have a successful expansion in Taiwan, and also are build in business automation, including the auto congregator and B2B, B2C tool. And also a company expanding from a hardware solution company to total IT solution company. So we saw it’s a good idea to open the market, kind of more completed picture for a whole year and for the future.
Charles Liang: Not quite, not quite. As we mentioned, we had returned to faster growth faster in other model. If you remember, before 2017, we were attending delays our growth always had been two times to four times faster than our industry. And we believe we are returned to the faster growth being this model. So start from March and June last quarter, we start to outperform in our industry. And I believe we will start to outperform in our industry growth rate maybe double or triple or even more, looking forward. So we are very much here in the lower.
Charles Liang: We believe our industry may grow 5% to 10% and our growth it should be a double to our people over there operate.
Charles Liang: So we’ve given guidance on the top line and the bottom line. But we're not going - other than the fact that we expect gross margins to improve, we're not giving further guidance.
Charles Liang: Yes. Our target is to go - and I think this is in the notes. Our target is to be back within our range during the year.
Charles Liang: Very good question. Again, although it’s highly whatever possible we could, but still, we cannot get however we want. So we cannot shift all our demand to our customer. But I wanted to say, we can shift most of that, maybe customers still had weighted longer than regular time. And the going we have a loss of repeat customer, older customer. So they understand the global difficulty, so a longer lead times is people don’t like to see that, but basically they are cooperative. So we cannot shift wider customer need, but basically customer happy with our physical service.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, as I shared before and now, traditionally, our growth story was double to quadruple faster than our industry. And I believe we already get back from that momentum. Double to quadruple faster than our industry. Now because of that the global shortage, that impact our growth a little bit for sure. And that’s why we are humbled to stay maybe $4.3 billion even now because of big shortage equivocally. I believe our growth will be a much better than that.
Charles Liang: Yes. As a technology company based on Silicon Valley, we like technical challenge. We like new tech knowledge. That’s why a lots different CPU, a lots of different GPU, a lots of different platform, not to a big trends to us. And that’s why I just mentioned, we will introduce Grand Twin a brand new architecture to the market very soon. And we also examining a universal GPU platform and that will be ready by end of this year. So all of those is to provide the much more flexible kind of support on multiple different CPUs, vendor, multiple different GPU vendor, and different form factor. So all the platform we think will benefit our customers. And thank you to our building for solution, we are able to kind of optimize architecture and especially Grand Twin and kind of universal GPU solution. So we are very happy - really excited to see the opportunity.
Charles Liang: It’s both bottoms up and top down from both direction we see the growth where it will be very strong. Again, it’s not because of global shortage. Our growth should be much better than that. And with better product with our current operation, and with also many more new engaged high profile customer we achieved in the last six months and currently. So we feel pretty optimistic of that.
Charles Liang: Very good question and a complicated question too. So we try whenever possible to communicate with the customers. But overall, we have to absorb I would have to say at least 50% of that well maybe plus-50% percent of customer. So we tried to kind of provide a customer very cooperative way. So that we can grow much there as well.
Charles Liang: Again, it’s a complicated question because all the pandemic the airfreight still going on. So - but once the COVID-19 ends I believe will recover to normal. But before that, we are getting able to pass those overhead actual cost to customers. Likewise, they maybe 50-50 in in last quarter, and we will be getting better, but hopefully COVID-19 problem can be end very soon. So we will get back to normal automatically.
Charles Liang: I guess one, the other factor is that because last year COVID-19 reason we didn't adjust the employees’ salary that much. So this year, we have a much bigger salary adjustment for employees. That's why we see Q1, Q2 you may see our expected growth, one of the portion because of salary adjustments, and also Taiwan expansion. So we hire people in Taiwan and train people, but they were ready to contribute to our revenue and profitability.
Charles Liang: Yes, the other way to answer your question more directly is that we explained our growth will be significant in fiscal year 2022 and 2023. And we are very confident to see that happen. But if in case it didn't happen, then that means we have too much resource now. So we may reduce some resources in USA quota. I hope we don't do so, but if we had to we will, and we have that option. So that will reduce our operation close over zero. I hope we don't need to go over that way.
Charles Liang: Very complicated question, but very good question is how to put in take, as at this moment, we see the availability is getting better than last quarter. So on a price changes should be better than before. And as to when the price will stop growing, or a price were going down. We watch very carefully. So at this moment, no clear date, but at least we feel it’s better than last quarter.
Charles Liang: Good question. I mean for AI, we - the rule we’re very aware in fiscal year 2021. And year 2022, I believe we will continue to grow very well, maybe more than 50%, I hope. Right. And for our telco. Telco is another territory we grew very well last year. And I believe this year 2022 our telco buildings will grow much better than even last year. So last year are still very strong area for us. As to hyperscaler, with our Taiwan operation now is ready. So we have a chance to start to service some hyperscaler customer if we select to. But I believe we will be very selective for some bid of customers, where we can provide a value, we will.
Charles Liang: Yes, we have some - we have some arm design as well. Few customer already prefer arms submission. We have some submission there under the belt.
Charles Liang: Yeah. As you may know, right, September always now exceeding. So this year no exception, right? Although we have a strong demand but global shortage that major reason that we try to be conservative when we share the number with you for September quarter.
David Weigand: So now we did have a lot of inventory that came at the near end of the quarter. And so that's what caused accounts payable to rise and with a result in rise in DTO.
David Weigand: Certainly, so when we finished last quarter at, you know at 13.8, we had some about 70 basis points of discrete costs, and which included some assumption costs as well. But mainly, it was principally streets and discrete costs that we didn't expect to occur. So this quarter, those did not occur. But we did have 50 basis points more of a shipping costs. And it was it was really caused by our directed effort to deliver product to our customers on time. And that’s what our customers expect and demand. So that’s really the reason that we were not able to raise margin occur. Just because these…
David Weigand: Well, there was. We had two things. One, we had deferred revenue that we added to our balance sheet of about $12 million. So we had to carve-out some income for our services. And we also had, just the rest was just product mix and…
David Weigand: Sure, absolutely. So, we realized that with the Delta variant, it’s hard to say that COVID is over. And so therefore, we expect to continue to have challenges on supply chain shipping costs. However, we do expect our other initiatives such as our transition over to Taiwan and our new product offerings, and especially in those verticals that have attractive - more attractive gross margins, as well as our B2B and B2C configurator. We expected benefit of those things to start to come to the business in the upcoming quarters. So in the short run, we know that Taiwan has gone online. However, it's going to take a couple quarters to start to realize benefits.
David Weigand: Sure. I think that - I think what our range does is a range allow us for the struggles that we faced in the supply chain. So therefore, we feel like we provided a broad enough range that we can overachieve And we can also, but we feel comfortable with that range.
David Weigand: Sure, so one of the things that helps our cost structure, again, is the movement of our production over to Taiwan. So that's, we expect that to give us - benefit, as well as the attraction in our new product offerings, which we expect to bring higher margins than the traditional server business. So those are the factors that we have insight into and give us confidence that in spite of, supply chain challenges, which we've managed to meet. And in spite of higher costs, which we you know, in terms of shipping and an air freight, which we've continued to deal with, we still believe that through, price management that we can achieve the margins, which will allow us to deliver the targets that we are forecasting.
Ananda Baruah: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the strong revenue execution and the visibility to put out a long-term word of fiscal year rough guide here? I guess a couple from me if I could, David, could you just walk back through the components that you spoke to on gross margin? I just want to make sure that I'm straight on those. And then I have a quick follow up as well.
Ananda Baruah: Got it. Okay. And then, like how should we - what are sort of the pushes and the pulls? You may mentioned it in the prepared remarks that you expect in the coming quarters to move up into the 14% to 17% range. What are the pushes and pulls there? And if there’s any way to give them by order of magnitude, that would be helpful also.
Ananda Baruah: I got it. But it’s not unreasonable to think that you would be in the range by the end of the year – end of fiscal…
Ananda Baruah: Yes. Appreciate it. I'll get back in the queue here. I appreciate it. That's really helpful. Thanks.
Ananda Baruah: Thanks, guys for the follow-up. Yes. Just wanted to ask any context you could give us how we think about revenue seasonality during fiscal year 2022? Will there be a seasonal pattern or will it be. I mean, there will be a seasonal pattern but will it be different than usual fairly ratable on the year-over-year basis? Thanks.
