Charles Liang: Yes, very good question. Yes, we design lots of key components for, DLC, liquid cooling system, because we care quality, maintenance, and also time to market. So, we design lots of key components while we leverage third-party components as well. So, it's a combination. And, yes, I mean, liquid cooling, we try to charge customer with a minimum premium, and customer can save kind of air-conditioned equipment cost because cool down my liquid, right? So, at the same time, customer will safe lots of TCO, up to 40% of energy cost. That's why we try to promote a slogan, "green computing can be free with big bonus." Customer pay a very minimal premium, but they save up to 40% of energy cost. So, I believe a lot of customer will go for that direction. And, indeed, we already have a handful of customer have big order. That's why this quarter alone -- I mean, June quarter, we are preparing more than 1,000 liquid cooling rack for those early bird. And I believe the demand will continue to grow very strong.
Charles Liang: Okay. Thank you. I mean, yes, we continue to gain market share, especially our rack-scale plug-and-play solution that reduce customers' lead time and also reduce customers' time to online. With our rack-scale plug-and-play, customer able to put the system -- deploy the system online in next day or next few days instead of the next few weeks. So, time to online saving is a big advantage to customer. At the same time, the liquid cooling, they help customer save energy power. So, customer can allocate, relocate the energy power to power more computing equipment instead of waste of power for air cool. So, same money, that benefit lots of leading customer, and also rack-scale plug-and-play that make customer time to online. So, we continue to gain more new customer. While our old customer continue to grow, started to grow faster with our beta offering. So, GB200 [indiscernible] right? GB200, each rack will be around 100 kilowatt. So, lots of customer like that. And we help them build their liquid cooling system and optimize their data center for liquid cooling. So, we are growing customer base strongly now.
Charles Liang: Two reasons we had to increase inventory. One is because Q4, I mean, June quarter, we will have a strong revenue growth. Second reason, because we're preparing for high volume liquid cooling. Again, we have more than 1,000 of 100 kilowatt liquid cooling rack we had to ship to customer in Q4. And liquid cooling, as you know, is pretty new. So, we had to prepare enough inventory, so that we can deliver liquid cooling rack-scale product to customer on time or with minimum lead time. So, both factor, indeed, is a positive factor though. With our economic of scale continue to grow, indeed, our inventory average day, indeed, will slightly improve.
Charles Liang: Yeah. As you know, we have a lot of new product coming soon, right, to support NVIDIA, H200, B100, B200, GB200, and AMD MI300 and Intel Gaudi2, Gaudi3. So, we have a lot of new product already, and plus, liquid cooling, DLC, we are ready to ship high volume product. So for sure, I mean, calendar -- I mean, fiscal year '25, I mean, for September, December quarter, we will be -- we will have a strong growth. And I believe this strong growth will continue for many quarter to come if not many years. I believe it will be many years.
Charles Liang: Yeah. As you know, traditionally, in last 10 years, right, I mean, September quarter and March quarter always our soft quarter. But now with AI demand growing so strong, so we basically are able to grow sequentially. So, although, March and September still a little bit weak, but, basically, because of strong AI growth and our market share growing, so the sequential growth will become normal. And, basically, I mean, we have even better technologies than before ever, and now economies of scale become much bigger. Malaysia campus, production will be ready by end of this calendar year. So, we see lots of positive factor to grow our business.
Charles Liang: Again, the AI platform is getting popular, right? So, there are more and more competitor as well. So, we will try to keep a balance. To grow market share, we may, sometimes, some deal, we may have to be a little bit more aggressive in pricing. But, overall, we try to keep a balance. David, you may add something.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Again, two reasons, right? Q4, we will have a strong revenue. So, we had to prepare with Q4. And, also, I mean, liquid cooling, I mean, it's new. So, we had to prepare enough safety inventory for liquid cooling demand for June quarter and September quarter as well. So that's another reason why we have a slightly higher inventory now.
Charles Liang: Let me add a little bit. Because liquid cooling is new to us, so to speed up quick support for some of our very important customer on June quarter, indeed, we had to pay some premium to speed up the supply. So, we spend a bunch of [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Yeah. We believe our revenue will continue to grow strong, and that's why we need more capital to grow faster. If we grow 20%, 30%, we may have enough capital now. But if we grow much faster, then for sure, we need more capital to grow stronger.
Charles Liang: Yes. Indeed, our plan is very ambitious. Let me use that word. We have a very ambitious brand, so we try to continue grow very strong, kind of 3 times to 5 times faster than our industry's average. So, when that case happen, and we believe so, we hope so, then for sure we need more capital.
David Weigand: Yeah. So, our target is still 14% to 17%. If you look at our guide for Q2 -- I'm sorry, for Q3, we actually guided slightly down and we ended up slightly up. And so, it's very hard to guide exactly on the margins. There is a range, and in fact, I think the guide inside of -- inside the models last time was even more conservative. So, I would say, we build conservative -- we build conservatively and then seek to overachieve. So, I think, if you look at our guide for revenue and for OpEx, you'll be able to determine our guide there. But our target is definitely to stay in the 14% to 17% range.
David Weigand: Yeah. So, Aaron, my take on that is I hope that our inventory continues to grow because that means there's a reason behind it. So, it's -- and it's tied to sales. So, to your second question, the 21% customer was, the same as last quarter. And I want you to -- I wanted to let you know that, in the Q, we're going to be moving to customer A, customer B, customer C, because as we add more customers, we'll try to make it easier to make those distinguishments.
David Weigand: Yeah. And also, I agree with your point that Malaysia will also offer some opportunity to us. And we're also at a transition time when there's a lot of new -- we have a lot of new platforms that are coming out and the customers are highly anticipating. And those platforms are built on some emerging technologies that from many different areas. And we -- Supermicro's strength again is its fast time to market, and we expect with these -- with the emerging technologies and our new platforms and our liquid cooling to be first out there with very compelling solutions. So, we think those things are all going to be helping our margins.
David Weigand: So, this is an existing customer and we actually had a higher customer back in 2022, Mehdi, but I think they were around [22%] (ph). But this is still a really good customer, really good opportunity.
David Weigand: Sure. We had a number of things that impacted us. I think in non-current assets, we had deferred taxes grew by quite a bit this year -- or this quarter, and so that was something unusual. And then, let's see, I think those are -- I think that's the only unusual item, was a deferred tax grew a lot and that's what lowered our tax rate -- our quarterly tax rate as well.
David Weigand: Sure, absolutely. That's a fair question. So, we actually got a substantial amount of inventory in the last week of the quarter, okay, which obviously we're not going to be able to ship. But we took in $700 million in the last week of the quarter. So that's not something that -- that's something that has to do with when inventory arrives. And so, we -- it hurts our cash flow. But you know what? It doesn't matter, because we need that inventory for Q4 shipments.
David Weigand: Yeah. And I want to add, Nehal, that that's exactly why we did capital raises, too, is to prepare for these Q4 shipments, and so that we could make those large purchases and we hope to continue that.
David Weigand: Yeah. So, the two questions, Matt, I would say, first of all, to the gross margin question, again, I try to give a -- my philosophy is, give a conservative [indiscernible] to beat that. And we were able to do that in Q3 and we'll do everything we can do it -- can do to beat it in Q4. But it'll depend also on what we ship. As to the magnitude of revenue, I'll go back to the fact that our backlog is at a record high. And so what that means is that every quarter we could have shipped more if we had more parts. And so therefore, it's an ongoing problem and we don't rely on that as an excuse. The fact of the matter is, we're glad to be able to produce the products that we're producing for some of the best companies in the world. And so, we continue -- we will continue to do that and we're very upbeat by the fact that the supply chain continues to improve each quarter.
David Weigand: Yeah. So, the way I would answer that is that, I hope that I have -- that I need more capital, Jon, because that means that we're booking -- that we're growing revenues even faster. So, we've got capital adequate to get us through the current market, which means today. But in a week, that -- we hope that that changes, and we hope that we've got orders that require even more capital. So, all I can say is I hope that -- I'm hoping for the needs for more capital.
