Kevin Bauer: Sure. So, this was kind of our first take of some of these customers. I would say that, fortunately, as opposed to what some might think, our margin profile was not appreciably different from the margin profile of our other customers. So, we expect and hope that that will hold true on a go forward basis as well.
Kevin Bauer: So, I think, we just navigated a period that was challenging. We kind of gave some guidance in terms of how we think that it is gently going to improve in the December quarter here, based upon visibility that we have. I think, also, when we talked about some of those new customers, some of the lead times for their materials are longer in length, such that we get a little bit better visibility as to their plans for the March quarter. And so, therefore, I think, it's some of those feeds of information that make us believe that as we continue to accelerate quarter-by-quarter that there is some tangible evidence of people's plans, not perfect visibility but there's some that's out there to be able to latch on to. I don't know if you have anything else in addition to that, Charles.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. I thought of one thing that investment community understand that a little bit better is that some of these new customers are actually ordering rack scale products from us that with that longer lead time give us some visibility.
Kevin Bauer: So, I think, we said that we took some actions in this quarter. We trimmed some headcount. We actually did a similar kind of trim at the end of September that kind of bore fruit here in the December quarter. I think, as we look forward in terms of the pace of our hiring, as Charles has mentioned earlier, if we're going to appreciably hire anyone that's going to be Taiwan-based over the course of time, I think, our views of OpEX now on a non-GAAP basis is that -- I think we said quarter-over-quarter, somewhat flat, may drift a little bit in the March or June quarter, if COVID lifts and we feel that it's appropriate to give merit increases. But I think we're trying to hover in the mid-90s for a period of time here. And I think that's what you were looking for.
Kevin Bauer: Well, right now, the U.S. utilization is higher. I think, you heard in my prepared remarks that at the current time, Europe and Asia are suffering a little bit more than the U.S. because the U.S. was the location where we got these new marquee customers. But, I think on a go-forward basis, that capacity utilization needs to obviously increase, and we'll get some leverage off of that. I think it's also fair to say that with -- the U.S. building is not under active construction at the moment. We're taking a little bit of a pause with it where we're moving forward with the Taiwan building. I think, once those both get built out, we may have capacity to, on a full tilt basis, almost get to like $6 billion. So, we would be building that over the course of time, as necessary. I'm just talking about the Shell and its capabilities. But, that's the kind of profile I think that we're looking at, to answer your question.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So that kind of describes. And in previous calls, I talked about how after we get these buildings done, then our CapEx is going to go back to the modest maintenance. And now you have an understanding of where that's going to be.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. I think, Ananda, also we're going to see some return of the customers that took the pause in September.
Kevin Bauer: Well, there is some attach, but it's also true that contracts that we entered into in 2018 through early part of 2019, if you recall, had very elevated commodity costs, and the car for the service as a percentage of revenue. So, we had some more expensive contracts historically. I think, we do want to continue working on our attach rate. We do better in some regions than the other, and we need to work on some offshore attach rates, to be frank.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. We still are not splitting out our revenue segments right now. But, I will that the topography of it is quite different now. And that is, is that back in the day that you're referring to, it was a pretty large, greater than 10% customer, where we're greater diversified in that segment right now.
Charles Liang: Yes. It's hard to predict. But, as you may know, right, enterprise and channel business may continue to decline gently. And at the same time, the cloud, social networking, communication, video streaming demand still keep strong. And that's why we have created some good customers in large cloud and video streaming territory. So, we started getting some demand from that territory. And that's why our Taiwan operation -- manufacturer in Taiwan, especially for lower cost we have as well.
Charles Liang: Yes. Let me start and Kevin may follow. So, I mean, it's investment for, I would say short-term, mid-term and long-term. So, now this means that in Taiwan cost is much lower than in our USA operation, basically it's about 35% to 50%. So, for mature product, basically we see greatly leverage, the possibility that capacity in Taiwan. And with COVID-19 hit in US is much worse than in Taiwan, in Taiwan we see there almost no impact. And that's why we quickly leveraged our Taiwan operation advantage. And I believe it’s good for our short-term, and gradually, advantage will become much clearer, and much more significant in middle term and long term.
Charles Liang: Yes. Nehal, I just mentioned, I mean, in last quarter, I mean, especially after the impact of COVID-19, we started to focus on larger accounts, high profile, high-volume accounts for large cloud, a large data center and video streaming customer for example, 5G, telco. And we started to gain some very good partnership. And we started to ship some. And however, very high volume, it takes some time to ramp up. So, like Kevin say, I mean December quarter, we will see some help. March quarter and next year, June quarter, I believe we'll see much bigger help.
Charles Liang: Yes. Very good question. I mean, that we mentioned of our Supermicro 3.0 about three years ago, unfortunately, a 10-K delay that delayed the outcome of our project. The good thing is now it’s all over. So, we started to execute our Supermicro 3.0 now stronger. For example, 5G, edge and telco business, software and global service. So that has been helping our business and we will become a much significant help quarter-over-quarter. As to data center and cloud, even private cloud business has been growing, and we will continue to invest in that area. So, it should be a very significant driver for us in short-term, mid-term and even long-term, especially long-term I would say.
Charles Liang: Yes. More and more customers now really appreciate our total solutions, not just telecom but the CPU, memory, hard drive, and total solution including management software, including some even application software. So including a spatial memory, where we mention a kind of SSD NVMe, and -- total solution has been our long-term goal, and complete right solution. And very soon we will share with you even more about our private cloud total solution. But, it's a little bit too early to say too much. But yes, we are moving forward to a total solution.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean economical scale will help us. So, we are growing global now. And with new business drive, that will grow our revenue, our economic scale. And that will help our gross margin and then the margin ratio. At the same time, the service business, the software value is getting help to our profit as well.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, a very good question. I mean, as you may know, right, I mean, our DNA, I mean, since 2000 -- year 2000 to 2017, pretty much our yearly compound growth has been about 20% yearly. So, I don't believe we won't return to that growth rate or better. We'll take the delay behind us. And although COVID-19 is challenging us, but now we enable Taiwan operation, the opportunity in Taiwan with lower cost, with almost no COVID-19 impact, I feel very confident we will get back to 2 digital growth here very soon, hopefully not just 2 digital, hopefully, we can have -- no reason we cannot get back to more than 20% or 30% growth yearly. So, I have a very good feel and very excited to -- in the next few years at least.
Charles Liang: Yes. Indeed, to reach $6 billion, our cap investment won't increase too much because the facility capacity pretty much ready here.
Charles Liang: With COVID-19, we try to be conservative. So today, we give a range of $780 million to $880 million. I hope it's a conservative number. And again, that's why we just mentioned, we are gaining a high-profile customer in large cloud, 5G, telco and video steaming all kind of business. So, I believe next few quarters should be our good quarter to grow.
Charles Liang: Yes. As you may know, Intel Ice Lake now can be available very soon, end of this year or early next year. And we have the strongest product line ever, all available now. Once the Intel CPU in production, will be ready to ship. [Indiscernible] product line. So, we are all ready.
Charles Liang: Overall, I believe the business will be getting stronger, getting better for us for a couple of reasons. Number one, we just created some very-high profile customer in the last few months. And those ramp-up is pretty predictable. And second is our current operation is getting ready, and we just grow some strong team in Taiwan, those team are ready to grow. So, we have a very good feeling in the near future, especially next calendar year should be a strong year for us.
Charles Liang: Maybe I can share. I mean, we saw our facility in Taiwan getting bigger. And of course, it’s much lower than our operation in USA. So, with that advantage, now we will start to approach that market much more aggressively than the last few years. So, in the other words, we will actually focus on that territory very soon.
Charles Liang: Yes. Because those large data center, they buy a lot, but they want a more aggressive price. So, with our Taiwan operation, now we are much ready to service customers like that.
Charles Liang: Thank you a lot for joining us today, and looking forward to seeing you in person, hopefully very soon. And have a great day. Thank you.
