Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you. A very good question. Yes, I share in last few quarters, we started engage more and more large enterprise account. And we, again, it’s even more than handle for a larger account in last few quarter, including 5G/Telco, including AI machine learning and including HPC as well. So pretty much across broader range. We have a more customer and with our B2B automation, auto congregator to I just mentioned. Now we are able to have sales engineer and PA to communicate with customer much more efficiently. So now we have a more bandwidth to talk to more customer, talk more customer’s application in more detail. So I do – we are contained again, customer and again design win.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes. As I share with – we see in last few quarter, Asian campus production capacity is very important to our business. In USA, especially, our operation have been pretty much focused on our pay area and that’s 28 years and it really cost too high. So we are very happy finally, we have a big campus in Taipei, Taiwan, and now we have big capacity ready. Indeed, we – today, we just utilize about less than 30% of our capacity. So we have cheaper capacity available in Asia now. So we are very happy and we are a start to a very aggressively engaged customer in Asia and EMEA or even leverage Taiwan, the capacity to support a customer in USA. So that’s a very positive changing to us.
Charles Liang: Okay, good. Because of our global shortage, otherwise our revenue must be much bigger than Taipei. We alarmed at $1.03 billion this quarter, because we’re always shortage otherwise that much should be much bigger. So at this moment, our iteration rate in Taiwan is about 30% or a little bit bad. And we expect once the global shortage program to this, we will use unpaid to 80% to 100% capacity in Taiwan almost in a few quarters. So we have a very strong demand and just need a supply chain to be improved.
Charles Liang: Yes. Indeed, in Asia, we did not have really strong promotion before, because our capacity before it was limited in Asia. And most of the time, we had to ship the port out from USA to customer in Asia, that was our business before. Now we saw Taiwan capacity much, much bigger maybe. So we are very aggressively approaching customer in Asia and these are not just in Asia, in support European customer from Asia, also very good arrangement. And we start to focus kind of our sales force in Asia. So that’s a major reason, and we will continue to invest more as sales marketing team in Asia and EMEA as well as in East Coast, indeed in USA, East Coast will be a very sweet spot for us as well. And we just have a strong team as not to focus on U.S. is cost now.
Charles Liang: AI, for example, and Telco – 5G/Telco, for example, and in either because our Asia market share was a small before, so basically we have a lot of norms to grow in Asia.
Charles Liang: Very good question and a big question. As you know, we usually keep about $900 million in mentoring and now grow to almost $1.3 billion. So the reason why we grow inventory so quickly, because we want to make sure we are doing our best to support the customers and to support our growth. So we continue to improve our relationship with out supply chain, and it’s really a big shortage, especially in chips like those I/O chip, especially, a small chip like what I mentioned before. In some CPU shortage as well, CPU some slow delivery as well. So we are facing to lots of logistics delay and however because we are providing IP total solution now. So we taking care all our difficulty portion and keep complete pattern play direct solution to our customer. So most our customer now are very appreciate, direct scale total solution. And we just had to continue working with our supply chain to enable those shortage item. And how soon can we fix those problems. It’s really a global problem. So people included myself, I guess maybe at least in three months to four months. And hopefully, of the day, things will be improving.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, as you may know, right, CRM price is dropping now since last month, so maybe two months ago. So CRM supply is getting a much better position than before. So other than CRM and most of the other components, still have a big shortage. And we foresee some IC price will continue going up. As you know, even TSMC November 1, some of their product line cost will increase to their customer. So overall, I feel – seen some improvement, but won’t be right away.
Charles Liang: We basically pass-through to our customer whatever we can, and customer is getting used to this model because we just cannot afford to get so much price rise. This year, the customer pretty much understand that.
Charles Liang: Yes. Basically, we hope so. But the problem is we cannot deliver even our back order today. So that’s why we did not push customers to predict order much earlier, but we hope they can more transparent to us about their forecast, about their IPO, yes, for sure. But again, the current back orders indeed have been a big demand, and we had to fulfill there as soon as possible.
Charles Liang: Yes. AI-optimized server for so is high-value, high performance, high-value, and we are very aggressive to continue to grow our AI machine. Indeed, our AI machine, including complete system and some payable, I believe our market share still pretty much top one or top two. I hope top one, and I believe will be continue to grow very strongly because we have been focused so much on those high-end products, including a Total Solution, right, AI Total solution. We start to ship kind of AI Cloud to some of our partner. Again, that makes our customers’ job much easier. So when we ship that direct to customers, customers are able to get targeting networking cable, power cable and pretty much ready to run their applications. So with Total AI Cloud, Total AI solution, I am very optimistic that our deep learning AI machine, even including a video streaming solution will continue to grow very fast.
Charles Liang: That expand to, I just mentioned, we start to focus on our 5S business right, the software, breaches and service and those probably have a higher profitability, but they are also generally priority four revenue.
Charles Liang: Yes, this is a very important area, we watch very well. So most our orders are pretty evenly come from our customer base. So at this moment, I did not see in the specific this year. So pretty evenly come from many customer and from many different vertical. And by the way, our Building Block Solutions, not advantages we can simply kind of the configurator system. So even in one customer slow down, we won’t have to kind of really have a hard time for over inventory.
Charles Liang: Yes. And see I’m very happy to share. Most of our growth from our Building Block Solutions, after we continue to emphasize our Building Block Solutions and see the most of the customer now put it our Building Block Solutions, because it’s easy to support their urgent demand and also this over inventory risk for our sale and volume sale.
Charles Liang: It will be very important, especially for our long-term. Before we see many come from manpower sales, FA and PA to work with customer one-by -one. But now we see inhabiting database, not online for CT, are able to help customers figure out what’s the base configuration, what’s the base of the product for them and then embed it through our commence center-based service. So almost all our customer in sales who have able use that system are very happy with the service and shrink the time to communicate and make the communication much more accurate product optimization, much more cost down and data performance. So for midterm, long-term, I’m very optimistic with auto-configurator command center-based B2B system.
Charles Liang: We did not share with that number yet. But basically, the profitability will be higher because B2B auto-configurator, we are able to work with many more customers and especially a lot of middle-sized enterprise customer now. But before we can take are only large-scale customer because we do not have in our man power to take care of 2 million ton. But now with automation we have, we are able to reach to many more middle-sized enterprise account. And for those accounts, as the pro-margin data.
Charles Liang: Thank you so much to join us. And very happy to see you next quarter again. Thank you and a good day.
David Weigand: So we have a $200 million line of credit with the Bank of America, and we also have over $300 million in Credit Lines in Taiwan as well.
David Weigand: I think it’s simply just a matter of digestion. We had some large, very large purchases, and there was some digestion of those purchases, and we expect those to return.
David Weigand: Yes. So as I think the key is we’re going into a seasonally strong December quarter. And so we – that combined with the fact that we’ve got to make sure we get in ahead of supply chain delays as much as possible has really driven our decision to increase inventory levels up. So therefore in this – in the current market with the delays, both on the delivery side, as well as on the production side and the delays in containers making it to port, you’ve got to order earlier. So therefore we have to – we have to place orders in order to keep up with our customer demand. So that’s really, and that’s why we increased our credit lines and use those to increase inventory.
David Weigand: So two reasons. Number one, we had some customers who prepaid and number two, we had some additional services that were – an increase in services that we had to defer.
David Weigand: Sure, absolutely. So our target model gross margin is of course 14 to 17. And we’ve mentioned that again, this quarter our transportation costs or freight costs went up by $3 million or 30 basis points. And that was on top of the increase from the prior quarter. Now, I can tell you that in my discussions with our operations people, it looks like that amount is starting to level off of that the rates are leveling off. And so we are – so the guidance that we give is giving or giving is to be up both in Q2, as well as in the second half.
David Weigand: That’s just, I mean, there’s only been one month in this quarter, but so far they don’t seem to be increasing at the same rate that they were in prior quarters.
David Weigand: Yes. So in other words, through Q4, they continue to increase. And then in Q1, they also increased another 30 basis points. And another think about it is 30 basis points on lower evidence that the freight costs went up. So, I’m saying in the current Q2, we see that leveling off.
David Weigand: Yes, so we’re actually on verticals. We didn’t – we’re not going back on a year-over-year basis, because we really started tracking this closely beginning with the fiscal year end. And so but as each quarter, now we’ll give a little bit more insight. But I can tell you that, the one vertical that went down, which was in the 5G – I’m sorry, the OEM, and OEM appliance was really, as I mentioned, that was the digestion that I referred to from a couple of customers. And we see that returning that first returning in Q2.
David Weigand: So we had a little bit lower. We had – personal, it was – we had increased personnel costs. And then we did have a little bit lower bonuses this in Q2. I’m sorry, in Q1, I said in Q1.
David Weigand: Sure, Jon. There’s a number of factors. Number one, we expect to start gaining traction from our auto-configurator, B2B, B2C solutions. We also have been exercising more price discipline. And also, we’ve learned how to manage, how to better manage the passing on of freight charges and other things and our cost increases to our customers. So that, along with the – some of the margins from our new product offerings give us a good little bit better insight into margin growth.
