Charles Liang: Yes, very good question as the macroeconomic condition is how to predict at this moment look like there will be some headwind for sure. But with the coming soon several rapid new technology from Intel, AMD, Genoa and NVIDIA H100, so there are lots of new opportunity for us whenever the market have a new technology, Supermicro [indiscernible] chance to gain mark share. So with that, indeed, I believe our business in next 12 months should be not too – not too much impact. And also our business automation like in the last few quarters I mentioned about our auto configurator, our online automation that will help ourselves to service customer better. And with those offset the new product, the better tool, I believe our next 12 months business won't be too bad.
Charles Liang: And this year is, again, that's why I just mentioned so many new technologies coming. So we'd like to take this chance to continue to gain market share. So hopefully Supermicro [indiscernible] a $10 billion company and then $20 billion company. So we'll continue to focus on quickly growing the company market share and our position.
Charles Liang: Yes. Generally a little bit kind of signal we need to observe that, but again new product, new technology that will offset this macro economy weakness.
Charles Liang: Supply chain has been dramatically improved, as you may know, right. Three months ago, they have seen a shortage everywhere, but as of today, the shortage problem has been dramatically improved, so not much shortage at this moment. And we believe looking for growth in the coming quarters we won't have a shortage problem. After this, that won't be too bad and that's why we prepared to grow market share.
Charles Liang: Yes. In that one month or three months, I mean we have some cash pressure, major because global shortage, so we had to keep large amount of inventory, now inventory program have been improved because no more big supply chain challenge now.
Charles Liang: Again, the major reason is a macroeconomic condition. Because no one really know how long the economic headwind will last. So we try to be more conscious.
Charles Liang: Yes, we see some impact for sure and exactly how long that impact we are lasting, we still keeping watch.
Charles Liang: It’s a big question. I mean again, they are lots of new technology, new CPU, new GPU, so that will be a positive side, but at the same time, the macro economy can be – can put in some negative impact. So at this moment, we try to play safe, so that’s why the number I will share is relatively conservative.
Charles Liang: Yes, very good question. As I earlier just mentioned, we just introduced a couple of business automation tool, including auto configurator, including auto online, online service. So all of those were ahead of our sales, make our sales and customer relationship become more efficient, more accurate and we expect we are able to gain more customer, hopefully many more customer because of the improvement of our automation tool.
Charles Liang: Again, with our much stronger storage product now, right, including all kind of data center management tool, our security tool and other service and applications. So yes, so we are in much stronger position from this point of view with our kind of large-scale total solution.
Charles Liang: For sure, customer will buy new product to replace that old product, right? But because we always have a stronger new product line, a new technology, that’s how we expect we will continue to gain customer base and also improve customer relationship because of a stronger product. And not just the hardware product like before, but now our total solution have customer a lot. And GreenComputing as you know, our GreenComputing is a total solution. And we make for example, water cooling much easier and much quicker delivery time. So all of those we believe will be a positive drive for our business growth.
David Weigand: So we haven't changed our CapEx allocation strategy. We still have a repurchase plan in place as market – and the board review that policy. And otherwise our CapEx for next quarter was listed as $7 million to $10 million and so we don't anticipate large increases in inventory.
David Weigand: Sure, absolutely. You can see our cash conversion cycle came down and that was a result of, we were able to speed collections and also we did receive some advance customer payments and we'll have a little bit more color on that in our 10-Q, which should be filed in the next few days. But we received about $70 million in advance payments from customers, so that helped us out. But still our cash flow from operations greatly exceeded our net income.
David Weigand: Yes. Nehal, that's correct, because we have our – inventories are a little more reasonable now. And then what I mean by that is the supply – some of the supply chain issues we have our cash flows are a little more imbalanced and so we expect cash flows to be a little more in line with income.
David Weigand: Yes, we really have – we have growth in all of our verticals, Nehal, and not only that but geographically as well. So as Charles mentioned, there's new CPUs coming out from AMD, from NVIDIA, from Intel, as well as relative new product launches. So we think that all of those, the momentum that we have in our verticals as well as the new product introductions is what gives us guidance to the numbers that we put up.
David Weigand: Yes. So by the way, we didn’t have any customers that were added, however, as everyone knows the GPU sales became limited. China sales last quarter were less than 3%. So we don’t consider this to be a significant issue for us going forward.
David Weigand: Most of our contracts are invoices are U.S. dollar denominated. We – our FX really comes from the fact that we have some Taiwan dollar denominated loans, and that’s what causes the quarterly fluctuation in our FX is just marking the dollar to – the U.S. dollar to the Taiwan dollar. So therefore, the only impacts on FX come from really a price setting issues as opposed to balance sheet issues.
David Weigand: So we didn’t have any push outs. We had some customers, this will be in the 10-Q we had a couple customers who prepaid and whose shipments somewhat, which were made but were not – did not qualify for revenue recognition, others that would ship later. So that we didn’t have any push out, so.
David Weigand: So Mehdi, probably may have heard that a lot of GPU prices and CPU prices are going up, especially with the new the new refreshes that are coming out. So we anticipate that ASPs will continue to go up.
David Weigand: Yes. So I think that I think my general comments apply that our – we see our cash flows as now more balanced with income – with net income. And so we’ll get a – we’ll have a few puts and takes where customers prepay more or less from quarter-to-quarter. But we went – we underwent a lot of heavy lifting Mehdi to get our revenue levels up and our AR levels up as we were growing. And so to the extent that we have more growth, we will face those challenges, but based on our current forecasts, we expect cash flows to be close to net income.
