Perry Hayes: Good afternoon and thank you for attending Super Micro's business update conference call for the second quarter fiscal 2018, which ended December 31, 2017. As announced in our press release, the company has completed the previously disclosed investigation conducted by the audit committee. Additional time is required to analyze the impact if any other results of the investigation on the company's historical financial statement, as well as to conduct additional reviews before the company will be able to finalize its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017. The company is unable at this time to provide a date as to when the Form 10-K will be filed or to predict whether the company's historical financial statements will be adjusted or if so the amount of any such adjustment. The company intends to file its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30 and December 31, 2017 promptly after filing the Form 10-K. Based on these delays during today's conference call, Super Micro will address business and market trends from the second fiscal quarter of 2018 and will discuss estimated financial results. But reference to any financial results are preliminary and subject to change based on finalized results contained in future filings with the SEC. By now you should have received a copy of today's news release that was distributed at the close of regular trading and is available on the company's website. Before we start, I’ll remind you that our remarks include forward-looking statements. There are a number of risk factors that could cause Super Micro’s future results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon or our most recent Form 10-K and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available from the Investor Relations page of Super Micro’s website. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Most of today’s presentation will refer to non-GAAP financial results and outlooks. At the end of today's prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session, which sell-side analysts will be permitted to ask questions. Questions should be directed to the company's business update covered in today's call. The company will not address any questions regarding the audit committee investigation or the delay in the filing of the company's 10-K. I’ll now turn the call over to Charles Liang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Perry Hayes: Thank you. As indicated previously, we will have a Q&A session now in which sell-side analyst will be permitted to ask questions. I would like to remind you that question should be directed to the business update that we have just provided. We will not answer any questions relating to the audit committee investigation or the delayed filing of our 10-K. Operator, at the time we’re ready for questions.
Perry Hayes: Just would add here that as we said in Charles remarks earlier that it was very broad based. Every single vertical was up and we were up in every geography.
Perry Hayes: So, just as you know - that we wouldn't comment on the audit committee investigation and the delayed financing 10-K and definitely we’re not at liberty to discuss anything related to the audit committee. So I’m going to have to decline your question on that, but with regard to we did announce a new person to head up our sales our worldwide sales, his name is Don Clegg, that was in the press release only today. He is a great guy. He in the company for many, many years. He is often stepped into the role when people were absent in traveling. So he has a wealth of knowledge about the company and how it operates. With regard to forecasting future, Kevin would you like to make a couple of comments.
Perry Hayes: I’ll just add to that, it sounds a little bit like last quarter. We had geographic mix with very strong China revenue. We continue to have product mix where a lot of our products have more component reliance to them so that impacts that. And again we're still in the Grantley lifecycle technology. So, as Charles mentioned in his comments that our Skylake grew 100% but it was also a low base. So the big part of the ramp on Skylake is still ahead of us. We said that now for the last several months that beginning 2018 we will start to see that that go higher. And then lastly - based on the report of our estimated EPS, you can probably tell from that that we did make some significant progress in terms of our EBIT margin. That was up significantly as we were able to control OpEx.
Perry Hayes: David we are working as hard as we can with - in conjunction with the independent auditors to try and complete this process as soon as possible. But as we have already described at this time, we’re not able to really determine the date when that will happen. We do have a NASDAQ extension until March 13 and our bank line with Bank of America we have an agreement which we've previously announced that sinks up with that March date.
Perry Hayes: Nehal, I think just add as well, as you know - for the industry historically there's lot of seasonality in this March quarter right with the lunar New Year and some of this other events that are happening. So it’s a little bit hard to gauge with that, plus all the comments that Charles made.
Perry Hayes: Nehal, appreciate your question but I don't know whether you're listening earlier. We’re not at liberty to discuss the audit committee investigation.
Perry Hayes: Again Nehal your conclusion is your own, that is nothing that we have said or discussed in any of our press releases and we are not going to discuss the audit committee investigation.
Charles Liang: Overall growth will continue to be very strong other than there is some component shortage global wide. So we believe growth will be continued pretty soon.
Charles Liang: In past I mean in that solid four years we had been - we are prepared for Supermicro 3.0 so which is higher and change not for internal sales expertise. So our team is becoming much stronger than before ever.
Charles Liang: Basically our revenue have been growing very strong. In next couple of quarter we are continuing our stronger trend. However, our memory price still go in higher unfortunately. So net margin gross margin have been about flat, I guess like so other than that our business have been very strong and we foresee a very strong growth in the next few quarter, at the least.
Charles Liang: Basically we don’t comment with specific customers with business condition. However I'm happy to share our big win with lots of large enterprise account had been continuing going very strong. So we do feel very positive. We will continue to grow in this segment. It’s kind of indeed many enterprise customer had been growing business with us.
Charles Liang: Yes, DRAM price continues to grow temporarily, and other components even [indiscernible] we did see some shortages global wide. Basically our growth have been much faster than the average overall industry. So we did see a shocking challenge but with getting stronger relationship with our vendor. So there are some challenges but I believe it will be okay.
Charles Liang: Yes, good question. I mean our Skylake indeed grow more than double over last quarter and we did see a strong growth this quarter and next coming few quarter. So, our overall Skylake will go strong but overall next generation business is strong. So especially we have lot of embedded IoT customers. So overall our growth will be pretty smooth I believe.
Charles Liang: Next-gen storage continues to grow year-over-year stably and some quarter grow more, some quarter grow less but overall next generation storage will continue to grow strongly.
Charles Liang: We believe growth will be strong in March quarter even if this seasonally slow quarter but because of that shortage, I mean component shortage global wide so we try to be more conservative not over a big range 700 to 780.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we're looking forward to a strong 2018. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
