Perry Hayes: Good afternoon and thank you for attending Super Micro's financial results conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2020, which ended December 31, 2019.  By now, you should have received a copy of the news release from the company that was distributed at the close of regular trading and is available on the company's website.  As a reminder, in today's call, the company will refer to a presentation that is available to participants in the Investor Relations team of the company's website under the Events & Presentations tab. We have also published management's scripted commentary on this quarter's results on our website.  Before we start, I'll remind you that our remarks include forward-looking statements. There are a number of risk factors that could cause Super Micro's future results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our most recent 10-K filing for 2019 and other SEC filings. All of these documents are available on the Investor Relations page of Super Micro's website. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  Most of today's presentation will refer to non-GAAP financial results and outlook. For an explanation of our non-GAAP financial measures, please refer to the accompanying presentation or to our press release covered earlier today. In addition, a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is contained in today's press release and in the supplemental information attached to today's presentation. At the end of today's prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session for sell-side analysts to ask questions. 
Perry Hayes: Thank you, Kevin. I'd just like to remind shareholders who are listening in on the call, I understand that the audio may not have been very clear. At this point, I'll remind you that the transcript will be available on our website, in fact, is at this time. So if you had any questions understanding part of it, please refer to the transcript.  Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Perry Hayes: So yes, this indirect channel was higher than what we've typically seen. I just want to call out, though, that both the direct and OEM business and the indirect channel business both grew sequentially. The indirect channel, we've had a number of programs that we've launched in support of the channel. That, I think, has been helpful. Also, we've seen that the channel also includes the logistic part where we sell subsystems, but it also includes bars we have some larger customers buying systems from them. So that's primarily what we sell, larger purchases through the indirect channel from some of our larger customers.
Kevin Bauer: As we highlighted this quarter, we have costs—or caution a little bit with the coronavirus that is out there. What I tried to convey is that once we get through this quarter and say there are no residual effects of that, then we like what we see in terms of what our new customer pipeline looks like as well as knowing that the technology refreshes itself at the end of the year. And so we don't normally give a longer-term guidance, but just giving you a little bit of color for the investment community to results.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So let's first talk about our R&D investments. So we mentioned that we continue to invest in R&D for future products. Another [indiscernible] of the company is to enhance our software capabilities. So some of that is really focused on software engineers. And we are signalling that we continue to invest here.  As it relates to OpEx, I understand that certainly, as we really, really focused on getting compliance in this quarter, that $6.5 million is maybe not comprehended in model. And so therefore, I wanted to address that thing that, when we had our audited booking concurrently on both '18, '19 as well as first quarter '20, we went through a peak and that's why I tried to call that out. So that $6.4 million, I think it is safe to model that, that will not occur in the March quarter. And so kind of, to reset your base, I'll keep that in mind, and then I was trying to give you the ecology of the way audits play thereafter. So therefore, we're going to be dealing in a lot of remediation activity internally. And then as funded by—we'll be working with the audit firm for [indiscernible] audit 2020 results as well as the intensity of their auditing our performance on internal control, hopefully, such that it would be remediated by 2020.  So that's the shape that I tried to give you, a reset, including into the March quarter, and then kind of like increasing through to September.
Kevin Bauer: Well, I think we're always looking for ways to improve, but I think maybe the increase in commodity prices, as a margin percentage, I think I articulated that, that could be a little bit of a headwind. So I think you're on track there.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. Sure. So maybe, I think I can share with you that Charles has been very, very forward and very supportive in terms of investing in the feed and ensuring that, for instance, the internal audit and the compliance group are all joined at the hip. And I will tell you that now with Don at the helm at sales and Alex being our COO, the communication of—in training across the entire organization is light years ahead of what it was a year or two ago.  And to give you a little bit of color, I think, just this quarter, we were very enhanced in terms of the way that we closed this quarter and being very interactive with the operational people to understand everything that's going on to make sure that we are fully aware of what impacts the financials. And so Charles certainly helps us make sure that we have all the resources to be able to do that. As you know, we have other remediation efforts that we need to attend to. We brought on a wonderful [indiscernible] chair that has helped us in terms of helping to get and understand ideas of how an apps deal company needs to perform revenue on a daily basis as well as follow up with requisite investments in IT. So there's a lot going on in the ecosystem [indiscernible].
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So I think it's probably pretty traditional in that the pipeline that I was referring to was really the targeted customers that we're trying to obtain and understanding that—what is in front of us and the level of efforts that we find to land new customers. So sometimes pipeline is referred to growing backlog and all those kind of things, which is not our business. What we're talking about is landing new customers.
Kevin Bauer: You're trying to understand the delay, and I think there is always a delay, but we try to be very nimble in that. And we [indiscernible].
Kevin Bauer: Yes, I think we had a good quarter. And I did refer to fact that it was better than what our near-term target range was. I—like every watermark, I'm not sure it will be there because—forever because we have seasonalities that we have to live with. But I think what we'll do now is kind of revisit our target. And over the course of time to be—that project can be shifted, so a little bit better performance, and we'll give an update on that.
Kevin Bauer: I mean, March is a very difficult quarter. I think we're talking about beyond the March quarter, just given all of the macro dynamics that we talked about.
Kevin Bauer: I think—we haven't seen everyone else in the industry breakout. We haven't compared it necessarily. But in Europe, I think we will go soft from data center customers.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So I think first and foremost, it's good that we're starting to get stronger service business. Certainly, when you're attacking enterprise customers who want that white glove performance or rather expectations, that helped do that. So it is a little bit of a proxy build out. There's a lot when we add on in that deferred service revenue in terms of the length of contracts that people are signing up for. Also pricing over the course of time ends up being in the service revenue line item as well. But I think you're right in terms of it growing is a healthy thing for Super Micro. And what I said in past calls is that, so far, it is a small number from a revenue perspective, but it hopefully will be giving us some buffer in the margin area as time goes by.  So it's all just a big direct from appliances for Super Micro, and is a proof point to a certain degree, of the increase in software and service profit for the company that Charles outlined earlier.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So I think the key thing there that Perry kind of broke out a little bit is that one cannot make a direct connection to systems versus subsystems and channel versus direct. It is quite a bit of a mix in there.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. That would be a sequential comment. We might see the same kind of mix shift when we compare year-over-year, however.
Kevin Bauer: Well, I'm glad you asked that question because you've misinterpreted what I said. We had OpEx and non-GAAP OpEx in the quarter be a little over $100 million, right? And so what I tried to say is that $6.5 million will [indiscernible] what we will come off for the March quarter. So strip off $6.5 million. And then from that new baseline, we would have some trending upward expense than that. So you already asked that one.
Kevin Bauer: So it'll be continuing to ramp. And then actually first quarter '21, I think, would be a peak from an audit cost perspective.
Kevin Bauer: So I just want to [indiscernible] that I was speaking in fiscal quarter near the ending. 1Q '21 would be September of 2020.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. It's a little bit mature—premature for us to be able to call that out right now. In our interactions in the past quarter or so, we've mentioned that now that we're back on the market, but we might take a little bit of time redescribing the company and preparing for an Analyst Day in which we would then present a model going forward. So I'm not quite ready to answer that question, please.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. We don't have that number on our fingertips. But what I can tell you is there are some reasons that we work with partners through our offices as well. So our strategy has been work with partners in new markets and then [indiscernible] where we have scale, so to speak. So I think [indiscernible] next time. I think they're providing that there's going to be [indiscernible] becomes more meaningful for the company.
Charles Liang: [indiscernible] quarter, maybe two years ago. We start with investing much more in Korea. So Super Micro [indiscernible] provide most of total solution through our enterprise customer. And unlike 10 years ago, we pretty [indiscernible]. So we can [indiscernible] as a total solution company. And this [indiscernible] we are adding more value to our product.
Charles Liang: Yes. That is why we are saying—I mean, in [indiscernible] we start to invest more and more in the firmware, software solutions. So we are ready to focus much more on the enterprise, including governance and some other mission-critical patent. So from this point of view, we feel very comfortable to grow our [indiscernible] both in OEM and in [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Yes. Especially the SAP system has been much mature than two years ago or three years ago. And we're now adding operational [indiscernible]. I would have to say, we pretty much double our [indiscernible] in compliance and financial department compared with two years ago. So all of those kind of dramatically improved our operations and financial function.
Charles Liang: Especially [indiscernible], we start to have a more enterprise accounts. So those enterprise and large accounts in the area continues by the products and commerce distribution and regular data center. They change vendor kind of more [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean obviously, AMD is growing quickly, and NPLs are more dynamic new product. So basically—by the way, when they have new technology, new generation products always outperform the older product. So we have a very strong engineering team and fully focused on delivering the new economies in the market. So taking AMD alone [indiscernible], we are well prepared. And that's why we believe [indiscernible] on this calendar year and next year, I believe we will have a big chance to build much faster.
Charles Liang: Okay. Basically, we have a much stronger relationship with our vendor already. And so pretty much, we are able to be deflect any price to our customers. So that overall effect should be [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Yes. We see the—before, we always grew much faster than the industry. [indiscernible] see a slow down. Now it's time to get back to faster growth again. So we expect that we will be able to grow a better [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Yes. And at this stage, we started to service [indiscernible] more than 15% here. So we believe the trend will continue for next many years to come.
Charles Liang: As you may know, right? I mean, from [indiscernible] last year, previous, we see a Super Micro [indiscernible] and extend our business through a total solution, not like the five years ago from the [indiscernible] hardware company. So now we are moving to not just hardware company, but total solution, including firmware, software and service. So there, we're putting more value to our business.
Charles Liang: Our global support team is getting stronger, too. Kind of—it's not like—in terms of hardware, we feel we are more completed system, higher value, even improving our security management feature and kind of the whole cloud in those pipeline. And other than that, we started overall inside the [indiscernible] in some other [indiscernible].
