Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. While we are pleased that 2010 was a remarkable year of success in growth (inaudible) we now look forward to a strong fiscal 2011 with our established operation in Netherlands and Taiwan, we would take advantage of lower cost of supply chain and logistics cost to improve our margin. Also as these operation ramp to grow capacity we will improve our productivity and thus improve our profitability. Overall past year we had also invest in product development for several key partners (ph) and in the coming year we expect to see a strong payoff from ramping business from those products. With our award winning TwinBlade now launched in fiscal 2011, we also expect to see a consistent growth in our Blade server. Also in 2011 we expect that our high end product line for enterprise and mission critical application customers. We are providing the revenue and net margin upside from new markets. Therefore as we begin fiscal year 2011 we are positioned to execute on our strategy to grow our revenue operation and scale and to improve our portability in the upcoming years. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Indeed one of the key reason is what because the memory and hard drive most of it big shortage in June quarter and that’s why we had to rush supplier and that’s why we pay higher cost for memory and hard drive in June quarter and that I guess one of the major reason why our overall gross margin was not that good.
Charles Liang: Indeed at Super Micro we did some shortages with hard drive as well, both hard drive and memory last quarter. It looks like this quarter is improving but yet last quarter we need to pay a little higher cost than March quarter or even December quarter.
Charles Liang: Since late of June, we started shipping Nehalem-Ex and this trend which continue, right. And those are AMD G34 (inaudible) processor well, the new G34 which was launched two months ago.Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you.
Charles Liang: We do have few factors that will improve our gross margin and this net profit. One is economical scale, right. We continue to grow our business sides and that to kinds of help us in term of price negotiation and product allocation with shortage and second is our investment in Netherlands and Taiwan and the new facilities there pretty much under capacity, right, capacity under usage. So that will continue to improve for sure and then headcount kind of increase. Not to remind that we increase our 20% headcount compared with our competitor that pretty much give threat (ph) so that kind of increase kind of big portion of our cost and looking forward we already have a very strong team here so in coming year, at least we pretty much won’t hire than high percentage of headcount again.
Charles Liang: From Intel product point of view we did not see any shortage for sure but memory, hard drive we see a improving and AMD G34 now for sure we (inaudible).Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: So those were the major components. So I think Howard in the past what we’ve always talked about has been new processors lead to better margins right.
Charles Liang: I get there is combination of overall market, IT industry kind of trend in our own historical experience. So this September quarter looks like a shortage problem where we improve in new product we have (inaudible) ramp up however kind of from our history September yearly did not grow that much.
Charles Liang: So I mean looking forward I hope that we can catch that (inaudible) 30% year range. But that’s about our goal we are looking for.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Yes I think that’s a fair question as Charles alluded to, we had some shortages that delayed our delivery of some products again that affected our mix with regards to server solutions we could have shipped at the end.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Okay so there were some capacity in servers that you were looking to ship at the end of the quarter but you didn’t have the specific components to do it and I wish you had called those components out and then should make up the revenue you sold more the sub components.
Howard Hideshima: No I think the percentage is there, you see we’re down a point, 1.4% quarter-over-quarter as a percentage of our revenue for servers.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Right.
Howard Hideshima: Right and so if you look at that last quarter we were down about 2.5% and you saw an impact to our March I think this quarter you saw our margins basically flat between quarters even though we did have a reduction in our server business, right.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Okay, thank you.
Howard Hideshima: Yes like for example, let’s try it this way. Last quarter we saw about 1.2% decrease in our margins. We had a similar type of decrease in our percentages of server solution. I’m talking back to Q2.
Howard Hideshima: And we saw that about 1.2% decrease in our margins and this quarter one of the main factors I would target back in the Q3 was basically that the server percentage, percentage of our content of our business had decreased right. This quarter we saw a similar type of server decrease maybe not as much but you’ve seen our margins be flat, right. So again I mean to help quantify that, we did see increases in our standard gross margins but they were offset by some of the inventory constraints that Charles has mentioned here and the price variance that you see.
Howard Hideshima: Before we basically saw a similar decrease in our server percentage of revenues but you didn’t see that 100 point decrease.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, as we said it’s been over, we’ve been looking at the second half of the year is when we are start ramping or again the ramp has been a little slower than we expected but I think the potential is there still for as Charles alluded to and by building those facilities overseas we have number of new other customers coming to us to help utilize and fill that. So it will get better for us as we get going.Dinesh Moorjani – Gleacher & Company: Great, thanks.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, I think it’s better in the system side for us obviously, it could be better alluding to the fact that Charles, we do have our own capacity that’s still not being utilized so again in that area the margins from that part of the business is still burdened by some overheard that we’re not utilizing yet, okay, but the margins with the technology transition have improved in that area.
Howard Hideshima: I think it’s fair to say that yes we started the facility investment overseas probably about nine months ago now and we’ve put the investments in, we’ve been ramping that up and quite frankly it’s not being utilized yet so do we expect to see higher utilization and therefore better productivity, better efficiency part of those facilities and obviously better margins.
Howard Hideshima: Sure I think one of the things that was a little different for this quarter again our inventories went down by about $8 million during the quarter and as you know that there are some inventory variances that come through during that period of time that I alluded to in the call. So again some of those things offset the positive margins from the standard side and brought it down back to basically flat.
Howard Hideshima: I think as I talk – mentioned it earlier there was about a 100 bits space improvement in our standard margins across the board.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Okay.
Howard Hideshima: And so again those were offset by some of the inventory variances I talked about. Now I added inventory that went down for the quarter which is a little bit unusual for us in a growth type of ramp. So again expectations are that we will be growing our revenues, growing our revenues and growing our inventories to support that growth.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: And just the last question, I know that increasing your capacity in Europe has always been a big cornerstone for you guys when you talk to investors about structurally improving your long-term gross margin, I think even this upcoming fiscal year, I think there was an expectation that that was going to help, is that because of the transportation cost right, that you were going to see gains from.
Howard Hideshima: It’s just behind with the schedule of the customer.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, it hasn’t grown as much and again Europe is off basically for the holidays again from the first month. So again that usually is indicative of how we’ve guided before and to just bring back on the guidance again we’re at 200 to 210 well that’s only down maybe a percent at a low end, we’re up 4% on the high end, so.
Howard Hideshima: Glenn, we were down a couple of 100,000 this quarter primarily because trade shows last quarter, Glenn.Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company: Sure, okay. All right, thank you.
