Charles Liang: Okay. Thank you. I mean as to what we share, I mean, we continue to gain design wins and we see lots of new product available, including DLC liquid cooling and Datacenter Building Block Solutions, we see a lot of customer engagement and also more new customer like to engage with us. So with our capacity continue to grow $26 billion to $30 billion. That's our target for the next 12 months. And as to gross margin, as what we just mentioned, our DLC liquid cooling now have been very mature. So we are able to take advantage from that and also Datacenter Building Block Solutions that provides a much better value, improve customers' Datacenter time to online and also EG customers job to build their data center. So all of those will increase our profitability gradually.
Charles Liang: Yes. We have been very consistent. I mean before we are Silicon Valley based, operations was in Silicon Valley. So we focus on enterprise, high-quality, higher performance customer only, that's before. But when we start to take production operation advantage from Taiwan, we start to grow large-scale datacenter customer. And now we have a huge capacity in Malaysia, it will be ready by later this year. So with the economic large-scale advantage, we are waiting for a large customer. So we will continue to grow with large customers. At the same time, we also continue to enhance our enterprise customer base. So recently, we also see the growth in some demand from our enterprise with our software total solution, I mean Datacenter Building Block Solutions. We start to gain more attraction for the datacenter, I mean, enterprise customers as well. So we believe long-term economic scale, the enterprise customer base and overall Taiwan and Malaysia advantage cost advantage that we have a way to grow gross margin and net profit.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, yes, we heard NVIDIA may have some delay, right? And we treat that as a normal possibility. When they introduced new technology, new product, they are always have a chance to -- there will be a push out a little bit. In this case, it pushed out a little bit. But to us, I believe we have no problem to provide the customer with a new solution like H200 liquid cooling. We have a lot of customers like that. So although we hope better deploy in the schedule, that's good for a technology company, but this push out overall impact to us. It should be not too much.
Charles Liang: Pretty much liquid cooling key components related. But now it's much ready now. I mean when we move to July, August, we have a much liquid cooling key components are available now.
Charles Liang: Basically, we support a handful customer for liquid cooling. And most of them, once they try our liquid cooling, they will continue to deploy higher percentage with liquid cooling because the cost -- the hardware acquisition cost is about the same, but they will save a lot of energy costs. So I believe this growth will be consistently growing.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you. I mean as you know liquid cooling have been in the market for 30 years and market share compared with overall datacenter size always small, less than 1% or close to 1%, I would have to say. But just June and July two months alone, we shipped more than 1,000 racks to the market. And if you calculate 1,000 racks, AI rack is about more than 15% on a global datacenter new deployment. So we are very happy. We are happy that the industry pushed from air cooled to liquid cooling and to help customer save energy costs and reduce carbon footprint. At the same time, because of the liquid cooling, DLC liquid cooling datacenters require 30% to 40% less power, that's why it's met customers' datacenter availability quicker because the customers don't have to wait for higher power budget from a powering company. So overall we see more customers like our liquid cooling solution.
Charles Liang: I believe for June and July in last next two months we may ship at least 70% to 80% or liquid cooling compared with all the liquid cooling in the world. So for liquid cooling, we have at least 70% to 80% market share.
Charles Liang: It's a very good question. I mean, last month, we have about 1,000 racks per month liquid cooling capacity. And today, we already grow another 50%. So now we have a 1,500 rack per month capacity. By this year-end, we will grow that to 3,000 rack per month. That's with liquid cooling alone. So we really believe liquid cooling is a much better choice for the market and we provide kind of consultation to customers. And most of the customer when discuss with our engineering team, they love liquid cooling. And again, we are growing customer base for liquid cooling very strongly. And we're really happy for that because minimized power consumption have been common value to the world and especially save operation costs.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you. I mean, indeed, we are relatively very conservative. I understand Blackwell may postpone how much we don't exactly know because the new technology always what can be pushed out, right? So for Q3, for sure, we do not expect any Blackwell volume. For Q4, I mean December quarter, I guess, it will be very small. Engineering sample small volume. So the real volume, I believe, had to be March quarter next year. And that's why we foresee only $26 billion to $30 billion.
Charles Liang: Yes. Again like what I just mentioned with our Taiwan capacity is getting bigger and Malaysia capacity will be ready. So we're fully ready for large scale datacenter customer, but we will be selective. So that's why we foresee only $26 billion to $30 billion. If we try to be more aggressive in a large scale, our growth can be even faster than that. But we try to grow in both ways enterprise and large scale datacenter kind of try to balance so to maintain our healthy profitability.
Charles Liang: Liquid cooling, I mean, for sure, is necessary and it's very helpful for Blackwell solution. Although Blackwell solution pushed out a little bit. But indeed we enable liquid cooling for H100 and H200 as well and a lot of customers are interested in our H100 and H200 liquid cooling now indeed. So liquid cooling to from our position we'd like to support the whole datacenter not just Backwell.
Charles Liang: Yes, I mean, indeed, the liquid cooling from our point of view it is really a good value to the whole market and our whole planet because of less energy consumption, right? So we enable liquid cooling primarily for Blackwell, right, because Blackwell higher power that's for sure. Lots of cases need liquid cooling. But we enable that for H100, H200 and regular CPU as well. Because overall liquid cooling once mature, once economical scale is good enough, it's good for all different kind of computing. And not exactly now, we are deploying, we are promoting. Lot of our customer continue to interest in our liquid cooling even enough for Blackwell.
Charles Liang: Okay. For June, it's really a unique quarter because we deploy lots of liquid cooling and we pay lots of exploration cost. So that makes our June gross margin much worse. But now, indeed, our liquid cooling technology have been getting very mature, and we have a high volume now. So that though our liquid cooling cost are now. And however we try to promote liquid cooling as a mainstream product solution. So we try not to add the value too much to customers. But, instead, we try to gain market share and make liquid cooling everywhere.
Charles Liang: Especially with our commissioned Datacenter Building Block Solutions with more software, on-site deployment, maintenance and kind of end-to-end management service. So our profit margin should grow from a Building Block Solution for Datacenter very soon.
Charles Liang: Not necessarily. I mean if we try to be very aggressively growing market share maybe if example we forecast on $30-something billion, right, so in that case, we may need more. But if we try to focus on below $30 billion then not necessary.
Charles Liang: Yes. We spent a lot of effort in last, I would like to say, two years to prepare our optimized DLC solution, including lots of new design, redesign, refining the components of the system. So finally, I mean, about May this year, right, we have our DLC solution for you ready. And we have more than a handful, high-profile customers who really like our DLC solution. That's why we're deploying the solution to them and that's why we paid lot of exploration charge, right? But now the good thing is our whole DLC solution has been very mature and ready for really high-volume production. So now for any customer want DLC, we are able to support them quickly and with a much reasonable cost now. So looking forward, I mean, DLC, I believe, will be a really popular solution for the world because it's more efficient, especially energy saving. So we are very happy that we establish DLC solution much ahead of anyone else. Again like June and July, I believe, we have at least 70% or 80% maybe even higher market share in the world for DLC. And air-cooled, again, we have been -- have a very optimized air-cooled solution. So we continue to promote air-cooled solution for sure.
Charles Liang: Yes, liquid cooling, as you know, because a very high efficient in cooling, right? So they allow CPU, GPU other components running at a lower temperature. And then in lot of case, indeed, are able to optimize customers' datacenter performance by percentage, right, a couple of percentage to even high single-digit percentage. So a lot of customers really like DLC at this moment.
Charles Liang: CPU, GPU and other components at a lower temperature that which you have the kind of the whole datacenter quality, uptime, availability time.
Charles Liang: Yes. Customers like our high density computing solution especially per rack. That's why you say 64 GPU or more GPU, right? So we are very efficiently provide the customer for whatever configuration they like. And very soon we will allow something even better for sure.
Charles Liang: We are building that capacity for that because how many customers will move to DLC, especially when Blackwell ready. So we are very optimistic for that, especially after Blackwell in high volume production. And we have many Blackwell ready optimized system and rack scale design.
David Weigand: Ruplu, it wasn't a loss. It was pushed out into the next quarter. Yes. So there was -- we really -- we were surprised by the amount of demand that we had in this market. And so we -- our manufacturing efficiency improves -- has been improving every day. And so we expect that to continue and that's going to help our gross margins going forward as we deploy liquid cooled racks at scale.
David Weigand: Yes. Thanks. I'll answer those in reverse order. We don't have any announcements in terms of purchase obligations and so we'll point you to the 10-K for that. But with respect to your first question, I would say, we prepared the market for a downturn in margins or a softening of margins in our guidance last quarter. But even we were surprised by the acceleration that we saw in the liquid cooled rack market. And so we had to ramp up our supply chain. We paid a lot of expedite costs and higher supply chain costs. So I think as the supply chain improves, we expect those efficiencies to now come back out, but that impacted us more than we had expected.
David Weigand: Well, no, I think. No, so half was targeting specific accounts like we announced last quarter. And the other half was really the higher supply costs that we encountered.
David Weigand: Yes. So we announced a $500 million credit line with a group led by the Bank of America. And so we expect we are really working on our balance sheet and leveraging our balance sheet. And we expect to some announcements to be coming in terms of additional loan possibilities in the future.
David Weigand: Well, so we, I think if you look at the guidance that we gave for Q1, we expect to be above 12% in the first quarter. And we're doing -- we'll be working very hard to move back into the range as we mentioned as soon as quickly as we can.
David Weigand: That was a net figure, Mehdi. So we actually had $20 million of interest income, but that was offset by some adjustments too, some investment adjustments which brought down lower.
David Weigand: $20 million was interest income, yes, from higher cash balances. That was offset by some investments.
David Weigand: And Mehdi, one thing I would add to that is we believe that we have an IG profile. And as such, like I mentioned earlier, we're starting to leverage our balance sheet more with targeting toward unsecured debt. And so that will help us on an inter-quarter basis.
David Weigand: Well we have other projects going on expansion here in the US, but we'll -- nothing to announce today.
David Weigand: So we consider ourselves experts in datacenter solutions. And so this is really just one more facet of being a total provider.
David Weigand: Absolutely. I mean our revenues went up -- over a $1.5 billion and that was primarily driven by liquid cooled racks.
David Weigand: Yes. But Thomas the 1,000 per month was the capacity. We're not saying that we shipped 1,000 per month. But one thing I can tell you is that the efficiency, yes.
