Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. For the entire fiscal year, we saw 11% revenue growth for the year, which means Super Micro is still one of the fastest-growing company in the IT industry. We are much better positioned with our new global SAP implementation, new global operation, and corporate tax restructure and bonded warehouse. Despite softening of our revenue and the temporary setback of our operation this quarter, our long-term growth trend remain intact, based on our even stronger product portfolio, and we are looking forward to a strong new fiscal year. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Okay. Thank you. I mean, we have a lots of new design just available like Intel Xeon Phi. We will start to ship high volume now and also like NVIDIA Pascal, we have a product fully ready to ship about this month, I mean, August. And as to Skylake, yes, we have very strong product portfolio, which is also a new architecture. And, unfortunately, it's a product for next year. We have been developing this product line for almost nine months, while daily (28:59) production it will be next year, maybe around summer timeframe.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you for the question. Basically, it's a big transition, right? Not just SAP implementation global-wide, but also a big impact from our restructure for our production, operation and also global tax, new season. And we also created a bonded warehouse, new bonded warehouse that kind of limited a lot of production decision (30:55). And I would have to say that most impact that people had to pay attention to the new system, prepare (31:03) product here and there, and that's why it slowdown our business a little bit.
Charles Liang: But as for our position, especially, we already finished, I'd rather say that at least 90% job already finished. And in next few months, we will finish everything. And hopefully, the system becomes perfect in early Q4 this year, and after that, our operations should be much more efficient thereafter.
Charles Liang: Yeah. The drop of overall storage revenue, I believe, major is about two customers. So we compete with aggressive price from our competition. And because of SAP implementation, I would have to say we are a little bit too slow to dynamically respond to the price competition. So we lost to some big peer there. And this will be (33:38) the reason I believe. However, for hyper-converged, in our software-defined storage, we'll be globally (33:48) though basically. And I believe we will continue to grow very strong in hyper-convergence in software-defined storage. Even for regular storage, I believe, we will recover to peak growth very soon.
Charles Liang: Yes. I would like to say in term of technology, in term of product portfolio, we feel much stronger than before. But yes, in term of price competition, especially dynamic price support, dynamic local support we were (35:51) in that quarter.
Charles Liang: I believe the relationship has to be further improved. Kind of when customer asking for lower price, our people did not response quickly enough. And because it's the first time we faced such a big impact, so we then (36:54) – the whole company (36:57). We – come our new system. The good thing is new SAP system now we have with us, much easier to calculate our (37:05), so we can response to customer quicker as well. And with our capacity now much bigger, right, so we are more willing to support certain product much more aggressively.
Charles Liang: Especially, like NVMe, kind of like a dual-port (39:04) NVMe, kind of a like BigTwin (39:06) our new accelerator is coming very soon. And, kind of, I just mentioned that our Super Rack Scale Design (sic) [Supermicro Rack Scale Design] (39:12) [indiscernible] (39:14) and indeed we saw customer engage very well with our new design.
Charles Liang: I guess, for that couple customer, it's purely because of our – I would like to say, a little bit too relax. Sorry to say that, but we should response more aggressively and more dynamically, in term of what customer really need. But to answer your question of application-optimized, yes, we, indeed we've become much stronger than before even, like our NVMe, now the strongest product line in the world, that our (41:13) between the (41:16) design. All kind of, we show customer the advantage from Super Micro. And also I mentioned about our IoT product line, which we grew about 30% last year. This exactly a better margin, a better profit margin product line. And we started to invest aggressively about three years ago, and last year – first year we see a such a strong growth. And we believe in the next coming many years, we will continue to invest more on IoT embedded.
Charles Liang: But I guess start from December quarter, right? Start from October, for example, as our SAP global re-org become much more stable, become more ready. Our iteration (43:26) will grow and our volume per share will grow.
Charles Liang: Still, I mean, that our big data center customer, we try to be more cautious this time, because from last quarter, we experienced the first time bigger impact, we tried to be more conservative.
Charles Liang: I guess it is a combination, plus, now, we have a much stronger manufacture capacity in offshore. So once we are able to leverage that need for CET (45:01) in offshore, then we will know our overall operation and manufacture cost.
Charles Liang: I believe that once our global operations system really stabilize, we will become a bit aggressive in that area.
Charles Liang: Yeah. IoT will be a very strong territory for us. Again, with our application-optimized as building blocks vision (47:38), we are in a very good position to grow in IoT embedded market. And last year, again, first time we separated product line.
Charles Liang: I guess a combination of price and also our response to customer demand. So we have really learned a big lesson how to work with customer closer to response customer demand quicker. So that area, for sure, we very aggressively done and I believe we are ready for that. As to the cost price competition, and that's another reason why we restructured our global operation and production facility. And pretty much, we already are, I would like to say 90% finish. So within next few months, we will have a much stronger operation manufacturer facility and cost structure in Asia. So then we will support our growth in large datacenter business.
Charles Liang: Yeah. We see some change. I mean, it looks like the market is kind of – nothing is stable, right? So Q3, maybe, the cost will be a little bit higher, but how much we are higher and what would be the trend, we still pay a close watch. And we try to – we are prepared, I believe, as the market is changing.
Charles Liang: Yeah, I mean we still are very – we'll try to be very aggressive to grow our revenue, and that's by end of 2017, we still try to (52:15) revenue, and then we'll have the scale, we will have our cost. And also by a transition production, expanding to Asia now we have our cost (52:28) as well.
Charles Liang: Yes, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Sure. On the units side of it, for servers, Mehdi, it was 84,000 units for server units shipped during the quarter. The ASPs were about $4,100. On the units for our subsystem and accessories that was about 1,164,000 and quite frankly, I didn't divide out the numbers there with regards to that. It's a mix of number of different things that's really hard to gauge with the ASP there. So we've never given that out.
Howard Hideshima: So I think – as you look at my utilization numbers this past quarter, we had gone to about 70% last year about the same quarter in the fourth quarter. And that's moving down to about 50%. This past quarter, you saw about 30 basis points of movement there. So as you go forward, Aaron, as we increase our efficiencies and what have you, you can see that type of impact to our margins with regard to as we increase our utilization and improve our utilization. So I'd frame it in that way going forward. Anywhere from 30 basis points to 50 basis points, I think, you see them wide spreads on the – in my commentary on utilization.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Rich, this is Howard. With regards to that, we've always said that the cloud Internet datacenter has been more project-based, as we're bringing up datacenters from quarter to quarter, or what have you, so it is project based per se. And some of that accounts for some of the – what range that we put on this quarter. We do have some projects that are either going to be this quarter or next quarter, and we're still waiting to see if – when those are going to occur. But it is project based.
Howard Hideshima: I think – Brian, this is Howard. With regards to that, again, given that we have some excess capacity or additional capacity right now, it allows us to kind of balance out some of those. We may give up a bit on pricing, but we will fill up the plant and reduce the overhead burden that we have by filling it up.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, with regards to our products, I think, Charles has said already. We still believe we provide the best solutions and best values out there, bar none, from any of our competitors out there.
Howard Hideshima: Well, I think we haven't given gross margin guidance out there. Certainly, we have – we're doing our best to maintain gross margins, but as Charles mentioned, we're going to be looking at our pricing and our flexibility there as well, to grow our market share, as we always have.
Howard Hideshima: Mehdi, this is Howard. With regards to the ASPs, again it's a combination of all of our business. 18% of our business to the (46:34) was Internet datacenter part of it, and you know, there is still another 80%, 82% that's other business areas. So again, it's a combination of all. With regards to that, the last couple of quarters from 26% to 18% (46:49), again we haven't lost any customers, we're still competitive, it's just projects.
