Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. Our first quarter results was a good beginning to start this fiscal year. We see lots of room in the market for true application optimized server solutions and we will continue to be focused and aggressive in pursuing this opportunity. We're proud of the brand that Super Micro has developed as a server technology leader with our leading architectural designs for systems and blades. And we're confident that our focus on application optimized solutions will keep us on a strong growth trend. I will now turn the call back to Perry.
Charles Liang: Okay. Indeed because (inaudible) not much investments from cash point of view or money point of view. However that will dramatically improve our time-to-market you know over a product from (inaudible) to European market and time to market will improve. Second also very important is reduce shipping charge. Before we build most of the server here, completed the server here in (inaudible) and after that we shipped to customers in Europe by air, so that could courier (inaudible) so indeed stuff next month, about next week, next week we will start (inaudible) so that will reduce our shipping costs. And with those extensions for sure, we already improved our FAE, field application help in Europe, as well as growing our sales team significantly, so we see good growth in Europe in coming quarters and years.
Charles Liang: Because we will save persistent shipping by air almost $80 barrels, so $80 saving by air, and for sure that includes the (inaudible) maybe slightly higher (inaudible) we can still save lots of money.
Charles Liang: Indeed the 2U Twin2 as you know new product to us since the last two quarters ago and product volume has continued to grow and we believed 2U Twin2 because it is much better performance per watt and performance per dollar even so demand indeed we see continuous growth. Other than that, you know, our GPU, GPU is another architecture, brand new architecture we just created about six weeks ago – indeed no more than that, abut four or five months ago, so now the (inaudible) are growing very strongly. So, all those providers pay their margins in kind of greater room to grow in volume this year.Doug Reid – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thank you.
Charles Liang: Basically I believe both are important. The economy overall is continuously recovering although slowly but kind of consistently. However, that area the factor that (inaudible) by our sales is the technology, so we introduced 2U Twin2 two quarters ago, GPU about five months ago, and then we will have taken TwinBlade in production very soon together with Nehalem new announced AMD six core, PCI Express II (inaudible) and that is why we believe December quarter should be a strong quarter.
Charles Liang: Again in always has been done in the December quarter basically we have a good feeling they come back especially the European integration facility with next week. We already have some pipeline production in the last few weeks look like average being going on smoothly, so traditionally in Europe helping us to grow.
Charles Liang: We continue to gain more market share in high-end – higher end market, that is the kind of 2U Twin2 kind of like GPU indeed pretty much high end high value system, so we could gain more margin from those product lines.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we are looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: I think you will historically see us maintain pretty consistent days. We will have spike ups during times of product transition. But we will try to keep it in the historical limits.
Howard Hideshima: Sure. You will seeing our DSOs or inventory this quarter was 71 days, previous quarter was about 77 days, prior to that was about 85, about a year ago was about 74.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, I believe so. Again, we are seeing improved linearity in our quarters and so again the inability to maintain our DSOs over the span of 30 days.
Howard Hideshima: Typically, if you look back seasonally, you will see that Decembers are fairly strong quarters for the company barring the economic upheaval we just went through. If you go back farther back you will see that December is usually a stronger quarter for the industry and for ourselves.
Howard Hideshima: I think as Charles alluded to, we will see some hopefully some positive impact as we expand our European logistics to better service clients and customers over there. Additionally because that again you know we're keeping a tight eye on our expenses overall to make sure that we are making the right investments for the future while still balance our expenses currently.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, I think that's a fair assumption, Glenn. So you saw this past quarter we gave the sales and marketing expenses did go up sequentially, so again we are investing in our sales and marketing people as well as the overseas expansion to improve our revenue growth.
Howard Hideshima: We haven't given the gross margin guidance but again like you say generally if you leverage it we are able to leverage the revenue growth that we have here, then usually you will have some leverage in the gross margin.
Howard Hideshima: I think we are still at as I indicated before there are long term operating models are probably one to three years out, so if you extend our growth on there, I think during the past five years prior to the economic upheaval, we were growing at about 34%, 32% cliff on a CAGR basis, and so again as we extend out one to three years, get out of this economic recession that we have been in, and as Charles mentioned, get back on more the trajectory were on previously.Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, thank you guys.
Howard Hideshima: Sub systems and accessories are sitting at about 655,000.Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, thank you very much.
