Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. As we entered the first quarter of our fiscal year, we’re confident that we have a strong quarter to complete the best year in our history. With our strong product line in storage, CPU, and server we’re well positioned to take advantage over the current IT market trends. In addition, we’re growing in all our geography market and especially in Asia. And finally we’re well prepared for upcoming technology change with innovation that will generate a new demand for Super Micro product.  Operator, at this time we’re ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Okay, I mean, yes, (inaudible) CPU around today, although that did almost one month. So there is a shift based on the (inaudible). And as for Japan earthquake, yes, we have some component regarding that impact. However, we have (inaudible) resource and also preparing more safety inventory. So pretty much we had no concerns about Japan earthquake anymore but we say that we for sure have a higher inventory that’s trying make sure to no other impact.
Charles Liang: Okay. Like, in last couple of quarters, we share with you our Taiwan investment, right, in facility, in R&D, logistic. That for sure we have created some expense for us in short-term. And however, since improving quarter-after-quarter and now the Asia business have been growing, but in the economies of scale in Asia is very small relatively. So I believe we may need another two to three quarter to get a better economies of scale for Asia.
Charles Liang: You are very familiar with these markets. Yes, I mean, there is a tremendous shortage from that Japan earthquake. We are keeping more memory, more hard drive and also more capacitor unless basically a high voltage capacitor to make sure we won’t have a shortage in Q2, I mean June quarter and even in September quarter.Mark Kelleher – Dougherty & Company:  Okay, great. Thanks. 
Charles Liang: Not much, but again to prevent shortage may happen right. So, we keep a higher inventory level and therefore sure we pay a little higher, again not too much higher.
Charles Liang: I believe our economical scale, still relatively are smaller than our main competitor and that’s why we have been consistently growing our share. And last year, we grew 43%, this year which we foresee a good year in much share growth as well, including our investment in Asia, not only try to grow our market share. So that long-term we would be stronger in purchase and buying power.  
Charles Liang: No. Indeed the major reason our ASP dropped because some key (inaudible) and we believe we will be purchasing in June quarter again. So March quarter somehow, yes, have a minimal order. Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company:  Okay. Thanks.
Charles Liang: Yeah, I mean, our Intel Sandy Bridge by virtue is a big product line and whenever there are big product launch from our partner Nexenta, we have good chance for Super Micro to grow, because we’re now in new product trend to market. So, basically Sandy Bridge would be in production by Q4, I mean December quarter, but we’re kind of aggressively preparing for a product. So, basically maybe what I’ll say June is our traditional strong quarter and then second half of this year with Sandy Bridge launch for sure will be a good quarter for us.
Charles Liang: We have a very broad customer base for storage product. So basically the acquisition activity a couple – a few company in last two quarters, basically I would say no impact to us.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we’re looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Rajesh, we stated our long-term goals to be about 50-50 and will be working our way through there. But again as June is a seasonally strong quarter for us. So again last quarter it was a weak quarter, some of the projects that we usually have full service solutions into were not there, they are coming back this quarter.
Howard Hideshima: I believe, again, June quarter should be stronger to us, that’s tradition, all right. However, because of the earthquake in Japan, we still try to be conservative in case any shortage may happen. Otherwise, June quarter should be stronger than March quarter to us for sure.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, they’re both, Netherlands and Taiwan facility still under economies of scale and that’s why our Q1, we got some impact and the good thing is those utilization will consistently improve quarter-over-quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Taiwan, it is – also need to be more patient because our investment in Taiwan is very huge and long-term. I would rather say (inaudible) will be completed by December quarter and then next year we would see a better economies of scale for sure.
Howard Hideshima: I believe we will be consistently growing (inaudible).Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company:  I’m sorry. I just – I didn’t understand.
Howard Hideshima: Again, two areas. One is we spend a lot of AFO and resource in developing Sandy Bridge for the big launch that will happen in Q4. And secondly, our growing expense in Asia to make sure our foundation in Asia is strong enough.Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company:  Okay, thank you.
