Charles Liang: Thank you Howard. In summary chip micro ahead spent that’s the many quarters prepare you for the upcoming servers cycle. Based on the Cindy bridge. Our investment in R&D new system architecture there are things sought that we are poor our global production and logistics facility positioned us for our next strong line b’day cycle. We had achievable micro from that beginning to foot to market to Maki advantage of technology transitions. Our engineering team has produced the strongest and above the to put online than in a competition. Later in the year 20trails where the year of technology transition to Sandy bridge and Supermicro is ready for challenge and opportunity. Operator at this time we ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Indeed, R&D aggravated in last many quarters. We had grown engineering resource and that for sure have some impact to our financial reports. However, most products have been finished developing. So now we yet start to (inaudible) and our profitability. So R&D basically has much growth in terms of head count and investment now.Mark Kelleher – Dougherty & Company: Okay. Great, thanks.
Charles Liang: Looks like the complete the system we are continuing to grow. Again, at Sandy Bridge, we like that system because average being pushed to maximum based on the performance per watt and that’s why companies previously is very beneficial to customer. So next to your customer, when they receive, it’s already optimized reliable system that we have.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Right now, If you take the midpoint of the guidance, I think you’ll see like, as I mentioned, we probably have about 23% increase in revenue sequentially.
Charles Liang: Especially now, we have a much stronger (inaudible) supply contracts and also memory support, the major support from original manufacturer.
Charles Liang: Kind of before we – we now have four more constraints between in – March, early March, finally we have a strong, much stronger partnership that’s what’s why we signed a contract, so I was surprised to be much more stable, and hopefully also stronger support.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Basically, in the meanwhile, because of the hard drive shortage in Asia and in Europe, that is also very soon.
Charles Liang: Yeah, HPC for sure is an area we focus on a lot. Especially our management software is getting available, just staying, we just start to charge a couple of customer with a colorful array of products. So with a completed solution, not just how do we have it now, some management software and computer rack solution. And our switch, out of mine also spiral high in production so all growth is where our HPC market.
Charles Liang: Yeah, if I think that third statement, Alex, again the Thailand facility we talked about the leverage we’re going to get out of that facility as we fill that one up coming into the end of the year and then further expanding that as the demand grows for us and as Charles mentioned, were ramp to beginning of this new technology refresh cycle with Sandy Bridge and we tried very good things there. All right, sorry, Sandy Bridge. So if I look back at the ASPs, Howard, on the component side this quarter it took a pretty big dip sequentially from 104 to like 100 or so if my math is right.
Charles Liang: Yeah, for hard drive. Now we have a much more higher and also our boarding we are continuing to grow beginning. All knows we are a mega policy positive from a hard driver point of view.
Charles Liang: Okay. With regards to the tax rate, let’s take that first because it’s little more unpredictable. I guess again, the R&D credit that it did expire in December, and historically they do they have historically re-initiated the R&D credit this year, I am losing a voting year you want to call that election year. So again lot more decreased visibility with regards to what’s going to happen. However, it does happen again there is a catch up in that quarter for the passage of the R&D credit. So we got it this present quarter, the June quarter here for 30% non-GAAP tax rate. And I think if you look back, we have been guiding around 30%, 31% over the past year.
Charles Liang: I think we’re going to continue invest although not at that rate that Charles mentioned already not at the rates because we’ve just gone through the launch of the Sandy Bridge Park prepared many of our parks for relief, and so we’re not going to go at the same rate that we had previously.
Charles Liang: Yeah, thank you for joining us today, and we’re looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone, have a great day.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Let me ask you different way maybe. When we look at the last five years, I thing you’ve grown that sequentially about 15%. However, last year you grew that business sequentially in the fiscal fourth quarter about 40%. I’m just still trying to gauge underneath of that and giving the implications for the gross margin. Are we to assume 40% plus sequential growth, or something more normal seasonality. I would assume with the wrong way cycling, you’re assuming something that’s much higher than typical seasonality.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: And then, the server mix, it’s trouble eluded to. Again we’re hoping that that’s going to increase, as we go long. Obviously, Sandy Bridge is a tougher product to implement. And so, this is allowing our engineers really to show, and the integrated solution is the best thing for the customers from a quality perspective.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Final thing from me would be is on the Internet data center vertical. I think, last time it was just high, I think, there was a somewhat of a large customers within that, that drove that business. How are we thinking about the visibility and that now 16% of revenue and what looks to be somewhat lumpy over the last couple of quarters due slightly the percentage of our datacenter and COU applications we’re continuing as we grow because, again I will put those solution compete or a rack we see even than it has been very attractive to those customer now. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, thanks guys. One point of clarification, you guys have made a comment about hard disk drives having some negative impact on the gross margin. Would you be willing to talk about what the headwind it was, as far as that gross margin related to hard disk drives and do you expect that the lift as, you’ve got an (audio gap) availability becomes more adequate as we progress through the year.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, that helped me a little bit. And then also, how are we modeling OpEx on a total basis going forward and then also how we modeling beyond the June quarter tax rate and then I’ll stop.
Howard Hideshima: I think so. And basically, we have our long-term model out there. We believe it’s achievable, that shows the 19 to 22 gross margin in the next year. So again, as we get into the cycle, as we fully utilize the Taiwan facility in the second half of this year, we see the ramp of the wrongly products or Sandy Bridge products. Those are all beneficial to us.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, Glenn. This is Howard. Like I said, one-year target is what we’ve set out there. We’re holding to that basically from now. With regards to the levers to pull I think we are in, as Charles mentioned earlier, we’re in much better position with a variety of different products, technologies, operation perspectives to go off and really get to that operating model that we’ve discussed before or with the next year. And I think after this cycle again, we’re very well positioned and keep on doing the formula that we had here about pulling out the best products, application optimized and then fine tuning our operating model.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah again selling more complete systems we had to – we did have some shortages with regards to our HDD so we try to push those and work toward our full service systems that with bare bones, so sell more fully populated system and that leads to higher ASP.
Howard Hideshima: That’s correct. I mean, if you think back on the December quarter, we still had some inventory that we’re required at a lower cost right per hard disk drive. And as I stated in the December call, majority of our margin increase was due to a selling – basically gaining a high margin on those hard disk drives we already had an inventory. By the time December rolled around, we add up all that inventory coming into this quarter, we didn’t have that type of inventory and so we didn’t have that margin benefit from – our low-cost inventory.
Howard Hideshima: We are on the past increase, but more remember in December quarter, I had inventory that I required low cost before the flood happened (audio gap) and the prices increases happened, we had lower cost hard disk drives already in our inventory, right. But as I is sold those – I got higher margins on that during the December quarter. And you can look into the March quarter, I didn’t have that low-cost inventory to help my margins out this quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Again, it was a majority so we had about – I think it was about hundred point basis move in the December quarter. I stated then that it was majority of that move in the December quarter. And so we didn’t have hardly at any of that this quarter.
