Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. With the 19.6% revenue growth year-over-year, we are off to a strong start for fiscal 2016. We remain as the fastest-growing major company in the IT industry, growing over 20% annually, versus the flat or low single-digit in the rest of our industry. Our long-term growth strategy remains intact. With our robust products and service, we are well positioned in the key growth geo and markets, and we will move ahead with our strategy for greater success this year. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Indeed, our growth in Japan and Korea is getting very strong. And also, we plan to support Europe from Asia directly, for key account (25:59). So the Taiwan facility the capacity should be continued if the (26:04) continue to improve.
Charles Liang: I guess it's a combination, but it's also a seasonal impact. So we are improving our investment in China, especially sales and our service team, and similar to Korea and Japan.
Charles Liang: Let me add a little bit. Basically we see some push-out in October, this month. Indeed, we already see some increase on October. So (30:24) some push-out from September. And also, it's a transition, that kind of (30:33) our transition a little bit. Not much, but in that last three months we already fixed most of our challenge. So now, I mean, in terms of (30:42) response to customer demand is get back to a normal, and I believe looking forward, we will continue to improve, because people are now much familiar with the new system now.
Charles Liang: Yes. Basically, we saw some push out from September, and we see some increase on October. Yes, that's right.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Also, another factor is (35:31) I mean as you people may know, India have by a – well, we're coming early next year. And we (35:40) strong Storage product line about last month. So all of those will help us grow our profitability and revenue for December quarter and the next coming years. Kind of like our (35:59), our 1U 4-GPU, and 2U NVMe. So that – we're (36:09).
Charles Liang: Yeah, kind of a portion affected by China, but also more customer like to buy our completed solution.
Charles Liang: We saw a strong move in Storage solution. And when people buy our Storage Solution, a big portion of them move our completed solution. And Storage system usually have a higher ASP than services. That's another factor.
Charles Liang: Yeah. But we started to see a new generation (39:12) Storage growing very strongly with our customer base. And that's why we have a big (39:17) product line. Again, this is (39:19-39:24) including converged hybrid solution – hyperconverged and some other solutions, anyway (39:32)
Charles Liang: We have been a very aggressive, and have a strong product for new generation software-defined storage. And we have a strong product line. Again, we just start to launch last month for a 90-bay 4U and 4U 60-bay and 2U 48-bay. So all of those will grow the value. So at the least, the net profit will grow. And as to the gross margin, I believe we'll be slightly improving as well.
Charles Liang: (41:53) Our people already done here (41:55). So now we are able to train our people in Asia and Europe much more efficiently. So I believe the deployment in Asia and Europe should be much more smooth.
Charles Liang: Both. The old customers continued to grow, basically, and at the same time, we also gained more new customer. Again, I'll state here to make sure (43:50) Super Micro is actually the best of the storage server hardware company, so we are always welcome to work with old partner and new partner.
Charles Liang: Two reasons. One is we are expanding our new facility aggressively. So we had to hire people to train people, especially with quality system conversion (45:21). At the same time, we are also growing stronger in System Solution. So we hire more software engineer, system engineer. And all those, from the day you hire to the day they contribute takes some quarters. So that's kind of good investment, but yes, for short-term, it shows some burden.
Charles Liang: I guess a few factors. Number one, still, products. I mean that's why I mentioned since last month, we introduced some very advanced product and continue in next few months. Almost every month we have a new product available. And then Q1 (47:03) we have (47:05) available. That's the product side. And other than that, we are also growing very aggressively in the East Coast. As you may know, we just have an East Coast office open two weeks ago in New Jersey. And also, we are growing very aggressively in Midwest including Chicago area. And so is Europe. So we did also investment in territory, in product, and those for sure will be very positive to our business in the near future.
Charles Liang: For Storage, as we just shared, year-over-year we grew about 60%. So I believe form the next 12 quarters, next 12 months, our storage will continue to have a very growth. If another 50%, 60% or up, that won't surprise me. So that's with Storage.
Charles Liang: HPC, I believe, we have gradually smooth growth. Not as fast as Storage, but we are continuing to grow.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Well Mehdi, I think, like I said, a lot of the factors we talked about with regard to moving our gross margins higher, and our operating margins higher, is leveraging the growth in our revenues. So again, you see progression as we leverage on those revenues going forward. We have put out targets previously, and we're still – we have not changed those targets for our gross margins at being at 16% to 18%, and our operating margins at 7% to 9% within the next two years.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, that's basically true. So, we support China from Taiwan. That's much better than before. We support China from U.S.A., I mean two years ago. So now we support from Taiwan, and this is much better than that. And at the same time, our growth in Japan and Korea had been kind of in very good shape.
Howard Hideshima: Mehdi, just to add that we have additional lines there in Taiwan that we can always bring up facilities currently capable of holding additional lines there. We only have three lines up.
Howard Hideshima: We see overall a local company was becoming the more aggressive recently. But still with a stronger product line, we have good confidence, continue to gain market share in China.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, Aaron, I think we still have good partnerships in China. We still see that area to be a good growth area for us per se. So again, some of this is baked into it. As Charles also alluded to with regard to the rest of Asia, it has some very good potential out there in Japan and in Korea and other places, so there are great areas for us to continue to grow out there in the Asia area.
Howard Hideshima: I think we tempered our guidance given some of the seasonality and things that happened last quarter per se. And then obviously, we feel, like I said, a little more better with the strong seasonality that happens this quarter.
Howard Hideshima: I guess the margin concern, this quarter should be slightly stronger than last quarter, part of the reason because last quarter we faced some components price drop especially DRAM. That happened in last quarter, and this quarter we feel it should be at least slightly better.
Howard Hideshima: And quite frankly, I've told folks basically that we don't know to handicap when the R&D tax credit – that R&D tax credit might be back, like I said. But if it happens this quarter, it could be up to about 7% change in our tax rate if it gets passed like it last year. But again we haven't built that in, and quite frankly I can't – I haven't built that into – going forward.
Howard Hideshima: I think it is seasonal, Alex. It's still seasonal. We've still seen that over the years. Obviously, we had some projects and good products coming out there that will help us. In the past, it helped us go beyond what the seasonality had done.
Howard Hideshima: We haven't broken it out specifically. It's still the majority of the revenues. We have not broken it out separately, though.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, 22% is about the total percentage of revenues. Believe it was about 15% on the – let me get back to you on that, Brian. Just a second. Let me hold that for a second. We do see the growth in the areas, both in our traditional and in our next-gen Storage, going very well.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. We just completed our U.S. SAP rollout in July, in the first week of July. And so we're now following that up with our Asia and European.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, I think, Rich, we have told you folks that I think the mid-80s before cash conversion cycle days is still what we're holding to and targeting for ourselves is what we talked about.
Howard Hideshima: In the inventory area – I'm sorry. And in the cash conservation cycle days, you've seen us in about the mid-70s or so. And it's propping up a bit, but again, if you look at some of the seasonality, always keeps trying to smooth itself up. In the AR side of it, as we penetrate more enterprise and lock some of these global 1,000 customers, I have talked to you guys about our DSOs on AR possibly (43:19) increasing there. So again, we'll see some uptick there. And then hopefully, we'll be managing our payables and our inventory a bit better to bring it down.
Howard Hideshima: Yes. For the September quarter, Mehdi, again roughly about $44 million of $113 million was next-gen, and about $69 million was traditional Storage.
Howard Hideshima: I think we went through our annual salary increase. So if you start it off as the baseline there, you take off some of the unusual expense, let's say for the investigation that we added into the marketing expense. So you take that off per se there, and then pare out some of the foreign exchange gain. I think you'll get to a baseline where we start at about $47 million this quarter. I think when you start down at the baseline, look from there going up a little bit, I think that's a fair baseline.
Howard Hideshima: HPC roughly was about – this quarter, year-over-year was actually down a bit sequentially, about 11%.
