Charles Liang: Yeah, thank you for your question. Yes, as AI has been our major focus is since a few years ago, and we work with AI chip company kind of very closely. And we could develop lots of our platform, including our MTX [ph]. Now coming MTX, as you know, to support a C2and CG1. So our AI solution with rack scale scale, or cloud scale, customer scale solutions that make our customers deploy even much easier. And full rehab, they also solution for energy cost as they've been for time to online. So I believe our AI product line will continuing to grow in the near future maybe continue to be more than 50% of our revenue.
Charles Liang: We continue to get lots of new customer or partner continue to like our solution. And we continue to gain new customer with our rack scale, cloud scale, total solution, including [Indiscernible]. So we see a very strong demand and growing very fast order. So $10 billion should be kind of a short term target this year. 
Charles Liang: Yeah, indeed, our engineering team is strong and dedicated. Everyone can design systems, our system simply better than others, not just better in quality, performance, but also earlier time to market. And together with service, software, system management. So it's a total solution and service. So we feel pretty confident that we will continue to gain market share.
Charles Liang: Indeed, our pipeline I believe is very strong. And that is momentum, its ability is very clear. So we are very confident especially with another chemical customer too.
Charles Liang: Yeah, it's a complicated question. We have a very good product many product line for delta max for redstone max for grace for [indiscernible] and other solutions including error 40s. So the solution is really strong and supply chain we work with our vendor very closely every day. And so hopefully that situation will be consistently improve, but it's not 100% control of our sale. So although we have a good partnership but it's 100% controlled by our sales. So all though we have a good partnership, which vendor, which customer. So we work together very closely, And the situation will be continue to improve I believe
Charles Liang: Yeah, and see the other side? I mean, the tech order had been continued growing strongly. Every month I see older growth.
Charles Liang: Yeah, thank you. Very good question. Again, we continue to gain generative AI innovator, and we have a very good partnership. We partnership with some small OEM. And for sure, they need 10 times 20 time more system. And we just cannot ship at this moment, because of supply chain.  And at the same time, we also continue to engage with large CSP, in large data centers. So we continue to gain more customer from I read who say, all given political. So yes, hard to work out which supply chain, three party regime, our supplier, our customer in our sales. And that's have been our major focus now. Although we continue to improve our total datacenter solution included in DRC, direct liquid cooling and liquid immersive solution. So I mean, we are on the right track, yes expecting supply chain can improve so that we can grow our revenue.
Charles Liang: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, we continue to prove to our customer and our vendor, say, hey, we have a business solution. So okay with us, that's where we went wherever you went.
Charles Liang: Yeah, I can. We have a very good product. And we have a very good partner customer. And we, we pushed our vendor. And we know our vendor doing their best to support us at the same time as well. So we just have to continue to work together.
Charles Liang: Yeah, now AI server storage, IoT telco, we keep involve and a bit blend. Understand that industry has been declining, we are not declining, above Fed. And we try to grow as well. And that's why we are growing in many directions kind of manufacturing, kind of like Taiwan and Malaysia. And we may have another North America campus. So that's all to increase our capacity, so that we can grow traditional data center business as well, instead of omni focus on that, growing AI. 
Charles Liang: Not exactly impacted, but not exactly. Indeed, as traditional server, traditional datacenter business, and a bit bland from the demand side. So we face into similar experience as well, but not declining to ---
Charles Liang: Yeah, in retail solutions, [Indiscernible] and people are really waiting for NVIDIA more supply. And other solution from Intel, from AMD, because our box [ph] solution we have a solution ready for show up again. So that's the advantage we have. So we just waiting for their solution to be available in production.
Charles Liang: This is very new questions. So we have a very good DLC, direct liquid cooling solution ready to go now. And it's all depends on customer demand. And at the same time, the big emotions solution also getting ready. So we have all three solution and depends on customer's demand. At this moment, for sure [indiscernible] still a majority, as you know.
Charles Liang: We believe their capacity are growing. And that's why we talk to them every day asking for more. So hopefully we can gather more support from them. And hopefully their capacity that grows mostly quickly. So that's all I can say now. Okay.
Charles Liang: Yeah, basically we have a strong order backorder. And we still have not full capacity. We are waiting for more AI chip. That's our situation. 
Charles Liang: Yeah, basically in NVIDIA we have a more capacity for sure. And we're really happy to wait over there. And besides other than the alternates our residental mix next is a company that is already in our CG-1 solution is pretty much ready as well. So we believe we can ship much more and not less situation. So in next four quarter I believe will continue to grow quarter after quarter.
David Weigand: Sure, Ananda, this is David. So we're targeting to hold our margins. And that's all the guidance that will give right now. 
David Weigand: Yeah, John. We see the business generating good cash flows, as it has historically. And we think that the --- especially in this constrained supply market, where we could deliver more if we had more supply. But we're so really, the constrained supply ends up moderating the working capital. And so we grew our business last quarter quite a bit and grew our ARR. So that utilized a lot of working capital, but we have no concerns about working capital.
David Weigand: Sure, we have Malaysia, which is expected to come online in around 12 to 15 months. And that's going to --- that will eventually double our capacity. And we also have additional capacity coming online in our building 23, here in our Social Valley campus. And we've also added, as Charles mentioned, another site in in San Jose, with intentions to add another site in the Americas.
David Weigand: We don't have --- we're not going to go into offer a market share for the June quarter. You can make some assumptions by looking at the results of others. But, we have we sell different GPUs as Charles mentioned. So, there is a direct correlation. 
David Weigand: We're not going to announce quarter-by-quarter our guidance. But we're expecting this to be a robust year and has tempered by the natural supply constraints because of the popularity of these new platforms,
