Charles Liang: Thank you Howard. We believe that the second quarter is shaping up to be a strong quarter of growth. We are well positioned with our innovative products (inaudible) to pursue this growing market community. We are also well positioned with our regional system integration operation to boost our presence in different geographies. We will stay focused on our strategy of growth balanced with investment and profitability. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Thank you for the question. Last quarter, September quarter we continue to have some component shortage, although the shortage overall has been improved. On memory side, memory team, (inaudible) so indeed we saw a drop in price for memory and that’s why (inaudible) have been growing last quarter, but still we grow only 50 points. But looking forward, in the coming quarters, situation should be better.
Charles Liang: In September quarter we experienced memory team price drop and we have some inventory. That’s why we saw (inaudible).
Charles Liang: Overall component shortage have been improving especially memory. Now a little bit of oversupply, so as you may know, main memory price dropped a lot. I’d rather say more than 20 percent in last two months. So other than (inaudible) components we still experience some shortage although that situation has been improving. And (inaudible) situation will be much better condition after December or January I believe.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean we see our 2U Twin Square especially with GPU (inaudible) have been growing very well and that’s particularly for in the (OREO and gas) and kind of some scientific calculation, some simulation and storage. Storage is another area we saw very good growth in last quarter.
Charles Liang: Our product for CPU in Europe and Asia will be continuing improving and we are growing capacity on both side, so that will continue to improve for next quarters I believe and as to the impact ...
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we do look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day. 
Noah Huth: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I’m speaking on behalf of Rajesh Ghai today. My question relates to gross margin. Last quarter you had margins of about 15.5 percent and you stated in there that there was some component shortages which led to system sales coming in below your expectation and you said that had a negative effect of about 100 basis points on your gross margin. Now system sales have returned to much higher levels and we’ve only seen about a 50 basis point increase in gross margin. Is there anything else that’s been affecting that because I noticed in Q2 of 2009 with a similar product breakout, you reached 16.7 percent in gross margins.
Noah Huth: Okay. I guess what I what I’m saying is that we’ve seen a significant increase here in your system sales, but there hasn’t been that sort of corresponding increase in gross margin.
Noah Huth: Okay. And then also relating to system sales, how much of the demand in the September quarter, how much of that was sort of overflow from the previous quarter and how much of that was new demand.
Howard Hidashima: A portion of that was some overflow from previous as Charles mentioned. We did have some component shortages. That did help a little bit, but again, as you mentioned, it has improved for us this quarter with regards to shortages, short components. So again, it wasn’t a huge dollar amount. Let’s put it that way.
Howard Hidashima: Yes, Glenn, we had some investments in our overseas operation. If you take a look last year, probably a lot of the decrease in our gross margin comparatively speaking to last year you could point toward investments that we’re making in the BD and Asia facilities. I think you’ll see probably about a .4 to .5 percent change.
Howard Hidashima: I think you’ll see, as Charles mentioned some componentry shortages, the shortages with regard to componentry, things improving. That’s obviously high on the list. Utilizing our production capabilities overseas that I mentioned has two benefits for us. Not only do we get to generate revenues from the investments we’ve already made there, but also as I mentioned, our shipping expenses were fairly high this quarter due to the peak season rates. So we do see that hopefully improving for us this quarter and going beyond. I think if I was going to rank, those would be the three I would rank on the plus side.
Howard Hidashima: Yes, I think if you take a look you can flip around some of the overseas expansion that we’re doing, if the revenue or capacity isn’t taken up as we expect that could be you know, potentially neutral as compared to this quarter or potentially less of a gain. Let’s put it that way.
Howard Hidashima: Yes, freight in is not – again, there are some things that we can pass on a portion of it. We found that in the September quarter there was a peak season and some additional charges seasonally was higher than normal, so we are able to pass it all 100 percent.
