Howard Hideshima: Thank you, Charles and good afternoon everyone. I will focus my remarks on earnings, gross margins, operating expenses and similar items on a non-GAAP basis which reflect adjustments to exclude stock compensation expenses. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is included in the financial statement of the company in today’s earnings release and in the supplemental details in the slide presentation and prepared remarks accompanying this conference call. Let me begin with the review of the fourth quarter income statement. We end fiscal year 2017 with a record $717.9 million in revenues for the fourth quarter and executing on a number of strategic investments which put us in a very strong position as this technology refresh cycle begins. The investments across a number of markets vertical and geographies around the world have expanded our business opportunities with the host of new and existing customer especially in large enterprise. The increase in revenue from 36.9% from last year was wide spread across our market vertical such as enterprise, storage, IoT and accelerated computing this was offset in part by a decline in IDC. On a geographical basis we had strong growth in Asia, Europe and the U.S. The 13.7% sequential increase in revenue was primarily driven by strength in Asia in particular China once up 35% as we leveraged our growing partnerships. Non-GAAP gross margin was 13.5% down, 60 basis points from 14.1% a year ago and down 50 basis points from 14% sequentially. The decrease from prior year and sequentially was primarily due to cost increases in memory and SSD. Higher sales in Asia, which is typically more competitive and sales of later-stage life cycle products also affected margins. Offsetting these work, operational efficiencies which we have made over the past few years through capacity utilization, economics of scale, more complete solution sales with higher content of software and services. Non-GAAP operating margin was 4.5% up 1.4% from 3.1% a year ago and 20 basis points from 4.3% sequentially. The increase from prior year and sequentially were primarily due to growing revenue at a faster pace than our operating expenses. This year, we plan to tighten our headcount and expense control with the goal of continuing to leverage the investments we have already made and drive improved profitability. Net income was $20.7 million up 100.2% from $10.4 million a year ago and up 2.1% from $20.3 million sequentially. On a non-GAAP basis fully diluted EPS was $0.39 per share which was up from $0.20 per share a year ago and up from $0.38 per share sequentially. The number of fully diluted shares used in the fourth quarter was $53 million. Turning to free cash flow on a sequential basis. Cash and cash equivalents, short and long-term investments were $115.9 million, up $5.4 million from $110.5 million in the prior quarter. In the fourth quarter free cash flow was a negative $12.3 million primarily due to an increase in AR of $92.1 million offset in part by a decrease in inventory net of accounts payable of $40.9 million. The increase in AR was primarily due to higher revenues which accelerated late in the quarter. Overall cash conversion cycle days was 95 which is five days lower than the prior quarter and four days higher than the same quarter of last year. We didn’t expect the SSD and memory issues to last through the end of the calendar year. Now for a few comments on our outlook. As we enter the first of fiscal 2018 we see strong growth opportunities from a technology refresh cycle which is just started. We continue to see strong traction for our leading solutions in our growing customer base especially in large enterprise. Lead factors coupled with the investments we’ve made in our future, during the past few years gave us strong momentum to accelerate our growth in the many market verticals we serve as exhibited by last quarter’s result. Therefore the company’s currently expect net sales for the quarter ending September 30, 2017 in the range of $625 million to $685 million. Assuming this revenue range the company expects non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of approximately $0.30 to $0.40 for the quarter. At the midpoint this will represent an increase of 24% in revenues and 9% in EPS from the prior year. We continue to expect to reach the $3 billion run rate by the end of the calendar year. It is currently expected that the outlook will not be updated until the release of the company’s next quarterly earnings announcement with subsequent development. However, the company may update the outlook or any portion of it at anytime. With that let me turn it back to Charles for some closing remarks.
Howard Hideshima: This is Howard. Yes, we are seeing the ramp up as Skylake has launched here. Again, [indiscernible] is seasonally soft and this guidance is about seasonal averages.
Howard Hideshima: And David I’d just add to what Charles was saying with regards to that. Again, we are at the end of the technology refresh cycle when coming into a brand new technology re-price cycle, specifically at the end of the cycle, our pricing gets a little bit more less on the older technology.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, I think the ramp for the product cycle we talked before, it is probably going to be towards the December quarter, you need to take some about two quarter to ramp the production through the new chip set.
Howard Hideshima: Well I think we talked about a number of new engagements and new customers that we are bringing on board. The pipeline is very strong.
Howard Hideshima: Well, as Charles mentioned earlier, we saw price decreases around 20% within the commentary, I said there has about 50 to 70 impact to our gross margin.
Howard Hideshima: Again, the contract was in place, its expiring [indiscernible] you negotiated. So again, we had contracts there. We terminated, but again, the volume went up and a bit hard as a bit as we mentioned earlier in our press release. We’ll soon rectify.
Howard Hideshima: Well, I think like I said we’re getting to more full boxes now. As Charles mentioned we’re building our breadth into the large enterprise that customers and if I’m customers are taking full boxes, previously if you remember our server solutions category had everything from barebones to complete services. So we’re now moving or into complete server solutions including software and support services.
Howard Hideshima: I think it is largely to – while we talked about here Alex, we have got a numbers of investors, who will be leveraging our investments, being better on our operational efficiencies and operating expenses. So obviously there are a lot of opportunities for us to grow that margin, through this year, especially with the refresh cycle coming. With regard to – I just sort back on the next-gen it was about 76% year-over-year growth.
Howard Hideshima: Definitely the opportunities are there and we’re going to be – as we said earlier the pipeline is very good for us.
Howard Hideshima: In the prepared remarks, this is a new concept for us a bit, Aaron. So, if you look at our website, you’ll see some prepared remarks for us. It will say that we do a guy for this quarter of about 34% on the tax rate.
Howard Hideshima: Well, I think, certainly it gets better for us as we go further and go further offshore and increase our foreign presence, but at this point we’re guiding 34% for the quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Aaron, I think we’ve done a very good job of managing this – going through the process of managing this. And so quite frankly we’re delivering orders and doing it. We saw some acceleration at the end of quarter, but again we’ve done a very good job of managing this, going through the process of managing this. And so quite frankly, we are delivering orders and doing it, we saw some acceleration at the end of quarter, but, again we’ve done a pretty job of managing the SSD and memory storage.
Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. We finished the fiscal year 2017 with record revenue and a strong momentum. Supermicro 3.0 provides the foundation and product to take advantage of this cycle of technology transition. We believe that fiscal 2018, will be one of the strongest year in Super Micro’s history. Operator at this moment we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Last quarter memory and flash drive grew more than 20% and this quarter although we – we are seeing an improvement may grow 10% for [indiscernible] for the whole quarter I hope. So the price stay high. And that is why I would try to be conservative because for memory, for flash [indiscernible] are a known factor.
Charles Liang: Our presence in China continue very be strong and we see a – we continue to gain a major partner, I mean especially a large corporate. And in that channel we will continue.
Charles Liang: As you may know, we invested a lot, as we grew a 50% engineering manpower. That is why we are able to implement our global service team and we are able to make our service reach, datacenter management, completed already, so we saw those were the I mean now we are able to continue to gain enterprise customer. In 3.0 [indiscernible] last clear miles we won more than 50 large enterprise customers. And deeply we believe we will accelerate the large enterprise customer gaining.
Charles Liang: That mean we are truly integrating function like a two tier one company that which are including service.
Charles Liang: And [indiscernible] we grew above 30% in that storage season mobile and looking forward, we will continue to have a strong growth in storage, especially NVMe space.
Charles Liang: Basically NVMe new technology, we suppose to have much better product margin. However with that shortage, and to sent them we need a much more area because we are past growing. So in that case, we had to pay premium to gain more [indiscernible] that’s why margin was low.
Charles Liang: Yes, indeed in that year, including last quarter. The major challenge to us was the [indiscernible] memory. Not just the price is high, but in lot of case, we had to wait for memory. So now we have memory and some time we had to wait for refresh. So that kind of intact and that is why we have the best IDC, Internet data center especially.
Charles Liang: The part of the reason, but also because memory price is so high and as you know, internet data center probably margin basically more than it. That is why we had a bad sale in the area.
Charles Liang: Indeed, [indiscernible] in last year and half of them started move on June quarter. But because it’s new, that’s why the [indiscernible] is not at stake. That’s kind of relatively a very decisive though.
Charles Liang: Yes. Last year, we won our belief more than 15 large enterprise customer. This year, we will see at least win another 25 or 30.
Charles Liang: Yeah, as in that chart we share with you, last three years we grew about 450 engineers, we have to [indiscernible] and pretty much that whole program already established. So, looking for where we don’t have to reinvest actual – don’t have to invest the much actual in business.
Charles Liang: It’s in the memory and [indiscernible] program wherever you are getting better from now. So by December quarter, I believe we will see some significant improvement.
Charles Liang: Yeah, basically enterprise customer are more [indiscernible] so the margin will be slightly better at least.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone, have a great day.
David Ryzhik: Hi, thanks. This is David Ryzhik for Mehdi. Just a few, if I can. The midpoint of your revenue guide comes out to around – down 9% Q-over-Q. Just wondering what are the factors there particularly given that year entering the product cycle. It assume that it would be ramping in the September. And I had a follow-up. Thanks.
David Ryzhik: Got it. Thanks. And regarding gross margins if memory pricing was at 50 to 70 basis point hit and I assume it was 70 basis point that would have put your gross margins at 14.2. Given the, in this June quarter, given the high volume, the favorable mix from the lower Internet data center just would have thought that the normalized gross margins would have been higher perhaps from capacity utilization. Can you just talk about what are the other impacts, I mean you mentioned Asia business. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on some of the mix and if there is any kind of pricing impact that we should be aware of in gross margins. Thanks.
David Ryzhik: So, I guess the fall would be, should we expect given that you are entering the product cycle the favorable margin impact, should we expect QoverQ increase in gross margins.
