Charles Liang: Thank you, Howe. Again last quarter was another record high quarter of revenues and earnings for Super Micro and it is a strong start to calendar 2014. With our leadership in innovation and market [inaudible] global capability grows. I’m confident that calendar 2014 we have a significant year of revolution and growth for Super Micro. Operator, as at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yeah thank you for the question. Yeah, indeed recently our operation in Asia is pretty ready and strong and that’s why we start to get into more aggressively in cloud and Internet data centers. So, basically we gain pretty much one in U.S. one new in Asia and another new in Europe. So those high scale data center and Internet business kind of good for our long term and short term is we kind of had to sacrifice our profit a little bit. But long term, we will get benefit from those economical scale.
Charles Liang: Indeed we are also growing very strongly in traditional enterprise market as officially now site service is fully available and our management is also available. So we are also growing aggressively in enterprise customer and that’s why our overall profit margin won’t be too bad I mean.
Charles Liang: I guess the most important we try to mix it up it continues to grow strongly and with that we are selectively have some activity account with relatively lower margin and Howe may be you could add something.
Charles Liang: And we believe that within one year, our utilization in Taiwan facility should be almost 100% so that’s pretty positive side for us.
Charles Liang: Yeah basically, so you know June traditionally our strong quarter and if I believe we’re the singular right? So except again that is why we say we start to be more aggressive in the Internet data center. However, we are also growing strongly in our enterprise accounts. So overall our optimizing should be consistently improving.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we’re looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
