David Weigand: Well, Nehal, our margins are holding up. We expected a downtick last -- in this Q2, but it didn’t happen. We’re still allowing for a downtick just in case we have to sharpen our pencil on some particular deals. But otherwise our prices and margins are holding up.
David Weigand: Well, we have customers that are -- that have pushed out orders, certainly Nehal, but that we still bring value to our customers. And that value is -- has not diminished. And, in fact, with all of the new designs that are coming out, we believe it’s increased.
David Weigand: No, I would say Nehal that really we are -- we don’t want to update our guidance. We’re confident in our guidance and in the ranges that we’ve given. And so really we’re just -- we’re watching the macroeconomic situation. But we remain confident in our basic business fundamentals and in our values -- the values that our products bring.
David Weigand: So we -- right now, we don’t see any degradation of our gross margins, as I mentioned. And so -- but we feel like -- we remain confident in our in our ranges. And we don’t believe this is a time to update them.
David Weigand: Sure. So again, I’ll kind of go back and we’re -- because things have been changing economically and we had some -- we’ve seen some push-outs, not cancellations, again, push-outs, we feel like, we shouldn’t be adding more details on Q4 or annual guidance. And so, really, we feel like the guidance ranges that we gave allow for where we think performance will land. And so, to give more specificity to that, at a time when details are not easy to -- are not as clear to see, we think is the wrong way to go. And so instead, we’re giving good guidance on what we see in the quarter ahead. But again, we’re still comfortable with our annual guidance.
David Weigand: Yes. Many things have improved recently, as you know, on the supply chain side. So, we used to procure further in advance. And so one of the reasons our inventories have come down, one of the reasons our cash flows have been -- have increased. And by the way, we had net income the last two quarters of $360 million, we had free cash flow of $454 million. And so, again, the reason for that is we had to invest less money in inventory. So, our ability to produce products is faster now, because we can buy later in the cycle. But to your point on the timing, some of it’s going to be dependent on when in the quarter our customers are taking the bulk of their products. So, if we have early quarter shipments versus late quarter shipments, that can affect the timing of our inventory and accounts payable.
David Weigand: Yes, so, fair question. So, we’re going to add in -- for Q3, we’re adding a $4 million of CapEx for Malaysia, and we’ll add $9 million in our Q4, for Malaysia. So that’ll be $13 million for our fiscal second half. And then, this is going to be an investment over a couple -- over several years. And so, we’ll make another $13 million in the first half of fiscal ‘24. So, that’s not -- that’s given you a little more insight on that investment.
David Weigand: Yes, that’s correct. So, your question, yes, you can maintain the 45 and just add in the figures that I just gave you.
David Weigand: So, the December quarter was an outstanding quarter on in every respect. And so from free cash flow, inventory, all the metrics were strong, cash position. So, as you mentioned, customer -- no customer concentration. And so, we feel we had a really good -- a really great quarter.
David Weigand: Well, we always have customers that will take -- when we have design wins, Nehal, we’ll always -- from quarter-to-quarter, we’ll always have shipments -- large shipments to customers. Sometimes it’s according -- sometimes they change their forecast, and we ship a little bit more in one quarter than another. So, we can’t control that always. But as we said, as the supply chain has improved, that was -- that dynamic was felt a lot harder during the supply chain crunch. Now that we’ve returned to a better supply chain, therefore, that’s why we feel we’ll return to more normal seasonality. But that can always be altered by a new design win that we get in one quarter or over two quarters.
David Weigand: So Nehal, if you look back pre-COVID, our typical Q3 decline was 12%. Okay. So, that was during the time of normal seasonal patterns. During COVID, there was a different dynamic of course, because our supply was scarce. But we think as we return to normalized supply that we will have this kind of seasonality. 
David Weigand: Well, we’re engaging with new customers all the time. And so, we’re not looking to be declining, and in fact, just the opposite. So, while we will have some seasonality as in a stable supply chain, we still have our growth plans that are intact and that we remain confident in.
David Weigand: Yes, it’s completely up to the Board, completely up to the Board. But, I think it’s certainly unreasonable.
Charles Liang: Yes. Macroeconomic headwind issue is some concern to everyone now. So other than that, indeed, our demand is still pretty strong, especially as you know, Intel just announced Sapphire Rapids; AMD, Genoa; and NVIDIA, Hopper, H100. So we have very strong products available. And this time, we saw a customer very aggressively asking was simple for early seeding. So, we believe these were put in big growth. And -- however the very big growth in model should be in about summer or even after summer timeframe. So long-term, we have a very strong confidence, especially after summer. Before summer, depends on macroeconomic headwinds. We try to be more cautious.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, as you know, we start to approach large accounts since maybe one year ago. So, we continue to gain interest from those CSP and larger accounts. And that’s why we increased having capacity for lower production cost to support those larger accounts. And we even started a big campus in Malaysia. So, the goal is to increase our production capacity and lower our operation and production costs, so that we are able to support those larger accounts with reasonable profitability. So, we continue to gain some engagement and interest from larger accounts around the world. And also at the same time, we also started to engage with lots of mini size accounts, especially those through B2B and B2C. So, we are engaging with much broader customer base now.
Charles Liang: In March quarter, because of the market headwind, so we still tried to be cautious. But after summer, our feeling become much stronger, because a lot of good products, lots of engagement from larger accounts, middle sized account and even small -- a lot of small accounts.
Charles Liang: Indeed we have a very close partnership with all of our vendors. So, in this area, I believe we are similar to the industry standard or slightly better. David, you may…
Charles Liang: Yes. Basically, in ‘22, we had some larger accounts, but in fiscal year ‘23, now we are adding more larger accounts. So we are growing in more largely accounts and more midsize accounts, and also B2B, B2C. So, indeed, our customer mix is becoming much more diversified, much more healthier, and for sure the volume will be bigger. That’s why we extend to Malaysia for really lower cost operation and campus.
Charles Liang: We hope so. So anyway, that’s -- we feel we still have a lot of room to add more customers. And once we have a higher capacity in USA, Taiwan, Malaysia, our plan is to add a lot of more customers.
Charles Liang: Indeed with our new product, indeed very strong offering. So we expect any time we will have a more new larger customer or old customer coming back is always very high possibility. And we are working with them very closely there, the partnership would come stronger ever.
