Charles Liang: Yes. Very good question. We did see a large data center, especially those social networking, those streaming even gaming large data center have a strong demand during this COVID-19 period, especially. And we have most focus on the other side, enterprise channel. So that kind of increased demand, indeed, that did not help us a lot in June. But likewise, say now, we are extending our operation and business to Taiwan. Hopefully, our cost will decrease. So we will be able to more aggressively participate in those large data center and cloud. And I believe this business may not be seen for another few quarters probably.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, Intel, as you know, they postponed their 10-nanometer and also the coming 7-nanometer technology. So that did impact some to us. However, we also grow AMD product line very aggressively. So overall, there are some impact for our maybe September quarter. But long term, we should be able to adjust efficiently.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean September traditionally our soft quarter. And December, we had 20% higher than September in the history. So this year, I believe we will have some impact like that, although coronavirus impacting us, but we are doing what's possible to adjust our workload. We will feel December will be a much stronger quarter, yes. That will be still the case.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, since about 9 months ago or even 12 months ago, we started to grow in Taiwan aggressively, including engineering, the operation and even sales, even customer service. So that transition will be up now, especially for coronavirus. As you may know, the coronavirus impact in Taiwan is much less than United States. So we are moving to Taiwan for cost reason and for coronavirus impact reason as well. And the result is gradually helping us. And I would like to say that December quarter, it will have more next year, for sure, will be much more efficient. And it's kind of mid-term and long-term investment, but December quarter, we will see some help.  As to our online business, it's basically a complementary business to help our customers to get support, especially spare parts or when they need a mobile system, they can order from online. And that system we have been preparing for many years. And now it is getting very mature. So we start to small-scale business last few quarters. And then we will have a formal official release very soon.
Charles Liang: Good. Thank you for the question. Yes, we start to focus on 5G, Telco about 12 months ago. And now we already engaged a handful of good-sized customers. And they are very happy, very convinced with our product. So we see some production, some volume moving since last quarter. And those volumes will ramp up in this quarter and December quarter and especially for next year.  And with our operation, growing in Taiwan aggressively now, we soon will be able to ship really high-volume product from Taiwan operations. And that's why it's the time, it's mature for us to start service large-sized cloud and data center. And we already are working with a couple of those potential customers. And the response, again, so far, have been very commendable. So we will continue to push those opportunities.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, last quarter, I started to share, we engaged with another 3-year business drive, right? Large 5G Telco, Large data center and cloud and then software AI and service. So indeed, all the 3 new drivers, we have been growing pretty healthy way. For 5G Telco, we already have some handful customer engaged. Large cloud, we have some customer engaged. And then software AI in service, we continue to gain customers satisfaction, and that's why we like to further promote the scope to service older customers around the world. And we expect that these -- the feedback will be pretty healthy for our business plan.
Charles Liang: To be very directly, I mean, we just moved a lot of business to Taiwan, especially operations. And September, the impacts, the advantage from that should be limited. December, I would like to say will be much more significant. And then next year, we're sure we will see a lot of benefit from that. It will take some time to warm up.
Charles Liang: Thank you. I would like to thank you, our employees, customers and investors for their continued support. And thank you for joining us today and see you next quarter. Thank you.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. Aaron, I can augment that describing a little bit of what we're seeing in the current quarter. So I think evidence that would align with what you're hearing from other parties is that as we entered into July, we definitely saw that our customers were taking a pause after having a strong June. And so I think as opposed to last quarter's comments, where I said we started off strong, and let's see where we go; this quarter, we're seeing a pause in July, yet just currently now, we're starting to see an order -- a flow -- an order flow pickup. So we hope that, that is a good turn to our July results. So a little bit different topology as compared to last quarter.
Kevin Bauer: Sure. I think what we're seeing is that you got a little bit heated with component costs, and things are moderating a little bit. For us, Aaron, it takes time for us to kind of digest inventories that we have on hand. And we believe that towards the end of the quarter, we'll be able to see some moderation in component costs. I think that's a fair portion of what we described in terms of our expectations for Xeon improvement.  Other things that we continue to battle are the momentary high cost of logistics and freight. As we kind of mentioned earlier, it was tough in the last quarter. It kind of loosened up in June. It was looser in July and seems to be tightening up a little bit. But beyond that, what we've done is we've looked at some of our components that we bring from Asia to look at what are those that we can start shipping by sea. It might take a little bit more in terms of inventory holding, but it's definitely worth it when it comes to some components like motherboards and those kind of things, we can afford to do by sea. So we're kind of managing that. And hopefully, we'll have some improvement in that arena as well.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. Aaron, that's -- that's one of the considerations as we look forward when I said that product development costs may increase a little bit is that now we have to think about multiple platforms, given the dynamics of Intel's timing and pushing the pedal to the middle a little bit more on alternate processors.
Kevin Bauer: I think it's -- we're seeing it on multiple fronts, so not necessarily the hyperscale, but probably more traditional.
Kevin Bauer: Well, I'm not going to give a specific number like that, but July was one where it was certainly a weak month. And so we're glad that we've seen the trajectory turn here. So all of that is embedded in terms of the revenue range that we've given.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So last quarter, if you recall, we had a significant onetime event where we received $9.5 million from a partner for a cancellation of a program. And that's all we're just saying.
