Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. While we are pleased that 2012 was another year of success and growth for Super Micro. We now look forward to a stronger fiscal 2013 with the Asia and EMEA facility ramping in production and the growth drive such as the new Fat Twin architecture, the industry’ industry's product nine of Sandy Bridge products, storage, GPU solutions, complete rack solutions, data center software and etcetera. We had never been better positioned to grow our business. In summary, we believe our competitive position and strong brands we’ll deliver good result in 2013 and we expect this result to provide better profitability. Operator at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yeah, very good question. I guess the hard drive price drop and also (inaudible) to operate that can be a little conservative to gain some lower margin business and that's another reason. And also Sandy Bridge this time ramped up a little bit so that kind of lower our revenue in June quarter, however the September quarter should be much better.
Charles Liang: I guess once the price is more stable, then it is better for us, but again during the hard driver shortage timeframe, we spend a lot of effort to enhance that relationship with our partner. So indeed whole company is in much better position than before.
Charles Liang: I mean the driver price drop, our margin from hard driver for memory become much lower. That's why we are a bit reluctant to approaching those low margin market (inaudible).
Charles Liang: You know in USA our kind of revenue share continue to be strong. In Europe we start to be very aggressive to grow sales and marketing team in last six months. So we did a higher minimal sales and marketing guidance in Europe. Same thing in Asia, so we believe mostly in Europe and Asia, our revenues should grow strongly in 2013.
Charles Liang: You know in Taiwan we have a big facility. The production capacity almost as big as our facility in USA. However, the shipping from Taiwan is very small. That’s why we do not will utilize the capacity in Taiwan. And that’s why income scale has stayed very weak in Taiwan. We need to impact higher volume.
Charles Liang: Let me stop. I mean I guess because challenge strong competition. That’s why we have spend a more effort in technology For FatTwin is become a very big strong product. We invested a lot on this premium architecture and that created a more expense ratio for June quarter. The other area is because we start to emphasis a lot in Europe and Asia that’s why we haven’t spend all more money in promotion especially Europe and Asia. .
Charles Liang: Yeah when new product available this year, we were better ASP and better margin, however this time kind of Sandy Bridge because of more technical challenge and also we tried to provide indeed we provide brand new architecture Fat Twin or those made the come to market a little bit better but the product however become much stronger and we expect those (inaudible) should be probably little strong in September quarter and December quarter.
Charles Liang: I believe we already spend maybe $7 million to $8 million kind of extra money to build the strong product line. So in next few quarters we will continue to make the (inaudible) stronger, but relatively the investment will be much smaller.
Charles Liang: I would have to say for hard drive impact and also the quarter should be March quarter and June quarter and then we are in better position now.
Charles Liang: Yeah, indeed the price that we have agreed with our vendors is pretty flexible so we should be able to gather properly adjustment.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone and have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Europe was okay. Mark it was down a bit, but obviously we’re still seeing a lot of opportunities over there.
Howard Hideshima: Yes we are. I mean the opportunities for the Taiwan facility and the other things that we’re doing still are out there. I think if I had to characterize this quarter, as Charles and I previously mentioned on the memory and hard disk drive, you see, that was the majority of the shortfall between lets say the March quarter margin and June margins.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, in earlier kind of April-May timeframe, the expect that module price will grow and of which based at that time and that’s why we suffered EBITDA as well. But now I rather say that the time should be passed already. So the price for hard drive and module are now much more stable now, so I believe our (inaudible) will become more heavy.
Howard Hideshima: As I mentioned earlier, the gross margin move that you saw between the quarters was -- I guess majority of it was the hard disk memory pricing. Actually the pricing or the margins for our other products was fairly stable between the quarters. So we didn’t see that impact that you may be talking about.
Howard Hideshima: Well certainly the Nehalem refresh was coming off the eve of that economic time that we are going through back end 2009. This time around it’s not quite -- the economy is still a concern out there, but certainly not at the same level it was back in 2009. So again there is lots of good opportunities out there for us even though you had that economy kind of backdrop. It’s not as bad as it was back in 2009.
Howard Hideshima: Well I think back in 2009 I think there was a lot of shrinkage in the market at that point because of the tough economic conditions there that you saw a very competitive market. I don’t think you see that as much this time around.
Howard Hideshima: That is one of the main reasons, other than the hard driver price drop and [dim] price that could give us more pleasure to gain those best margin deals.
Howard Hideshima: Hello Glen, I think I mentioned earlier the levers are still there. I think we have to address the economic challenges but I think the levers are still there as we talked about before.
Howard Hideshima: Aaron this is Howard I think Charles mentioned earlier in his presentation so the revenues are still less than 10% of our overall revenues, so we are still at the very beginning of the ramp and it is additive to our gross margins.
Howard Hideshima: This is Howard. Like I said the LTA model again it doesn’t cover a 100% of our demand, so there is some buffer out there. For us we do take shipments every quarter based upon it and we do work on pricing with our vendors every quarter on it. So it’s adjusted every quarter with us, we do work with them and it is built in and I think it is a good thing for the long-term for us; I mean we have been growing things with it, but we do I think it is a good thing because as Charles mentioned we are building our relationships with these guys, increasing our importance, so it will support us as we grow our scale going forward.
Howard Hideshima: We had a trade show out there so again it will come down from the trade show perspective; but we've got other things that will offset some of that like, salary increases at an annual basis. And if you look back, probably back last year, you will see a similar type of growth although maybe not as high in our op expenses due to the salary adjustments.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, there is one deal that we’ve been working on that we had, we thought we were going to recognize this quarter that has slipped out.
