Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. Super Micro is focused on increasing market share by leveraging our strong advantage of brand recognition for basically in cards product and innovation. Our growth story remains intact. Our people are committed to succeed and our opportunities remain as great as ever. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yeah. I mean, our Taiwan facility continue in improving mode. So we had much stronger sales team, supporting team there now and we see that improving trend is there. So it will be quarter-by-quarter getting better.
Charles Liang: We still believe our Asia market, we are picking up stably, I mean, in March and June, because now our facility is there and our sales team, support team have been much stronger than before. So we have a pretty strong confidence there.
Charles Liang: USA market I believe we are improving as well, especially we start to spend more in East Coast and kind of Texas, Chicago area. So we feel at this -- in those new territories we will have a stable again.
Charles Liang: Europe kind of also consistently growing, we have facility there for system integration and supporting function since about two years ago now. So facility has been very mature and people have been well-trained. So I believe we’ll be continue stably growing in Europe as well.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Especially last two and half years, we have almost, I believe growth 60% of our engineering headcount, so now people are watching and we try not to hire too many people in the coming quarters.
Charles Liang: Cloud and Cloud application and Big Data, especially recently we just announced our Big Data optimizing system the 4U storage with 72 hard drive, all had swappable silicon range supported, that kind of density for sure basically in the world and I would say at least 20% higher density than any competitor. So those strong products now which we have grow our market share in storage, including effecting 1U (inaudible) hard drive also not competition in the market. So we have a very strong confidence on storages.
Charles Liang: Yeah. The question is that, I mean, like what we share, I think, many years ago. We had spend lots of effort in switch especially Datacenter optimizing switch and software -- management software, as well as customer service. So these are the three areas, I mean, we will have a much higher margin and we have been investing in this area for many years and we start to have some income from three areas, switch, software and service.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Kind of switch, yeah, every switch vendor has much bigger margin, right. Management software for sure, we invest in this area for almost 12 years and now we start, we have some income from our management software. Service, customer service on side which also good margin business. And we also invest in this area for many years and now start to see some income.
Charles Liang: I guess, when we continue to move more complete system, especially storage that into 20, 40 or even 70 to hard drive (inaudible). However, a good thing is, we start to add bed you like to management sort of way that service barrier, so those will help us on the positive side. So that is what, how they may postpone one quarter but now original we use model, financial model, it should be spread in.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Aaron, this is Howard. As I mentioned, it’s not 19%, if we didn’t have the catch-up it would be about the 19% difference, so assumably we’ve about 25%...
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Aaron, this is Howard. I’d like to say, we’re still working our way. We still believe that there is more to be had there as you back in time. Again, we’re not all the way there yet. We -- the majority of this quarter’s margin improvement was from the hard disk drive. We see that continue to stabilize and hopefully that will continue to improve. So an opportunity is there for us to increase. Along with that for this quarter, again this is a fairly soft quarter from a seasonal basis. So if you look back historically you’ll see that there has been pressure in our margins between December and March, so we’ve put in some of that into our forecast for this quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Well, I think you saw, the mix shift primarily come, as we mentioned, some of that was in storage, which typically has a high content of hard disk drives. In addition to that we are Internet Datacenter which is usually the most competitive area of the business was also up in the quarter.
Howard Hideshima: We -- no, we haven’t broken it out separately. We gave out previously about what it would be in total.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Glenn, we still have lots of opportunities as we talked about before to do that. We’ve looked at basically increasing our scale, obviously stabilization of hard disk drives, Taiwan facility, increasing our content of software and services as part of it. However, we probably will look at with some of this maybe pushing out a quarter, so we’ve said before that’s been calendar end of year we may push out a quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. We had some unusual items, I think if you want to call those in the September period with regards to product promotions as we launched the FatTwin and Sandy Bridge and what have you, those didn’t reoccur in the December quarter. We’ll probably have a little bit more expenses with regards to [CBID] and some trade shows that we’ll have during the March quarter here. However, in general, we’ll still keep a tight handle on our op expenses, so we won’t see a large increase in there.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Take that for the fiscal year for sure, for this fiscal year, we’ll have to review next, but for this fiscal year its looks better that way with R&D credit we have stated.
Howard Hideshima: Look, it will be a little bit hard to tell at this point, again tax credits only be extended for two years, which means it’s only half of our fiscal year, so we still need to do more work in that area.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. So, I mean, I guess, if you want to look back during the last year, I think the biggest think we can talk about and those people who understood is basically the hard disk drives and memory have been the largest impact to our gross margin over the past year. And this past quarter we did start seeing stabilization of that and that’s where we saw some of the recapturing of our -- of gross margin, probably low point in the last the September quarter. And as that continues to stabilize further as we go forward, I think we believe we’ll see additional benefits coming from there. With regards to the…
Howard Hideshima: The Internet Datacentre was higher, this period of time it was about 14.8% I think and that’s comparable to about 8% in the prior year. So, again, as you know that is probably the most competitive area in our midst just that we participated, so again, it puts a little pressure on our margins. And then historic -- go ahead.
