Charles Liang: Yeah. Thank you for the question. As you know, we just migrating from a Hardware Solution company to a Total IT Solution company. So lots of customer like our complete solution for the auto-ID need. So we continue to gain some really large customer and some really technology leader. So we are very happy, very excited to service more partner in the industry. And that’s really help… D And then…
Charles Liang: Essentially, like, as opposed to like an Omniverse, and Metaverse, lots of very exciting opportunity there.
Charles Liang: I mean, March quarter, traditionally, is our kind of soft season, but this year is different, because we have very strong demand, especially likewise, say GPU, Metaverse, Omniverse, lots of opportunity there and we already have some large engagement just try to fulfill them.
Charles Liang: Yeah. There is woman looks pretty commendable [ph], because of our strong product and Total IT Solution, lots of customer now have a bigger back order with us. So we are increasing our back order kind of in a very commendable way.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Indeed, I’m very happy with a big inventory now, with global supply chain difficulty. We build the inventory based on our back order. And at this moment, indeed, our back order have been very strong. And the reason why we did not update the whole year revenue and earnings, just because there are still certain uncertainty -- there’s still some uncertainty in terms of supply chain. Other than that, we feel very optimistic.
Charles Liang: So, our -- Nehal, our demand has never been stronger. And so we have obtained some new logos, new customers, which have designed in our products and so we feel very strong about our back order and our demand, but this is a market where supply also dictates your forecasts. And so we have to be careful about forecasting two quarters out on supply. So that’s really the reason for our range.
Charles Liang: Today there are some really four class company, big company coming to Omniverse or Metaverse, right? So we have a very strong engagement with some of them. So in terms of AI, GPU, Metaverse, we have a very strong back order now indeed and just try to work out components to fulfill over the demand. As to 5G/telco, it’s relatively new territory for us. We start 5G/telco about three years ago and now we have many bigger engagement. So we are very excited for 5G/telco growth as well.
Charles Liang: A big portion. Indeed, as I just mentioned, we start 5G/telco about three years ago and then we have a very strong engagement so far and some of them start to move certain volume, some modem will move good volume later. So it’s a new territory, but we overall very satisfied with a big engagement from those partner.
Charles Liang: Indeed, we have some large engagement and they are kind of high value product now. As we mentioned, for really kind of meta-scale data center we are selective, but when those demand high end, kind of high value products. So we are indeed very excited. We start to gain some of those opportunities.
Charles Liang: Now question is that, most of our customer already get used to kind of take the responsibility for the extra cost. So that’s why our gross margin or net margin will basically get in a stable right, including a higher transportation charge, basically customer already accepted it.
Charles Liang: Okay. I mean, our total hardware, that’s the model we have as -- we had to compete with lots of competition, right, lots of competitor. But Total IT Solution, customer need lots of software, lots of security feature and kind of like a cloud plug and play, cloud composite waiver software and utility there [ph]. So we invest a lot in this territory in last three years and now we start to harvest the results and we continue -- we will continue to invest more in software. So our kind of software value, Total IT Solution value will continue to grow. I would like to say, gradually, we may be able to add 1%, 2% or even 3% actual profit -- net profit to our revenue in next few quarter or few years.
Charles Liang: … for a complete IT solution, right, even sometime, you just have one component in shortage and you cannot ship the whole product line, whole solution. So that’s why it’s improving but still lots of concern.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Basically, when our Total IT Solution become more mature, gross margin and net margin will consistently growing, that’s benefited very slowly the direction. But in some time -- and I hope it happens, sometime when we engage with large scale ASP or OEM in really high revenue deal that may impact our gross margin and net margin. Although, it’s though our overall margin, but when it’s positive to company, overall future, we will still selectively take some deal there.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Basically, June, always our kind of harvest season, right. So this year, I believe, same opportunity. June will be very strong quarter I believe. And so as to gross margin maybe a little bit lower. But if that happen, the net profit should be more than $0.90, maybe more than $1. Maybe you have some come in there.
David Weigand: Okay. I was just going to add that, customer wise we had really good growth in the telco and the 5G/telco vertical.
David Weigand: Yeah. And Mehdi, this is David. Just to answer your question, another question that you had. Our ability to pass on costs is really reflected in our increased gross margin. So those increase component costs are being passed on.
David Weigand: So, Mehdi, we didn’t go back to the Q2 of last year, I don’t believe, although, in our -- we have guidance in our slides that we have by quarter. Yeah, that’s available on our website.
David Weigand: Absolutely. So our organic enterprise and channel and AI/ML constitutes approximately 65% of our revenues. The OEM appliance bucket comprises about 25%. And then the, look the data center, I’m sorry, the 5G/telco and Edge is about 10%. And that’s up from 5% in the prior quarters, the 5G/telco and Edge bucket. So that’s the way -- that’s kind of been the trend over the past quarters.
David Weigand: The big change was in 5G. Yeah, was from really some from big growth and traction with telco customers.
David Weigand: Yeah. I am sorry. This is David. So I will add to that, that we have -- we have a range, we put out a range of 4.2 to 4.6. So we’re very comfortable there, sure.
David Weigand: This is -- yeah. I’ll add that, that -- the large data center vertical, I think, is going to there -- is going to vary a little bit by digestion, too, because we have some regular customers that are purchasing -- they’ll purchase for two quarters or three quarters, and then they’ll take up -- and they’ll take a pause. But the good thing about our business is that, it’s grown to the point where we have enough momentum in all areas that, that one vertical can offset the other.
David Weigand: Yeah. Mehdi, so we -- we’re very comfortable being inside 14% to 17%. That’s our target. We’ve guided up for Q3 at higher margin. We said we should be up slightly in Q3 and for Q4 we -- we’re not giving updates on Q4. But for the full year, as we said before, very comfortable with the guidance that’s out there, because it’s got a -- it has a low range and high range.
