David Weigand: Okay. Got you. So, we have -- it took us some time to adjust to the rising freight costs and another component costs and so we managed to adjust those properly. And then, we also got some tailwind from finally from freight costs coming down 20% in q4. So those two things combined allowed us to have a higher gross margin.
David Weigand: Well, we expect our cash conversion cycle to come down Nehal, for a couple of reasons. Number one, our profitability has been increasing. And secondly, we've been able to manage our inventories better. So and the reason for that is in Q3, we were building inventory as we were getting ready to start the launch of some design wins. And those design wins really, really got traction and that allowed us to kind of even out our inventory. So we expect our cash flow and cash conversion cycle to improve.
David Weigand: The answer is, yes, it is sustainable. And we will be reviewing our new target levels. But it's really, as Charles mentioned, we've had a lot of customers come to us, and we've design very special solutions for them. And these solutions have a value. And they're high value to the industry and to our customers. And so we are -- when I say price discipline, and we've realized, higher value for some of our solutions. And we've had the good fortune of being able to secure enough supply to start to ramp up of those solutions.
Charles Liang: Essentially our scale -- building scale continue to grow and we maintain a very good product line and also when building scale growth, yes, we will have a higher gross margin and net margin.
Charles Liang: Yes. Recently we have indeed handled four of really a good product win including most of them indeed high-end AI platform. So our AI platform continue to gain market share and especially rack-scale plug and play. We have a complete rack install customer so it's makes customers job much easier. And most of it and see what rack just starting to power cable then there are cable and then ready to run. So that really attract some customers.
Charles Liang: [indiscernible] indeed it's pretty much our standard product. Our standard product for customer, we want some really top 10 highest value company around the world.
Charles Liang: Yes, actually you may know, I mean, AI, deep learning, being compared to grow, including metaverse, lots of customer, lots of company continuing to invest heavily in those areas. And it's for now we have -- I would like to say exactly that pace for AI platform around the world, doesn't matter, really high end, or all kinds of high volume platform enabled or rack-scale enabled or cloud enabled. So our investment in that three start to gain customers attention as we save their big time especially, most of the time in the industry, people take them maybe two miles to three miles to finish shipping, a rack scale, cluster, and it takes us much shorter, because we optimize the inventory and total solution and ship it to customer with a much shorter lead times and customer really appreciate that as well.
Charles Liang: It depends. Some customers, we saw them slow down, but not for other customer, indeed, continue to increase their demand, especially for high-end AI platform for those future products. And, by the way, I mean, there a lot of new technology, coming out quarter-out-quarter or month-after-month. So at this moment, we believe our macro economy may slow down at ADP, but our demand should continue growing.
Charles Liang: Two reasons, one is supply chain. We still facing some supply chain constraints. Some parts have been more available than before last year, lots of past year in shortage that's one thing. Second thing, in our September quarter used to be our slow season. So both reason, and that's why we tried to be more conservative.
Charles Liang: In addition to that, because we [indiscernible] really global market yet, we are very strong in some countries, some territory, but in other countries, we are still pretty mean. So our solution is able to grow with much higher scale. We just need more warehouse, more production, making power and then we can achieve a more productive customer as far as how we, are far away from where product assumption has been ready. And we haven't replicated the end market to more countries and we already are a premium product.
Charles Liang: Very good question. Indeed, that's why we start to prepare, rack-scale plug and play about three years ago. So it took us -- acquired a lot of April to train our people to make it or facility or components ready, especially a street communication networking device. And finally every single ad we start to gain more customer, gain more design win. I believe those design wins will continue and at this moment, I feel pretty positive in the continued growth in those areas.
Charles Liang: AI, people learning, metaverse, omniverse and at the beginning, high end gaming, automation, scientific application. So it is a local area, even kind of lack of forecasting company, also having some strong demand.
Charles Liang: Yes, because, they are not [indiscernible]. And that's why we keep in our inventory, so that we can support a continual growth demand. Basically, our image here is pretty healthy. We have some high volume inventory, but they are under strong demand. So like, at this moment, I don't worry about inventory level.
Charles Liang: It’s growing faster. But we always suffering supply chain shortage in that nine months, already. So I hope the supply chain will continue to get better. And once that happen, I reckon Taiwan can be much improved. At the moment, I believe our evaluation rate in Taiwan, only about 45% or so.
Ananda Baruah: Sorry, no, I don't want to cut you off. That's great content Charles. I'll see [indiscernible] for now. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Ananda Baruah: So 100 to 200 from Taiwan not 100 to 200. So it's not 100 to 200 to the overall P&L, it's 100 to 200...
Ananda Baruah: Got you. Now Taiwan is going to be approaching half year volume at some point. So would that sort of be long-term 50 to 100 basis points to the overall P&L.
