Charles Liang: Thank you, how. Although we’re pleased to beat expectation and deliver record high quarter, we are mostly excited to focus and on pace to return to that strong growth trend that have been our legacy with our robust global operation in these foundations and in the chip based server storage product portfolio. Super Micro is well positioned and ready to set a new standard for our industry and to achieve greater things. Operator at this time, we’re ready for questions.
Charles Liang: And mostly important is we had continued to improve our relationship with key vendors. So as of today, our relationship, partnership have been much stronger than before ever. So that’s why we’re able to guide a relatively more consistent price.
Charles Liang: Yes. We did have really a huge IDC customer, internet data center customer, but with again a lot of Fortune 500 private customers. And we didn’t, I would anticipate much more [indiscernible] become a more stable for both revenue and profitability.
Charles Liang: Yes. As I just mentioned, in last quarters, indeed we went out to a, I would say a Fortune 500 credit card customer and their demand had been consistent and because several of them, that's why it's more or less stable and we believe this trend will continue.
Charles Liang: Both. I believe we continue to have more Fortune 500 private cloud customer. This will drive sales. At the same time, when our capacity allow, yes, we are also open to grow the relationship with POM, internet data center as well.
Charles Liang: A lot of our NVMe solutions are already fabric based. It’s kind of based on PCI’s reach building in our area. So indeed, the last quarter, we have a specific deal because of those technologies, and we’re detecting that in the marketplace and we saw more and more customer like PCI based NVMe solution.
Charles Liang: Basically that will improve our profit margin a lot. However, last quarter, the fresh price also raised that up. So it’s kind of partially offset by that.
Charles Liang: Especially because we see some significant order is kind of coming continuously. That's another reason why we keep a higher inventory.
Charles Liang: Yes. This project will be a big thing to us, however early seeding indeed didn’t stop for much. So I believe there will be not much impact for this quarter. As for the official release from Intel, I believe it’s still of our early Q3. So and a really big impact will be Q3 this year, I mean September quarter and early premier for March can be CRD meeting.
Charles Liang: Yes. We start seeding, [indiscernible] much more simple, but really are start seeding, early deployment won’t be a stand much. So how much we can look how with our vendor and our customer.
Charles Liang: Actually I am very sorry, I mean our focus on IOT have been very consistent, growth should be continuous strong.
Charles Liang: Indeed in private cloud customer, and based on micro product and some other between [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Indeed, it will stop from USA and East Coast, West Coast, we see a lot of demand. And primarily because of our on-site service, product line, visibility of that.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Joe, this is Howard. Again as Charles mentioned, we did see some pricing increases up to about 40% plus in some of the pricing between say September and December, but we have taken measures to invest in our inventory as you noticed that we talked about $100 million of increase in inventory and much of that inventory is being invested in component to put us in a good position with regards to the shortages that they exist or tightness that may exist in the market.
Howard Hideshima: Hi, Mike. This is Howard. With regards to the passing on pricing to our customers, we are obviously, last quarter, we saw the price increasing quite fast probably in the middle of the quarter. And so some of the contract appeals were already set. Now that we see this out there, we are working with our customers obviously to pass on the differentials with them. So we're actively working on that. With regards to the inventory, how does that benefit us, again, as you see, the prices going up, some extent, we procured inventory, already made the investment into our inventory, so that as prices go up, we do have inventory that we procured at a lower cost to the relative current prices.
Howard Hideshima: We bought some of the inventory, Mark, but then again, it keeps on going, we keep on buying inventory, and there still shortages and things of that nature out there.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. I think again with some of the distributors, you saw me mentioned percentages with regard to the distributor percentages growing in there. So some of that distributors are coming to us quite frankly with regards to our products. And then obviously from last year, again the decrease in our data cloud is primarily short server systems affected the mix what percentage is between subsystems and assemblies and complete solution. So again, part of that is driving some of the percentages.
Howard Hideshima: Sure, Mark. I think if you look at the sequential decrease which was about 80 basis points, probably that's more again, if you take a look at that, I think you'll see that we had a thirty basis points improvement with regard to utilization and quite frankly, the only other mention in my commentary was the component pricing per se. So if you take a look at all the other factors, you probably see a plus 100 basis point impact from the component pricing.
Howard Hideshima: The 25% includes related to a tax audit that we completed. So again that would come out like, I think if you take it down to around the 30% or 32%, that’s the improvements that we’re making.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. I’ll remind you, we changed the notes. So for the quarter, we shipped 145,000 notes in the December quarter. That compares to 122,000 notes in the prior quarter and 133,000 notes in the prior year. The ASPs per not was 3100 in the quarter, in the December quarter, 2900 and in the prior quarter and then 3400 in the same quarter of last year. And then, I’m sorry, you asked for the subsystem and assembly. Okay. That was 1,214,000 subsystems and accessories.
Howard Hideshima: I guess the major reason is because we just finished our operations there. I mean, in that four quarter, as we mentioned, we spend a lot of effort to build up global operation and including IP implementation and global warehouse. So now, all of those have been ready and global onsite is the most ready now. That’s why we’re able to focus on building it and start to grow and we will be coming soon and also on happening new product line. We do believe that the future will be come back to a strong growth again.
Howard Hideshima: Sure. It was in the sequential or in the year-over-year. Year-over-year, okay. So in terms of verticals, we saw growth in next-gen stores, enterprise and HPC, right, 55.6%, 220.7% and 122.3% respectively offset by decline in Internet based cloud of 52.6%. That’s the year over year’s.
Howard Hideshima: I think that's fair, Nehal. I think like I said, we're coming into the quarter, we're on the edge of a technology refresh cycle. We see a lot of great opportunities as Charles has already talked to about some of the new customers, engagements that we've got going on, those seem to be very good for us.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. If we go back historically, we went through a lot of investments last year with regard to SAT and our warehouse and our reorganization. Those investments have been made and have been into the system for now over a year, or year and a half, so some of those things have helped us improve our overall efficiency for that way. 
