Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. For 22 years, we have been a customer-centric technology company, always listening to them and developing innovative products that our customers appreciate. Now, with our software and service package fully ready, we are able to create more complete Total Solutions, greater product value, and achieve higher level of customer satisfaction. We have more than doubled our revenue in the last three years, and by continuing our focus on our advanced product lines and customers, we expect to make another aggressive dip of growth in the coming years. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: In terms of new product status, we feel still in the ramp-up mode. And yes, the Broadwell is coming soon. So overall, I believe the product line advantage will continue to happen. And especially, once we announce the 1U 4 GPU, and kind of 90-Bay in 4U JBOD, that will be our strong product.
Charles Liang: Yeah. I mean, our software and service program although start from fiscal year 2014, but it really grow much quicker in 2015. We grew almost triple last year, and looking forward, looks like the growth rate will be continuing very fast, because it's finally a very mature, very strong product. And that's why we are able to approach more and more enterprise customer, and after two year's usage, they have been really happy with whatever total solution we provide. So we feel pretty positive in that area.
Charles Liang: Yeah, for software and service issue, probably the margin is much higher. However, overall our revenue only about 1% for fiscal year 2015, and for 2016, I hope we are up to 3% or even more. So that one will be long-term growing, very positive factor. But yes, the percentage still small, although faster growing.
Charles Liang: Yeah, I mean – very good question. Basically, we have much better product, especially for (36:56) application, we have specifically optimized product for them. So customer appreciate that. And also our enterprise customer, they need on-site service. They need software for system management. Before we were pretty weak in that area, but now become much stronger, and we'll be – continue to be stronger. So we are gaining enterprise segment kind of consistently now, and better product, especially application optimized.
Charles Liang: Data center indeed, it really depends on our production capacity, kind of before our limitation, pretty much production capacity. So now, with our building (37:53) grand opening, yesterday, and another new building in Netherlands, we'll be ready to move in next month. So we have much more space, much more capacity for new data center business now. So if we like, we can grow that area much more aggressively than before.
Charles Liang: For next-generation storage, our volume had been growing very consistently. I guess, year-over-year we grew about 80%...
Charles Liang: In total. So in terms of next generation storage also, about that percentage, because we grew both for traditional storage and next-generation. I guess that percent is pretty close.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Our networking solution is part of our Total Solution, and that has been growing consistently, although not as fast as our storage. But long-term, yes, that will be one of our focus as well.
Charles Liang: Yes. We continue introducing even better storage system. For example, 4U 90-Bay and lots of other (42:10) storage Total Solution. So I believe storage product line in terms of percentage will continue to grow.
Charles Liang: We will control the margin kind of like we have a strong demand from our big data center, but only when we have extra capacity or in-house capacity, otherwise we are little bit selective for customer.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: No, Alex. I think, as I said in this – subsystems and accessory business was higher this quarter. It grew quite frankly about 30% quarter-over-quarter sequentially. So again that, as you know, we talked about it, component and subsystem business is at a lower margin than our complete server solution business. We do expect that our complete service solution business will continue to grow.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. We said it would – would be around – we said that the – if the R&D tax credit was put back in, like it was in 2015, then we would see similar, yeah, a reduction in our rate by about 7% in that December quarter. And then, if it did happen, that the rate overall for fiscal 2016 would be similar to fiscal 2015 or 2014, which is about 31%.
Howard Hideshima: Well, I think, Mark, as we talked about before, I think there's a wonderful opportunity for us to take market share right now, and we're going to continue to focus on that part of it. There's lots of opportunities for us to go out there and go get, as Charles talked about, our top line growth, and what have you. But again, we'll be looking at that, and then we're looking at the working capital needs of the company to properly support that.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, Aaron, this is similar to what we talked about in the past. I think the levers for us, for our gross margin are still there, continue to ramp the Taiwan utilization for us, continue to build the scale of our business. And so that includes our purchasing power, improve the mix of our total server solutions. Then as Charles mentioned, the services and support portion of our revenue, as that grows, that provides us with margin uplift there, too. So those three levers are available to us, and still we're trying to execute through those levers.
Howard Hideshima: This is Howard, again. I don't believe that there is any pull-forward or revenue per se. It was a seasonally strong quarter. We have lot of new opportunities out there to take advantage of, and we're leveraging on those opportunities per se. How do I put it? The enterprise space is opening up to us. A lot of the market opportunities we talk about are opening up to us, and some of those customers do demand longer terms, I've talked about before with regards to that. So again our DSOs are affected by that.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, guys. Maybe just to elaborate on your question. Actually for the Q4 versus Q4 of 2014 and 2015, actually next-gen grew about 94% year-over-year same quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. I think it goes in sync with what we talked about, the distributors are primarily the guys who buy the subsystem accessories business. You'll see a lockstep, kind of move with our distributor business, and our subsystems and accessories business. So distributor business was or channel business was very strong for us this quarter.
