Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. The second quarter was another record high for Super Micro, with nearly growth of 41.2%. Even though this was one of our strongest quarter ever, we believe this is just the beginning of our long term growth as we continue to invest and to expand our foundation by growing professional stock and constructing advanced facility worldwide. On the strength of our technology transition, our optimized product line, and our overall market opportunity, we believe we will continue to grow at a multiple over the industry is known and our share in the competition. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: I believe our feel is, we are continuing to grow consistently especially the Haswell new transition just beginning. However, at Q1 again traditional Fed quarter not only try to conservative. However, for fiscal year 2015 I believe we hope we can achieve $2 billion strongly, - $2 billion for fiscal year. And as operation margin, I believe we will continue to grow. Howard, you may have more detail about it.
Charles Liang: Couple of factor to improve our margin, one is new products line. As we just mentioned, Haswell CPU from Intel is still brand new. And with Haswell product line, we introduced some new architectural like [archwad] [ph] architecture, architecture rack and MicroBlade, NVMe or all those new technology we just made them available last quarter. So all those we are continuing to grow. And our [indiscernible] in Taiwan facility and our facility in USA was all improving.
Charles Liang: Yes. All the factors you mentioned pretty much all positive for our business. So we feel very optimistic to grow in the coming quarters especially the Haswell, again, like I just mentioned still new. And NVMe, that's a brand new technology, also much better performance and latency. So those product line will continue to grow our business for sure.
Charles Liang: Last quarter our utilization rate I believe was 57%. And looking forward, the utilization will continue to improve and I hope we can reach 80% not too far away.
Charles Liang: Yes 57% of that current and we believe to reach 80% hopefully in next quarter or two. And then we are looking for more space I mean after that.
Charles Liang: We believe this customer will continue to grow and we really hope that and have a strong confidence. At the same time we hope to grow more customer. So Super Micro has been a diversified company in term of product and customer base.
Charles Liang: I believe we will continue growing in term of operating margin but it won't be a big change. We've been relatively consistent to mostly growing I believe.
Charles Liang: Possible, but at the same time we are also thinking about our kind of Q1 can be flat quarter and also a surprise for memory hard drive [indiscernible] a nonfactor.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: And just back to your question again at the mid point of our guidance even for this quarter, we’re seeing about 27% growth from prior year. So again when you talk about that 20% that you threw out there, we were exceeding that with even our current guidance. With regard to the operating margin itself, we are continuing to look at way to leverage that obviously and take advantage of that and further improve our profits going forward.
Howard Hideshima: And Mark I think I will just add to that, like I said, we have a number of factors that we talked about with regards to improving our growth margin this quarter we really hit upon a lot of those factors with regards on top of the new technology launched that Charles talked about, complete server solutions were very high at 60%, utilization at Taiwan, growth of our scale of our business, all of those contributed - not to mention services and support and software revenues. So a lot of things went well and in line in with what we were talking about as far as improving our margins going forward.
Howard Hideshima: Generally, seasonally it's a weak quarter and in past we've seen some margin softness in those quarters. So again, we’ve taken that into account in our models with regards to the guidance that we provided. We do see some softness there. That could be offset by again strength in our technology, strength in growing our scale or whatever.
Howard Hideshima: It would be the, probably power transition. We saw very good ramp with regards to our Haswell-Grantley platforms during the quarter as Charles alluded to the 200 plus percent growth quarter-over-quarter. And that was very good to our positive improvement.
Howard Hideshima: Rich let's go with the last question first. With regard to the local facility we talked about Xeon Phi, the green computing part that we talk about here. As I mentioned before, we expect to spend about 21 million over the next year to facilitate that up and get the first building completed there during the next year. Again, do we see some drag on it? We will be bringing it up as we need it per say here, so we won't see much drag with regards to that.
Howard Hideshima: On the gross margin we are saying was, what we have is this great opportunity to drive growth in our business. So again, while we will look at the operating gross margins and preserve those as best we can, there are opportunities for us to take some market share and we do believe that that will translate to operating margin benefits as we’ve seen over this past 18 months as we put out this model in the past year.
Howard Hideshima: Sure. DSOs on account receivable were 41 days. The DSOs on inventory were 83 days and the accounts payable DSO was 56 days.
Howard Hideshima: Never broken that out Nehal but quite - it's basically on the average. So we are competing on the average. That may help you on the calculation.
