Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard.  Our results for FQ1 were strong when compared to the same quarter last year and we have made a good start to the new fiscal year.  We look forward to moving into our Taiwan facility this quarter and beginning production.  We are continuing to prepare our various product lines for the upcoming launch of Sandy Bridge.  We have a strong foundation and base from which to execute our strategy to grow our revenue and increase our profitability. Operator, at this time let’s open to questions.
Charles Liang: It looks like a certain impact for sure, but because we have a very good safety inventory control hopefully that impact won’t be too big.
Charles Liang: Yeah, that situation indeed has been improving in the last two quarters.  So this quarter we have less concern in that area.
Charles Liang: I guess the March and June quarters we both had some negative impact from higher cost of D-RAM price and however I’ve mentioned that that situation has been improved this quarter.
Charles Liang: Okay.  Yeah, our December quarter growth, we tried to be more conservative for two reasons.  One is the Thailand flood.  We are closely inspecting and surveying the impacts, and the second is our Sandy Bridge going into very high-volume production in Q1.  So this quarter we will see some seeding but not really high volume.
Charles Liang: Yeah, this quarter we have some safety inventory for sure but it is concerning about if the impact will become bigger; then we may have to pay a higher price to fulfill some demand especially by December.  That’s why we tried to be more conservative.
Charles Liang: At the moment we have…  And I don’t know if people are talking differently but it can be 10% higher in some hard drive costs, and some other models may even be 20%.  But as of this moment still none, not quite solid.
Charles Liang: Yeah, in the past three or four quarters, we did increase a lot of manpower because we had to train our head people in production, in logistics, even in the quality control and offshore.  And that’s why our overhead grew quite a little bit, but so far most of the people are pretty much well trained so in the next few quarters I believe our headcount growth will be more under control.
Charles Liang: Yeah, I mean as you know we did not focus that much on the USA East Coast before but we have depended a lot on (inaudible) to develop their market in the past few quarters.  So we did see some gain over there and in Europe we had to continue to grow our sales and marketing team, and we have a good feeling about it.  In Asia, yes, we had spent a lot of effort to develop the market there in the last twelve months and it looks like it’s getting mature to us.
Charles Liang: I guess you are right – the Romley, Sandy Bridge will both have impacts in Q1, not December.  That’s why we tried to be more conservative for the December quarter.  But yes, December is usually our strong quarter.
Charles Liang: It looks like not a big change.  It’s been competing since a long time ago and that’s why we are continuing to grow our higher-value architecture, our software value and kind of lowering our operations cost by extending our opportunities to Asia.
Charles Liang: I believe we still have a very good chance in terms of TTM, time to market, because for a (inaudible) it’s a really wonderful, really high –performance but also very complicated.  There are lots of technical challenges; for example, how to make the system really power saving and really pushing the performance to maximum; how to really optimize the cooling function including kind of a rather free-air cooling.  So there is lots of technology there, so I don’t believe…  Sandy Bridge, we have a better opportunity than before.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter.  Thank you, everyone.  Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, Mark, this is Howard.  Thank you for the compliment.  With regards to the hard disk drive inventory situation and the Thailand floods, we do maintain safety stocks so right now we’re assessing it.  We’re looking through that and we’re working our way through our hard disk drive inventory to make sure we have enough for this quarter.
Howard Hideshima: We’re still looking through it.  Right now it’s a developing situation but again we have maintained what I would call reserve inventories.
Howard Hideshima: Hi Aaron, thanks for the compliment again.  Yeah, the 16.4% refers to total revenue, that’s a percentage of total revenue.
Howard Hideshima: In the June quarter we had one customer that was 11% of total revenues and they were in the Internet Data Center area.  This quarter we had no customer in any vertical that was over 10% of our revenues, so you see us being more diversified quite frankly into a number of new growing customers.
Howard Hideshima: Hi, Rajesh.  We’re on schedule as I think Charles mentioned also.  We’re on schedule for complete construction by the end of this quarter in the December timeframe so then we’ll begin to ramp right after that, and taking off (inaudible) of that and putting in lines and beginning to ramp that.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, Glenn, I think one of the main things that we talked about is the Japan inventory, that being behind us.  It was pretty good in the June quarter.  We saw less with that as we talked about in the September quarter so we think we’re beyond that per se.  Obviously as we have new products onboard and starting to sample and getting ready for the Romley and Interlagos, that’s always a good thing for us.  On the flipside of that, and I’ll say also that the memory pricing or UM pricing was pretty stable this quarter so that was also good for us.  We’ve talked about the hard disk drive situation – that can go plus or minus, let’s put it that way, depending on how it turns out at the end of the quarter.  And then on the negative side I guess…  Like I said, we’re on schedule to ramp the Taiwan facility, we look pretty good there but we’ll still be incurring some costs to ramp that, to get it ready for production capabilities in Q1.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, again Charles is pointing to like I said the benefits from some of the sampling we’re doing with Interlagos and with Romley, also with some of the componentry that we do have in stock, the higher pricing we may be able to obtain on that and its positive effect on margins.  So there’s some positive things for us that we see right now in front of us.
Howard Hideshima: Hi, Aaron.  Like I said right now there’s none on the construction part of it, the investment part, but that’s not come onboard yet.  They’re still building and those will be taken over a long period of time so the load from there won’t be that heavy even when it does come onboard.  And as Charles mentioned earlier we did ramp some headcount there; that’s already built into the number.  So it’s a matter of basically utilizing that excess capacity if you want to call it that, or excess manpower that we have – basically fully utilizing it.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah, I think so, Aaron.  If you look through the percentages of the last couple of quarters we’ve felt pretty steady with regards to our servers versus subsystems mix, albeit we had some componentry that we had to get rid of in the June quarter.  But I think you’ll see us being fairly steady.
