Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. With more than 26% revenue and growth year-over-year Super Micro is again one of the fastest growing company in the IT industry if not the fastest. Despite the seasonally [softness] our long-term growth trend remains intact with our robust products and service as we’re looking forward to a strong finish this fiscal year. We are well positioned with [prepared foundation] rapidly expanding customer base and that the most leading edge product [indiscernible]  Operator at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yes, for the March quarter [indiscernible] port strike so we have some half time of getting a chassis especially, but now all the programs have been pretty much fixed. So our inventory now grow into a very healthy position. So it will be very [half of our] June quarter.
Charles Liang: Yes, it's postponed because no one in our chassis basically, so customers still -- indeed we ship most of them in April and somewhere being maximized May.
Charles Liang: Storage product might continue to be much stronger right, especially this quarter we just introduced our [indiscernible] in a really high density hot swappable kind of storage solution and this -- again that's why that's the first beginning we have a much stronger storage product line will be available month after month.
Charles Liang: At this next two coming quarters, we will continue to see the beneficial from the hardware and then Grantley side and platform. That is in June quarter, September quarter.
Charles Liang: Yes, there must always a competitive right, so Super Micro has advantage since 10 years ago since the day we was founded, our advantage always better product better architecture, term to market, better quality and now better total solution including system management software and home-site service and also customer online service.
Charles Liang: I've been -- I will obviously say pretty much 100% back on track, so the postponement [for March] for sure will increase our June revenue.
Charles Liang: Because no enough components especially chassis. Q - Unidentified Analyst Okay. So it was tied into the port shut down.
Charles Liang: Indeed the project delayed mainly because of the port strike and that’s why we had no way to deliver on time. So however those have been improved in April and coming May. And the total port strike 5.5 million indeed it also closed also other deal that we cannot ship in March quarter. However, most of them will be shipped in June quarter. Q - Aaron Rakers  So just to be clear, so the -- there is a bigger impact in just the 5.5 million or 5.5 million is the total impact for the quarter. 
Charles Liang: Okay. I mean for Taiwan facility in the last quarter the reason why it was lower because we had a one big deal postponed ship into I believe this month April, as for USA facility yes, the utilities get in ready, the [indiscernible] ready to move in by July. So up there that would be beneficial to our operation.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we're looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Alex Kurtz: Thanks guys for taking a couple of questions here. First Howard it looks like the port of Oakland will shut down for four days that’s generally what I’m seeing here and if I just think about your daily revenue either internationally or domestically on a daily basis excluding weekends obviously it’s like $4 million to $7 million a day. So I mean could this have been $10 million to $15 million of revenue that got delayed out of the quarter or just kind of vaporized to a certain degree.
Alex Kurtz: So when you think about the June quarter guidance is there some kind of conservativism that you’re putting in around the [grandly] uptake or just general macro concerns, I think some of us were just expecting a little bit healthier guide on the June quarter. So just trying to understand if that has any kind of -- is anything else beyond this harbor strike that you’re seeing that’s impacting the macro outlook for the June quarter.
Alex Kurtz: Okay. And just last question for me, then I’ll pass it on. If you were to think about, you obviously got -- you shift a lot of systems this quarter and it would seem that that if you’re normalizing this quarter’s revenue for say December because of volume would you have eclipsed 17% gross margin if you were looking at this quarter’s mix [indiscernible] system the components if you did that mix back into December quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Alex actually [port strike] was much longer than that but to get back to what direct effects we saw, we saw our pushed out revenues approximately about 5.5 million and that doesn’t count some of the other projects that we had also that were delayed because we didn’t have 'chassis' if you want to call t to fully complete our things. But the direct effect of this revenue that we did not recognize that we shift was about 5.5 million. 
Howard Hideshima: Seasonally I think we’re just coming out of this seasonally weak quarter. We do see a lot of projects out, there a lot of opportunities for us to further capitalize upon and at the mid-point of the guidance [indiscernible] we got about we see it about 26% --25%. 
Howard Hideshima: I think you’re going to see likely seasonally we guided the weak quarter and it usually has an impact into our margin per se as we get into a strong quarter you typically do see a pick-up in margins there. We have a lot of grid factors that are going on as we get the capacity utilization of Taiwan up, seasonally strong quarter, continuing growth of our business in the server side of it; those are all [play] factors that will help us grow our margins in our operating [point]. 
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Mark this is Howard. Again we saw a good growth in that side as we expected, it quarter-to-quarter went up about 26%, for us again and that's kind of is in line with what Intel was talking about with regards to their conversion of their processor output to about half over the last six months. So it's coming out nicely for us. We have a lot of new products; a lot of products were adopted new processor that Charles talked about a bit out there, so we see great potential in the ramp coming.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, around 20% of our revenues now, a little bit above 20% of revenues, it's a mix of basically the -- if you want to call it the hyper-scale next gen type of storage applications as well as our traditional JBOD and had no type of storage, so we've got some very exciting products as Charles mentioned earlier on the other side of the box with regards to JBOD at those size as well as increasing our partnership base out there on the next gen and hyper converge markets.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, I think as we see density increasing and our ability to provide the best dense solutions out there in the market. Historically, you've seeing our ASP continue to grow quite frankly we're at 3,900 this quarter, prior year was 2,600 and if you want to go back a couple of years it was down 1,900 back in fiscal, so you've see continued trend, this increasing quite frankly because of the density of the box and solutions that we're offering, that we're pushing more performance per box into each one of the solutions that we're delivering. And then we add software and support services on to that, that again increases value add to that box.
Howard Hideshima: 5.5 Aaron is basically what we did ship but we couldn’t not recognize because of the [kept in] terms or what have you that were sent out in the but weren't able to recognize because of the delay caused in late deliveries there. The other part that Charles is alluding to is other projects that we have not fulfilled yet because of the product delay, components delays that is a larger number.
Howard Hideshima: Aaron I think like I said as you look at the numbers I look at presenting some of that as far as reaching the $2 billion target if we hit the mid-point and then with our EPS growth would be at about $2.15 there. We will take a look at our model at the end of this quarter and then take a look at providing some guidance. 
Howard Hideshima: It’s primarily in the foreign ex I’d like to characterize that as I mentioned we took foreign ex loss this quarter of approximately 700,000 versus about $800,000 gain. So if you flip those two around again those two caused the majority of the change sequentially in our G&A expenses. Typically it’s been fairly stable over the course of the last few quarters that do not. If I had to measure it today we measure it on today’s rate that that would probably turn into about $3,000 gain. So again we’ll take a look at breaking it out separately and looking at other means to potentially hedge it what have you.
Howard Hideshima: Well I think today in my cash conversion should hopefully come down I think was impacted a bit by the inventory this time around, also I wanted to note the property itself we spent about 8.5 million during the quarter in property and we will continue to make some investments there but we do believe it’s going to be a positive. 
Howard Hideshima: 46%, Rich it was the utilization number. I want to also tie back on a question you had earlier potentially was the operating expenses about. We do see leverage out there I talked a bit with Aaron with regards to the effect of foreign-ex. We do see, continue to see leverage out of that. We are making investments in our software and support and those types of areas in sales people but we do continue to see and keep an eye on our operating expenses so we can get leverage there.
