Charles Liang: Yeah. Indeed our confidence is very good. So, again, because of the economic headwinds, so we try to be more conservative here. But at least 20% year-over-year growth and we expect -- we hope more than that for sure.
Charles Liang: Yeah. The general IT market has slowed down a little bit, but this year we have a lot of high-end high computing, especially GPU product line that we saw a very strong demand. So, overall, our growth will be strong.
Charles Liang: Yeah. But at the same time, we are also greatly growing our operating NIM through our channel, through retail and also through online business. So we try to balance the growth between the large accounts and a lot of small account. And so we are…
Charles Liang: Yeah. I’m going to Q1, we have some customer postponed shipping right? But at the same time, some other customers growing and they want a high-end, especially GPU product line. And for those high-end GP product line and new design, yes, we have some key component shortage, including GPU/CPU combination and kind of high power thermal solution. So we did a very big effort to prove in those components and now situation have been dramatically improved. That’s why we are pleased for June quarter.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Although, like David said, recently cash flow a little bit high, but will be very safe. I would have to say, we will be super safe and a little bit tight, because we would pay -- purchase a lot of components for growing June quarter and following the September quarter. I believe June and September quarter will be very strong, especially September quarter, we would say. So we had to prepare components and that’s why cash flow will be a little bit high, but will be super safe.
Charles Liang: Very good question. Indeed, the June quarter, our demand is very strong, because of the component shortage. So, at this moment, we try to be conservative. So that’s why we share with you $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. That’s based on some shortage. If we can find those parts quicker than indeed the June quarter will be much stronger than that. And September quarter, likewise you say, what -- likewise your question is September quarter, we will continue to be very strong, and as well as the December quarter, I believe. So now that really problem is a shortage. So we had to build other components for inventory. At the same time, we are not quite sure how much we can grow in this quarter. But for sure, $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion should be a very safe number.
Charles Liang: I can add some color. I mean, as I shared, I mean, we are building a $20 billion of revenue, hopefully in midterm and that’s why a grow our capacity and support a large customer is very important to us. Once our volume becomes higher, our costs will be improved and then business operation efficiency will be higher. So we are doing better great way to grow our revenue. And so, I mean, once we start to reach that number under $10 billion to $20 billion, I guess, our gross margin will start to grow, because we won’t always invest for big growth after that.
David Weigand: Yeah. So, Nehal, we -- yeah. Back two years ago, we gave a 17% to 21% -- 23% topline growth. Obviously, we’re in there at a minimum of 20%. And for the gross margins, we continue to, like I said, to wrestle with taking market share and also balancing that against gross margins. But we’re confident with our new manufacturing facilities coming online that we will be able to improve our gross margins. And we also, as we come out of this quarter and we begin to ramp our new product offerings that we will be able to improve margins as well.
David Weigand: So we did have a new 10% customer this quarter. They’re not a new customer, but they’re a new 10% customer. And we expect from time -- from quarter-to-quarter, Nehal, depending on the delivery of these -- of our design wins, we will see other customers over -- achieve over 10% of our revenue. So that will continue to happen.
David Weigand: Sure. There was a shift -- there was a dramatic shift toward new AI solutions, Mehdi. And so therefore, it was larger than anyone expected and so the parts availability constrained the amount of shipments that we could do. Obviously, we anticipated a slower quarter, because the third quarter is seasonally slower and we also mentioned -- you’re correct, we also mentioned some customers that tapped the brakes and moved out to Q2. But it was really the component shortages that hit us this quarter.
David Weigand: Yeah. I think, as we go out, Mehdi, I think, that’s a good question, because we will -- working capital wise is this fourth quarter is going to be challenging for me, because we are going to be moving -- acquiring a lot of inventory. And so it will -- that will challenge our cash flows during this quarter. So that’s something -- the timing of inventory and shipments is critical. And as going into this Q4 or ending Q3, we were building inventory, and yet at the same time, as Charles mentioned, we couldn’t ship things, because we didn’t have every -- all the parts that we needed. So we’re growing inventory at the same time that we’re constrained on shipping. So what that does is it caused our working capital metrics to go down a little bit and that’s evident in our cash conversion cycle. But I would say that in spite of that, we generated some of our best cash flow. We generated $200 -- almost $200 million in cash flow and we returned $150 million of that to the shareholders. So, what I would say is that, yeah, going into Q4, we -- cash flow is very important. But, I think, ultimately, the business has shown that it generates very good cash flows.
David Weigand: Yeah. So we’re looking at it and on -- in the -- your latter alternative, Ananda, and here’s why. So right now, there’s three things that we’ve been facing. We’re having to face more air transportation costs in order to make our deliveries. So that impacts our margin. And also, we’re having to pay other expedite fees. That impacts our margin. Number two, we ran a lot less through our factories than in Q3 than we did in Q2. So your margin efficiency, your ability to spread your fixed costs, it’s tremendously impacted on a smaller scale. So as we scale up, we improve our margins. Thirdly, the -- as we ramped our new product offerings, there is an efficiency on these new -- on the production of these new products. So we are going to improve the efficiency of these products, which will improve the margin. And so those three things alone speak to margin improvements. But again, we are -- we have -- we believe we have best-of-breed AI products. And those are in high demand and people are coming to us and so we’re going to -- we’re very strategic about taking the market.
David Weigand: Let’s see. That sounds about -- on a non-- we have -- we gave both GAAP and non-GAAP guidance, Mehdi.
David Weigand: And that includes $10 million in expected stock-based comp. So that would -- that means $135 million for non-GAAP.
