Perry Hayes: Good afternoon, and thank you for attending Super Micro's business update conference call for the first fiscal quarter 2018, which ended September 30, 2017. As previously disclosed by the company, additional time is needed for the company to compile and analyze certain information and documentation and finalize its financial statements as well as complete a related audit committee review in order to permit the company's independent registered public accounting firm to complete its audit of the financial statements to be incorporated in the Form 10-K and complete its audit of the company's internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017.  Based on these delays, during today's conference call, Super Micro will address business and market trends from the first fiscal quarter of 2018 and will discuss estimated financial results -- but reference to any financial results are preliminary and subject to change based on finalized results contained in future filings with the SEC. By now you should have received a copy of today's news release that was distributed at the close of regular trading and is available on the company's website.  Before we start, I'll remind you that our remarks include forward-looking statements. There are a number of risk factors that could cause Super Micro's future results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available from the Investor Relations page at Super Micro's website. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Most of today's presentation will refer to non-GAAP financial results and outlooks.  At the end of today's prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session, which sell-side analysts will be permitted to ask questions. Questions should be directed to the company's business update covered in today's call. The company will not address any questions regarding the delay in the filing of the company's 10-K.  I'll now turn the call over to Charles Liang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Perry Hayes: Thank you, Charles. As indicated previously, we will have a Q&A session in which sell-side analysts would -- permitted to ask questions. I would like to remind you that your questions should be directed to the business update that we have provided. We will not answer any questions related to the delayed filing of our 10-K.  Operator, at this time, we're ready for questions. 
Perry Hayes: Thanks very much. It’s a good question. We feel pretty confident that in the revenue number that we've indicated today, that it is within a prudent range. And even though we really can't provide a total -- a complete baseline yet because 2017 isn't finalized, we do feel confident that within this range that we've indicated, at $675 million to $685 million, that it is an appropriate range. Going forward, we are continuing with the momentum of business that we've had in the past, if you look back to starting with last December, and it's based on a great mix of new customers and market verticals that are all growing, as you can see from what we've reported. So we feel pretty confident. In addition, as we've been saying for several quarters as well, we think that we'll end the calendar quarter at a $3 billion run rate. And Charles has just reiterated that in his remarks. 
Perry Hayes: Well, we do think it's important to provide trend and the growth indicate -- direction of growth. And it was also indicated in the current quarter number, which we just provided you as well. 
Perry Hayes: Yes, I think you can safely say what we've been doing over the past several quarters, we are continuing to do that. We are continuing to hold inventory going into the quarter. It's still not enough to see us through the whole quarter. As we've talked with investors previously, we are, during the quarter at some point, still acquiring inventory to support our customers. 
Perry Hayes: No. Everything is pretty much the same. We have a great business. We wanted to do this business update because it is a very strong business. It is growing very strongly, and we have tremendous opportunities. As Charles mentioned in his remarks, we have great opportunities in new projects with some of the leading semiconductor companies for revolutionary designs in AI. And as a result of that, we've added some engineering headcount in the previous quarter. That is one of the things that impacted operating expense somewhat this quarter. But no, everything is on track. 
Perry Hayes: Yes. Storage business was -- we called out here that it's greater than 20% of the entire business. It continues to grow. In fact, I think you could say this quarter, we actually saw our open storage grow a bit faster based on some of these designs, which Charles called out, especially the top load, especially some of the NVMe solutions, they're growing very rapidly. 
Perry Hayes: Yes, sure. We said storage was greater than 20% of our business; accelerated computing, also 11% -- well, greater than 11%. IDC was approximately 10%; IoT, again, approximately 10%; channel was sort of mid- to low 40% of total business; and enterprise was approximately mid single digit, call it, 5%, a little bit more than 5%. 
Perry Hayes: It always is something that's in the back of our minds. At this point in time, we want to invest in our business to provide a greater return for shareholders. 
Perry Hayes: That is not correct, Nehal. We haven't provided that level of detail. Cash was up somewhat higher than it was on the previous quarter, and that's pretty much the extent of what we've provided. 
Perry Hayes: Yes, what we talked about is X11 platforms. X11 platforms represents the Skylake. It also represents -- a portion of it is UP and DP. But overall, X11 represented approximately 12% of the total processors that we shipped out. 
Perry Hayes: We can't -- well, as we've been saying, we're very much in the early days of the ramp, okay. And the DP portion of X11 is still ahead of us. We'll get a little bit more here in the December quarter, probably improve quite a bit. And then really, the ramp starts to take hold beginning the calendar year. As you know, that would be about 6 months since the launch, and that's when -- there starts to be a lot more allocation in the market. Gross margins, overall, were impacted by seasonal utilization, impacted by geographic mix with strong China revenue, impacted somewhat by product mix to more component-reliant systems. Plus, we're also in this transition phase from a mature Grantley life cycle technology to the new Xeon Skylake family, and so that's still going on. And yes, there were some continuing component pricing at SSD and DRAM issues. 
Charles Liang: Yes. I guess the memory price [indiscernible] is a little busy this quarter again. But this mean we have a good inventory, I mean, in good relationship with vendor. So we believe business will continue to grow smoothly. 
Charles Liang: Kind of mixed. But the overall memory is in good condition -- in a good condition, I would like to say overall. 
Charles Liang: Especially the new processors, Skylake and NVMe product line have been all ready to ship. So we believe that business will continue to grow strongly. 
Charles Liang: For the big data, AI, HPC, and we have been growing very well, including storage solution in -- for that market. 
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we're looking forward to talking to you at the end -- in the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day. 
