Kevin Bauer: Yes. Mehdi, thanks for the questions. So I think the first one, in terms of systems versus subsystems, we talked a little bit about how sequentially we had some good systems purchases by enterprise customers that were project-related in the fourth quarter. Oftentimes, we get that in the December quarter and the June quarter, and those were down quarter-over-quarter. So that's primarily one of the drivers of systems being down. And then to your second question, as it relates to inventory, yes, we did build quite a bit of inventory during the quarter, as I had described, trying to get ahead of the ball game in terms of any supply issues that were out there. We will potentially continue to build inventories during the course of this quarter. I think it all depends on what we bought and then the success of our sales coming out in this quarter as well, but still in a defensive posture until we feel a little bit more comfortable about seeing the supply situation in terms of lead times coming down a little bit and then feeling a little bit better about not being bit by any logistic issues.
Kevin Bauer: Well, I'll take the first question, and then I'll let Charles speak to the second question. As it relates to the first question, Aaron, we always exit the quarter with some portion of our demand not being able to be shipped because of shortages. That was true this quarter as well.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. I think, Aaron, that's another area that we hope to be a little bit more discrete about in Analyst Day.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So I kind of shared that we -- first of all, the March quarter is always a difficult quarter because of the fact that you have Lunar New Year there. So typically, what we see is that it's pretty slow in the first 2 months and then we try to predict what the third month was. This year was no different than any other. And as we guide into the March quarter -- I'm sorry, in the month of March, things turned around. We saw a solid line of sight to be able to hit the bottom of range that we were at. We were able to navigate the last two weeks as it relates to the disruptions of the workforce. And because of that, we're -- unlike others, at that time, we did not just pull guidance. We decided to wait and be able to give a new guidance in the first week of April. Thereafter, as I've said, we've seen continuing demand as compared to our metrics. So backlog plus shipped were a little bit ahead as compared to quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. But the visibility is still very murky out there with COVID-19. We don't know the rate of people going back to work or anything like that. It's still fuzzy.
Kevin Bauer: On a year-over-year basis, it is up, that's what I said, in terms of our backlog and shipments as of this time.
Kevin Bauer: There are a number of reasons, some of which is that, at this time, especially over the last few weeks, we've had to confirm that our customers are able to receive the products, having people work on the dock to receive it. So we can't just ship product to them and have it left on their dock with no attention there. So there's a number of things like that, that are little practical items that we need to go through in greater pain than under normal times.
Kevin Bauer: Well, yes, we had a pretty good product mix in that quarter. So we'll see what the product mix is when we get done in the second calendar quarter as well. Jon, now that you're on the phone, I'm going to answer a question that you're not asking because I got nudged by someone here. And that is that I wanted to highlight that in my prepared remarks, I said that our going-forward tax rate is 20%. That's our long-term going-forward tax rate, which we're still believing will apply to 2021. But obviously, we had some favorable tax treatments in the March quarter. And for this year, we expect that because of the fact that we -- our employees can now trade their options and sell shares. We're starting to get some stock comp windfall. And also, we've been able to conclude on some old tax audits. So for this year, we think the GAAP tax rate for the full year is going to be more like in the mid-teens on a GAAP basis and maybe as low as 10% on a non-GAAP basis. So I wanted to clarify that because...
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So we will be continuing to invest. As Charles had outlined, we're still moving to be able to grow, more so in Taiwan than others, but trying to be careful and trying to be smart as the economy reveals itself.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. Sure. So Mehdi, I'll step back and highlight the fact that we said that we reached out to roughly about shareholders that held about 45% of our shares to be able to craft these things. And so these are cash awards. But because of the fact that most of them have performance conditions, we have to use a Monte Carlo analysis to determine how to spread the expense over time. I think I mentioned that we had roughly about $10 million in expense this quarter. And in the next quarter, I think I said it was about $16 million to $17 million. And then there's going to be -- after that, I would expect that it's going to come down dramatically, and there will be a tail over the course of time that would be far less material as it goes. So that's the way that the expense would be spread. And then I highlighted the fact that there will be payments that will hit our cash balance in this June, as some of those conditions have been successfully met.
Kevin Bauer: I'm sorry. I think I've misdescribed it for you. So what I said was, is -- let me just make sure here, let me go back and refer to what I said here.
Kevin Bauer: It was down, Mehdi. And I explained that it was driven by enterprise customers who executed on capacity projects in the fourth quarter, took a pause in the March quarter. And what I said was that by looking at what they're doing in the June quarter, they're coming back a little bit. Also, on that cash award comp, remember, we're not GAAP-ing that out. Don't forget that.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So Aaron, I think that you just take it from a revenue perspective, that could be maybe getting us to $4 billion or a little bit better. The capacity is there. Obviously, the labor capacity would be increased, as needed, over time.
Charles Liang: Yes. As you may know, I mean, memory and SSD has been shortage in the market for few quarters, especially recently. That's why we shipped more memory -- I mean SSD. As to CPU and GPU, we manage relatively very well. Yes, June quarter, you already have a kind of high season. That's why we prepare a little bit more to make sure we won't have a shortage to our customer.
Charles Liang: Yes. And that's why we are watching very carefully. It's a daily base, and then we keep kind of enough SSD and DRAM as of this moment. So I believe our inventory level today should be pretty efficient to support our June quarter demand. And as for the pricing, I mean, it's hard to say. It depends on the coronavirus situation, right? At this moment, looks like it's still kind of not predictable, but we kind of keep relatively in a very high confidence level, a little bit higher inventory, but we believe we need them either this quarter or in the next few months.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you for the question. As you know, we just finished the 10K today, kind of a long-term program. So now we are recovering -- I mean recovering in our business, get back to a normal faster growth mode like we had in last 25 years. So I mean, other than our organic enterprise, service, storage and channel business, we are ready to fully focus on our 5G, Edge and telco market as well. So we have a dedicated team focused in that area and believe it will start to grow strongly. And the other area, kind of like a large data center and public cloud, yes, before our capacity was limited, especially in U.S.A.. And in the last few years, we extend our capacity pretty successfully in Taipei. So now we have an extra capacity in Taipei, and we believe it's beneficial to ourselves, our shareholders, to focus on large-scale cloud and to grow our economic scale. And we will be selective to grow that deal and make sure it's a positive for company. As to software and global service, I believe we shared a couple of times in our quarter end conference call, and it's continued stably growing business. With software, especially management software and our fully efficient global service, we are able to approach more enterprise customer, cloud -- private cloud and public cloud around the world. So we feel pretty comfortable to recover our faster growth business model now.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you. Very good question. The coronavirus indeed created a big trouble for people around the world, but it also created some strong demand for people. For example, people work for home and people stay at home, so they need a lot of networking service. So we saw a large data center communication company and other security-related organization, their demand indeed increasing kind of strongly. So good part is we have been preparing 5G, Edge and telco business since about last year. So those products are getting mature. And we gained -- getting ever more customer commit to those product. So I mean, overall, I feel optimistic for our future growth, although it has to be very carefully watched, the coronavirus. As of this moment, I feel basically positive.
Charles Liang: Yes. As you may know, our building-blocks solution have been helping us a lot with a lot of customer-specific application or some modification to optimize their data center structure. We are able to modify from our existing building block solution. Instead of a completely new design that may take people 1 year or 6 months, in most of our case, it took us a much shorter time frame, 2 months to 3 months. We are able to optimize exactly the application customer want, so including 5G, Edge and telco market, I just mentioned. So a lot of that, we are able to quickly win on some good commitment from certain really large-scale customers.
Charles Liang: Yes. Unless in second half, coronavirus global situation really improve, and we hope so, and then our inventory had to grow again to meet the growth.
Charles Liang: Yes. Very good question. Indeed, the data center and cloud are not new to us. We have been always have a cloud data center business but before with limited production capacity from the U.S.A., especially. That's why we very carefully control to engage with more cloud or large data centers. But now in the last two years, especially, we grow our capacity in Taiwan a lot. So now we have extra capacity and a very good product for cloud, especially private cloud as well. And now even for public cloud, we have specifically optimized solution for that. So we are kind of carefully select some customers, some partners to support them. And the volume can be big, but it will be under careful control.
Charles Liang: Yes. Indeed, both. Indeed, in last many years, we have been always have a large cloud partner. It was just because our capacity was limited. That's why we selected to support them. But now with more capacity available, especially in Taipei, we are ready to be more aggressive to engage with them.
Charles Liang: Indeed, our operation have a major portion based in Silicon Valley, right, not since 20 years ago. And then we grew big capacity in Taipei since about 10 years ago. And then our capacity in Taipei has been very big. So that's why now, our major production operation business is still based in the U.S.A. and then Taipei and then some portion in Netherlands, B.V., right? And in China, indeed, a portion have been very limited.
Charles Liang: I can provide a rough view and picture, and Kevin maybe later can provide more detail. Basically, we have a huge expansion already in -- both in U.S.A. and Taipei. So overall, today, roughly, we have 30% extra capacity, both U.S.A. and Taipei. And that's why we are ready to grow significantly in the telco market and even the public cloud market. And especially in Taipei, now we are very aggressively increased our operation and production and service capacity because as you know, the cost from Taipei is relatively less than 50% of Silicon Valley. So we, for sure, would like to take that advantage, and it's about right time now. So our actual growth in Taipei can be pretty big.
Charles Liang: Thank you, everyone. We are ready to grow faster now and see you next week -- next quarter, sorry. Thank you.
Ananda Baruah: A couple, if I could. Charles, Kevin, congratulations on the crisp execution as well. Yes, two, if I could. I guess the first is -- and I apologize if you've already spoken to this and I missed it. But Charles, in the press release, you talked about how key application adoption, I think you say all of which is accelerating as a result of COVID, and I was wondering if you could talk with a little more context as to what you're seeing there with regards to acceleration. And it sounds like you guys are leasing some good follow-through, so would love to get some context around sort of what types of applications you're seeing accelerated. You think maybe there could be some bit of a structural change, not just a little pull-forward and any other context you think that would be useful for us. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Ananda Baruah: That's great. And it may be too early to ask this next question. But are you able to develop any sort of opinion on if there's going to be any degree of structural change in customer -- not consumer, your customer behavior such that maybe the level of dollar spend on those types of applications you benefit from could remain elevated given everything that's taken place? I know it's early, and I know there's a lot of opinions about that. But if you feel like you've been able to develop on that, I'd love to hear what it is.
Ananda Baruah: Okay. And I guess my next question is then, to the extent you can share, can you talk about sort of from a customer perspective, not specific names, but would you be, on a public cloud basis, providing that -- those solutions into U.S. hyperscalers, China hyperscalers? I mean, China would make sense because they're being produced so closely. But any context there you can provide would be helpful, too.
