Charles Liang: Yes, I mean, as you know, we had spent a local for April to engage high profile accounts in last 3 months and I'd like to share we see it as we achieved an achievement. So now we grow a lot of high profile account and those account, lots of them start August and that's why we see March, we already have a strong quarter and then Q1 until our June quarter we are very strong, would it be the first time over $1 billion. In September, Steel, we see that pipeline is strong as well. Shortage, we will soon reach our, kind of a long-term pattern very closely and the shelter in this situation continue to be very tough, but as of today, our home is, the home is from our vendors have been praising you good. So I feel pretty comfortable, although there are strategy everywhere.
Charles Liang: For most account indeed our customer happy to accept the higher price basically chip what has been healthy margin and viable pay course, we pay most of the customer happy to expect because it's kind of surprise basically. So we were to valuable customers will negotiate, based condition, for our sale for our customer but this year, most of the Spain. And we expect that close.
Charles Liang: Well this is difficult question. Indeed we happen maturity, we have since many months ago. So yes, you are right, we had increased our inventory since I would say three months, potentially ago. So we have been lacking in that area, but still our inventory limited. We saw growing very strong demand, very soon. I mean, we had to kind of our pay higher for our newly entered this year.
Charles Liang: Yes, thank you. Yes, it is. Again, we have been growing well in our 5G and telco. So we saw dip in some volume in March quarter and we have a more and more telco 5G customer continued to engage or start to grow didn't have their demand, not a very good time to us. And that part of our remedy well. Other than that, you know, kind of a mega price and the senior contact very prevalent for other medical improvement. We also again some good traction there and high performance account especially private cloud and some HPC especially, HPC with new isolate in Milan in Nvidia new GPU that consume much more power than before and not by dip coding, had been we come out of as well. So it's cloud service is also for HPC customer with our very optimize dip coding solutions.
Charles Liang: Beneath IP, we sort our existing account are growing their demand. And that's why we have extend our capacity, especially in Asia quickly and with higher very high scale so also we are again engaged in a have lots of high-profile counting in your mines and those are going to start order and we will continue engage those high-profile accounts. We have enhanced our sales team including our B2B automation system that we are here, and all cut into sales. So our sales inputs more high-profile account now. So I too believe very strongly that there also have speeding up quarter-after-quarter and year-over-year.
Charles Liang: We will stop of buying the stock back for this quarter that region is because our business, we have got our base strong and we need more cash flow to prepare inventory,
Charles Liang: You're are right over, we have a customer kind of require for Intel CPU, AMD CPU and NVIDIA GPU. So as it is moment we feel, it's hopefully a strong demand and also see some, the price changes as well this year.
Charles Liang: It's a combination. We have a lot of customer need new GPUs solution from Nidia, so now the Nvidia GPU has done is I say, some in the lag. So yes, most of the girls I believe with new our new product but even existing product we see a strong demand the whole limitation is kind of a shortage, so we are working very hard to improve our situation.
Charles Liang: First, I mean that we have a long-term contract and relationship with our supplier that happen as people with cost or kind of most or at least a stable and yes, most of the plasma also except our case through the cost so in both situation I feel we are in good condition.
Charles Liang: Now, gross margin pretty much because of shipping charge. It's basically some ship of the year. As you know, how the COVID-19, the ship by air cost grew about got triple, and they will not be there but in that few quarter that is the situation and also because of demand strong, so we have the production and we, in some case we had to pay extra to our vendors to our own delivery.
Ananda Baruah: Yes, good afternoon and thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the results and I'm putting them up just after you've done the analyst event. So and that's pretty exciting to see. I guess a couple of follow-one to the direction that Mehdi was kind of asking questions could you give a little, a little more context in the key vertical areas where you're seeing the most pronounced order pick options and I guess kind of, off the top of my head, I'm thinking, hyperscale cloud customers versus large enterprise customers like on premise and also the carriers for 5G and I know there's new activity going on in all of in each of the buckets. But just interested in getting context to where you're seeing the most pronounced pickup, appreciate it. And I have a further follow up or two. Thanks.
Ananda Baruah: And Charles in your prepared remarks, you imagine accelerating revenue growth, I think you said in the coming quarters. As well as kind of in the coming years as I guess coming quarters, I don't want to pin you down too much, but should we expect, can that occur over the next four quarters and how much I guess, do you have, it is a situation where you think like timeline next, let's say, four quarters do you feel like you have the account traction currently to do that or does that involve new account.
Ananda Baruah: And last one for me, is it July, if I am remembering accurately June, that the new Taiwan center is opening up for production.
Jonathan Tanwanteng: Hi guys. Thank you for taking the questions and very nice quarter and nice to see that demand out there. My first question is what kind of gross margins do you think you can get in the September quarter and I know there's a lot of moving parts but, especially given the inflationary environment, you your new facility coming online which should lower your costs. You have the new sales tools, which improve your efficiency, I think you alluded also that you're burning through your strategic inventory lower costs, so I'm just wondering with all the puts and takes, do you thinking you can improve from the quarter into the September quarter and beyond that.
Jonathan Tanwanteng: Okay, great, thank you for that and David, can you actually talk about your expected -- your expectations on cash flow, as we get through the next couple of quarters, I know you used a lot this quarter types of these buybacks as well, but as demand ramps. Do you see yourself using more cash, or do you think you alone, you've collect some of that back. Just your general thoughts.
Jonathan Tanwanteng: Do you think you'll be cash flow positive in the next quarter or after I guess something that there in Taiwan.
David Weigand: Yes, so as Jon, as we mentioned the ASPs are up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. So we were looking forward to improving our margins toward us as we outlined back on March 4th of 14% to 17%. So I think that's our general guidance.
David Weigand: Sure. That's a good question. We because we returned $43 million back to the shareholders this quarter, in addition to growing accounts receivable and inventory. And so, and also continuing our capital improvements in Taiwan. So as we complete our build-out in Taiwan. The cash demands will abate over there and also we've already grown our inventory now to over $900 million. And so, we expect that the growth rate of inventory is not going to be the same as it was during this quarter. So this quarter was especially demanding because we had such a -- we had such high demand. And so we don't, the rate of acceleration will not be the same.
David Weigand: Yes, it's going to depend on, it's going to depend on our growth and so that's really what it comes down to is how is -- if we go. If we exceed our growth target.
