Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. We're now reaping the benefits of our very strong ambitions that we have built over a long period of time. This quarter's revenue was the strongest third quarter in our history and again, demonstrates the advantages of our product portfolio across many different verticals, especially among our enterprise customers. With that, I'm very confident that our strong foundation and products will make Super Micro one of the most successful companies in the IT industry. Operator, at this time, we're ready for questions.
Charles Liang: I guess it's both. Because of that shortage, we saw some [indiscernible] relationship and the other reason is that because the price rose, so we had to raise the price to customer. So that, too, did impact our business.
Charles Liang: Looks like both fee dwen and flash memory, SSD will continue to rose in price, but where we also get in accessorized. So won't grow that much as the last few quarter. I would have to say, for example, in module. In last 3 quarter, the price had been grow almost double. So next quarter or 2 quarter I guess, the growth will be slower.
Charles Liang: Yes, the good news is Skylake, our product have been developing very smoothly. So today, we have almost complete product line ready to ship and we already promised to some customer start ship early next month. And India official launch, I believe, is still early July.
Charles Liang: For China, I believe still our NVMe and SSD product line have been very attractive in the market. And also, kind of high-density storage as well as GPU for AI, I mean, machine learning, people learning, those areas have been growing very strongly in China market.
Charles Liang: Yes. Indeed, next-gen storage will continue to grow customers. And also, our customer are growing. Plus, we have a more -- new architectural advantage for the market. For example coming soon, Op10 from Intel and as well as the people -- some people call JBOF -- JBOD for fresh solution. So we have a very strong product and lots of new architecture is coming.
Charles Liang: Theoretically it will, but because memory and SSD prices are rising very fast, so that may offset our margin for short term. But long term, yes.
Charles Liang: And the good thing is we start again impede to say lots of new customers, new private cloud especially that help our business grow for long term. And as to the, you just mentioned some of our customer was bought by a big company. We're improving that relationship. So it looks like so far so good.
Charles Liang: Indeed, for both storage and GPU as well as Xeon-Phi total market share, I believe we will continue to grow in 2 area. One is we continue to have more customer, especially enterprise corporate customer. And also, we're working with a superscale company as well. So once we have good product, I mean, we're openminded to work with any customer.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Mark, this is Howard, thanks. Again, December as a quarter, we don't typically guide gross margin. But December as a quarter is usually a very seasonally strong quarter compared to -- I'm sorry. The June quarter is particularly a strong quarter compared to the March quarter. So typically, it's not as competitive as the March quarter. So we get usually a margin boost from that. However, as Charles alluded to, the tightness in SSD and memory is still out there. We're saying we're doing our best to manage our way through that and have done better, I think, probably in the last quarter versus the September quarter. So we're -- December quarter. So we're going to continue to do that as well.
Howard Hideshima: We're okay with regards to cash position, Mark and we have lines of credit that we can draw upon and can expand it and access the capital there.
Howard Hideshima: We're preparing right now for the launch -- for the Skylake launch coming up here. So some of the inventory build from this last quarter was for a part of that per se and then part of that was for the larger quarter. So if you look at the end of the June quarter, typically, you'll see a decline in our inventories because we come out of a seasonally strong quarter going into somewhat of a seasonally weak quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Okay. Alex, thanks. With regards to the Internet, data center, cloud area, we noted in the call that represented about 10.7% of our revenues in the previous quarter, in the March quarter. That's down from 26% last year. You'll recall that we had about a 12% customer last year that we did in the greenfield opportunities and build-outs there. But that's a customer -- still purchasing from, but that's majority of the decrease that happened between years per se. As we talk about going forward, we're still selling to that customer. And again, with the technology refresh cycle coming up, it presents opportunities for us to do, again, not just refreshes with them but with other customers as well. So we're pretty bullish on the Internet, data center vertical for ourselves going forward as well as we enter there.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, there's still pressure out there, yes. I mean, if you look at the 40 basis points of decline in our gross margin sequentially, 10 basis points was attributable to the utilization per se. If there was not any of this memory type stuff, I believe it's fair to say that we would have gotten most of that back.
Howard Hideshima: It could have been higher. I mean, we also had the geographic that was in there that weighed us down a bit.
Howard Hideshima: Well, I think if you look at the decline quarter-over quarter, again, it went from about 13.8% of revenues in the prior quarter to about 10%. If you look at our seasonality again and not to say that they're totally tied to seasonality, you'll see us anywhere from 6% to 17% down sequentially over the last couple of years. So some of this has to do with seasonality. I wouldn't say that it was a decline or a loss of opportunities. I think we feel pretty good that we have more opportunities going forward and stronger in that segment than we have in previous quarters.
Howard Hideshima: The revenue from the channel, again, the percentage of revenues, again, we're -- fairly stable there with regards to our -- them being about 46% this current quarter and then 46% in the prior quarter. So on an overall percentage basis, they were fairly stable.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Brian, this is Howard. If you talk about like, for example -- one person talked about Nimble and HP in the storage area, our storage area is very strong still. And if it's EMC you're referring to with regards to Dell, going back, it's -- again, in the storage area, we're continuing to do great in the storage area, as Charles alluded to. And we're getting more customers in that base as we go. So again, we're not seeing it slow down or just being -- because of our partners doing mergers that we're gaining more traction in that area.
Howard Hideshima: This is Howard again. The OpEx this quarter was affected primarily -- one of the major increases was basically the translational ForEx gain/loss. So again, that would -- you can -- we don't predict that per se or fill that into our planning. But again, excluding that, I think the first quarter is always the toughest at tax rates. Our people's tax deductions get reset and what have you. So that rolls into the compensation expense. As we go throughout the year, that gets filled up and it gets taken off from there. Apart from that, we're still focused on leveraging our op expense investment that we have made. So again, grow our revenues faster and we're going to roll our operating expenses and see that leverage drop to the bottom line.
