Perry Hayes: Good afternoon, and thank you, for attending Supermicro's business update conference call for the third quarter fiscal 2018, which ended March 31, 2018. As announced in our press release earlier today, the company has completed the previously disclosed investigation conducted by the audit committee. In furtherance of the preparation of the financial statements, the audit committee is overseeing additional testing that the company believes is nearing completion. To date, the company's cash flows have not been impacted by the findings of the investigation or the additional testing. Additional time is required to analyze any impact of the results of the investigation and additional testing on the company's historical financial statements as well as to complete additional reviews before the company will be able to finalize its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017. Otherwise known as the 2017 10-K. The company presented an updated compliance plan to the NASDAQ stock market hearings panel on April 26, 2018. And the company requested an additional exception period for continued listing of its common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, through August 24, 2018, in order for it to complete and file its 2017 10-K and subsequent delinquent SEC quarterly filings. The company is unable at this time to provide a date as to when the 2017 10-K will be filed or to predict whether the company's historical financial statements will be adjusted or, if so, the amount of any such adjustments. The company intends to file its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30 and December 31, 2017, and March 31, 2018, promptly after filing the 2017's 10-K. Based on these delays, during today's conference call Supermicro will address business and market trends from the third fiscal quarter of 2018 and will discuss estimated financial results. But reference to any financial results are preliminary and subject to change based on finalized results contained in future filings with the SEC. By now, you should have received a copy of today's news release that was distributed at the close regular trading and is available on the company's website. Before we start, I'll remind you, that our remarks include forward-looking statements. There are number of risk factors that could cause Supermicro's future results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our most recent 10-K and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available from the Investor Relations page of Supermicro's website. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Most of today's presentation will refer to non-GAAP financial results and outlooks. At the end of today's prepared remarks, we'll have a Q&A session, which sell-side analysts will be permitted to ask questions. Questions should be directed to the company's business update covered in today's call. The company will not address any questions regarding the audit committee investigation or the delay in the filing of the company's 10-K. I'll now turn the call over to Charles Liang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Perry Hayes: I think one other little unique item for the quarters is that we took a little bit more in E&O provision as well.
Perry Hayes: Yes, so under the new revolver as I mentioned we, upon getting funding, we actually drew down less than what our existing balances were. And what I was trying to signal to you, as we go forward is that our cash balances will probably be smaller than they had been historically. And we're going to be borrowing just in time to a greater extent so that we can mute the interest cost impact of the rate while we're in this period of where the rate is more expensive.
Perry Hayes: So, Aaron, as you know prior to this additional building, which we talked about today on the call. We had a capacity in the neighborhood of $3.5 billion. And that fit nicely with the run rate that we're on. With the additional capacity, we're above that now, we're more in the range of $4 billion to $5 billion.
Perry Hayes: Year-over-year. Yes. So, as it relates to year-over-year in terms of [IBC and non-IBC.] Yes. So, I think, quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. So non-IBC, I think, enterprise, as Charles highlighted, was 244% and enterprise was like about 54%.
Perry Hayes: Big question. So, when it comes to GPU, that's included in our high-performance computing or in AI. So, we just shared that year-over-year that grew 102% so that's within our current tracking. So, you'd want to keep your eye on that.
Perry Hayes: Nehal, now I'm going to answer that question. The syndicate that we had actually was, as you pointed out was, broad. We increased a number of our relationships with a number of new banks that joined and in addition to that, I will also tell you that the commitments were oversubscribed and we had to cut back. So, it worked out very well for us. Not only did it increase the facility size but also new banking relationships for the company.
Perry Hayes: I'll answer the first half of that. And I'll let Kevin answer the second half of that question. So, with regard to the bank group, as is typical, they are under NDA kind of arrangements with us and so we could provide a bit more information to them than we could to investors who are not under an NDA. So, yes, a little bit more information was provided.
Perry Hayes: I think, it will be positive but modestly, I think, or I expect, that we'll operating in this gross margin range for now, not anything appreciably large but certainly now that I've been on the top for roughly about 90 days and after we get job 1 done in terms of getting our SEC filings done, we'll be able to devote more attention to developing programs internally to improve gross margin over time. And in over time, we'll look forward to sharing progress with you in that regard.
Perry Hayes: Well, facility spending is mostly going to be in the manufacturing arena so it will be hitting gross profit as we turn it on. But it will be at a modest pace. In terms of OpEx we're continuing to invest and hire to scale so it will have some modest up-drift as we go forward.
Perry Hayes: That was just needed to -- for working capital and specifically to buy inventory. Recognize that we closed the new facility in April, which is after March, so there's no history there. That's why I wanted to preview for you that as compared to our current cash balances, don't be surprised in June that our cash balances are going to come down because of the fact that we're going to be much more prudent in terms of borrowing, and managing closer.
Kevin Bauer: Thank you, Charles, and good afternoon, listeners. In addition to the growth rate Charles highlighted on a year-over-year basis, I'd like to provide a longer-term view of our performance. Our success as the third largest supplier in a growing market, it's evidenced by our performance in the following areas, by comparing with the last 12 months to the preceding 12 months. In other words, the last 12 months, as of March 2018 revenue, compared to last 12 months, as of March '17. In the area of accelerated AI and machine learning, our last 12 -- our last 12 months' performance was 148% over the previous 12-month period. In Enterprise, our last 12-month performance was 162% over the previous 12-month period. In IoT and Embedded, our last 12-month performance was 19% over the previous 12-month period. And in Storage, our last 12-month performance was 28% over the previous 12-month period.  Turning to the quarter and sequential comparisons. This quarter we saw our strongest regional growth in EMEA, that was up 63%, offsetting slow performance in China due to the lunar new year holidays. The U.S. remained our biggest market with approximately 46% of revenues. Our estimated range of GAAP gross margin is from 13% to 13.2% and includes stock-based comp of 0.4 million and this quarter accelerated building depreciation expense of 2.6 million, that's related to a partial demolition of a building in our new green computing park. Without these two items, our estimated range of non-GAAP gross margin is from 13.3% to 13.5%. Despite continued component pricing pressure, our gross margin remains stable. I'd like to make a few comments in specific areas of progress made over the last quarter. In financing, we recently closed an expanded new credit facility for an amount of up to $250 million. That increased our domestic borrowing capacity by 60%. In addition, this new facility provides a conversion opportunity to expand borrowing capacity to $400 million, after certain conditions have been met. With this new source of capital, we increased our network of relationship banks and are able to invest in additional working capital to continue to execute on our long-term growth strategy. At the same time, we have exercised our organization to improve on all three facets of the cash conversion cycle, by focusing on customer collections and being more precise about payments to suppliers and the scheduling of incoming inventory materials. We immediately reduced our outstanding balance from the prior loan and that will partially offset the interest related to the loan rate increase during Phase I of the loan facility. In our sales organization, we are pleased with Don Clegg's leadership of the sales team. He has summoned the team's bench strength to step up to new challenges. He has further upgraded the team to bring enhanced professionalism and stronger strategic selling capability to bear in our efforts to win and serve our target customers. Don is emphasizing a stronger team approach, utilizing the company's technical experts, to improve customers' experience. The sales team is retooled and ready to compete and will help us fully achieve Supermicro 3.0 objectives. The SEC filings process. As we stated in our press release and as Perry articulated during the introduction, we continue to expend great effort to complete our financial statements and work with our independent auditor to complete the fiscal year 2017 audit process and ultimately file our delinquent reports with the SEC. As previously indicated, we'll now have a Q&A session, where sell-side analysts will be permitted to ask questions. I'd like to remind you that your questions should be directed to the business update that we just provided and we'll not answer any further questions relating to the audit committee investigation or the delayed filing of our 10-K. Operator, at this time, we're ready for questions.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. Naturally that's going to take some period of time, as I mentioned earlier, we worked on the collection side, being a little bit tighter in terms of not shipping until we saw customers become current, just basic blocking and tackling. On the payment side, we worked to tighten up when we pay customers and then, as I said earlier, we're being more precise about when we bring in inventories, so to the extent where maybe we brought in stock for the whole month in the beginning of the month, I am exercising the organization to be a little bit more just-in-time as it relates to when we bring in inventory. That's going to take some time to bear fruit. So, stay tuned.
Kevin Bauer: In addition to that we held weekly meetings with them where we showed our cash flow and they saw how we, as a new team, managed cash and were very impressed by that. So, I think they gained comfort over the fact that our cash flow continued to be strong and came to their conclusion. As it relates to the additional testing, I'll remind you that we're not going to be answering questions about that. But it's just the continuation of the process to get our arms around all of the issues that occurred during that timeframe. So, as we said, we believe that we think we're nearing completion there and we're working in parallel with other teams to be able to our get our filings done as expeditiously as possible and we'll leave it at that.
Charles Liang: Yes. In enterprises we continue to grow very strongly. Primarily as U.S. based, because of our on-site service and kind of management sort of we all ready now and we also start to extend to Asia and Europe. So, it's kind of global available now. And we anticipate the strong growth to continue.
Charles Liang: As you may know, DRAM and SSD price is getting stabilized, especially as SSD is slightly dropping now. So, this is we're ahead -- or looking forward at gross margin as ERP. And plus, our economical scale continues to grow, they were ahead too.
Charles Liang: Yes, as you may know, right. DRAM continues to have a certain shortage. But much better comparison than before. While -- they see kind of a pricing is gradually dropping now, so that means that the price is more than enough. However, we did see global other components in shortage, including PCB and material and all others small components like PPL. So, it was surprising. But that looks like those small components shortage may continue for many quarters to go.
Charles Liang: I would have to say that more components global shortage had impact our revenue last quarter, even the March quarter. But looking forward, we continue to enhance our relationships and our effort to create a better relationship and a better safety inventory. So hopefully, that impact won't be too big.
Charles Liang: Yes, at the same time, the group ARPU had been very stable -- stably growing, so I personally do not feel cash flow will be a pressure. So, with the new loan system and systems that are here, the cash flow should not be an issue...
Charles Liang: Yes. As you know. We have been faster-growing company from the subsystem to completed system to completed solution and now completed rack, high-speed and kind of completed data center solution. So, we have been growing very aggressively. And that's why economical scale has been always a challenge. The good thing is in all the area I just mentioned, including total solutions and rack scale, now our economic scale has been much better than before. And situation can be only better. So that's why those capacity we prepare will be a big help for our future growth.
Charles Liang: Yes, I guess, overall talking about next few quarters or next few years. We will continue to have a strong growth on both sides. Traditional storage and next gen. Last quarter, specifically 2% only for next gen, I guess is just a coincidence. Though overall there will be a continuous strong growth, both Traditional and next gen.
Charles Liang: I mean as you know we are quickly grow in enterprise and enterprise, we provide total solution. That's why the cash here cycle time is a bit longer. However, we'll continue to work with our customer for kind of better payment terms and we got a very good support from some enterprise customers basically.
Charles Liang: All our customer continued to adopt our product and we also continued to win more new customers and the key reason I believe because our green computing, followed by resource savings. So, the green computing and resource savings solutions is not just save customers energy costs, initial hardware acquisition cost. But also, I mean [indiscernible] and also kind of help our mother earth from its pollution. So, all are positive factors. And we believe we will continue to grow strongly in those areas.
Charles Liang: Yes. Again, most kinds of our multiple like Twin and the Twin Pro and BigTwin product 9 as we're including continued growth resurgence as you describe the customer coming back and then we've had a sprinkling of new customers too.
Charles Liang: Indeed, a major impact, a negative impact in last few quarter is the shortage. Kind of memory shortage, SSD shortage followed by a small component shortage. So, we have been suffering a lot before and [Indiscernible] quarter for shortage and issue and the good thing, the situation is getting better.
Charles Liang: In terms of shortage and the component pricing, I believe looking forward, next few quarter will be in the positive side.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we'll be looking forward to finish fiscal year 2018 on a strong note. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
