Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. The first quarter was another record high for Super Micro, with growth of 43.5% higher year over year. And that, again, outpaced more than multiple times the industry growth rate. Through our innovative product strategy, quality and service, we are in a unique position to take market share, grow revenue, and achieve strong operating income. With that, we are on track to reach our $2 billion run rate milestone very soon. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions. 
Charles Liang: As you know, we ship more and more storage to special OEM accounts, and sometimes that cloud business is ramping up very well to us, including [unintelligible], and those are the sharing resource for private section or kind of some small public cloud. And the new technology [unintelligible] mentioned Haswell and together with our new architecture [unintelligible] rack. And coming soon, [unintelligible] Twin, that will contribute to higher profit margin.
Charles Liang: Yeah, they have some impact for sure. However, our growth has been getting even in other countries like Japan, other countries in Asia. And the ramping of Haswell and [unintelligible] and total solution, that all help us move profit margin. 
Charles Liang: As you know, whenever there’s a new technology refresh, we have a good chance. This time, Haswell especially is a big chance to us. [unintelligible] is a new [BDR] for more challenging technology. We introduced NVMe, especially pretty much in our first hot-swappable NVMe solution provider. All those will help us. And also, our micro [unintelligible] other storage product available one by one. So all those help.
Charles Liang: It depends. Basically from Intel, we should launch [unintelligible] in the first six months for a nice period we have growing business, both revenue and profitability. 
Charles Liang: As you know, we have a complete storage and cloud solution [unintelligible], and that for sure will create a positive impact to our business. And it’s happening now, and will be gradually growing. I would like to say it will take a few quarters or many quarters to ramp up.
Charles Liang: Yeah, we are doing both. One is working with our close partners. The other one is trying to develop some of our own IP as well. 
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking with you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, it’s just ramping now. However, we’re seeing that the ramp is probably about over 50% better than what it was when the Sandy Bridge launch occurred during a similar period. 
Howard Hideshima: It depends on the mix of the servers. During the quarter, we had, again, our storage solutions were a higher mix of our products, and they were more complete systems with that. So again, they can be somewhat lower at times too. It depends on the mix [unintelligible]. 
Howard Hideshima: One thing you’ve got to remember also, this is a seasonally weak quarter typically, and we’ve gone through and grew right beyond those seasonal trends that we’ve had in the past. It’s usually a very competitive time in the industry.  So again, that’s part of, what you want to call a put or take, a take from the margin side of it. You know, the internet data center is historically competitive for us, and that is a positive for it when it goes down, but then you’ve got the total server solutions mix and quite frankly, like I said, as we ship more complete server solutions, with regard to in the storage area, they can tend to drag our margin out a little bit because of higher content of hard disk drives and other types of components. 
Howard Hideshima: It’s actually in the R&D line, and it’s a $1.9 million credit that came back. It’s basically one single time item, so you would put that back, as you look forward, into our numbers.
Howard Hideshima: With regard to our linearity, it hasn’t really changed. We’ve said we’re pretty linear throughout our quarter, throughout our history, indicating around 30% to 40%, that kind of spread in our business. However, we still are a turns type of business.
Howard Hideshima: Quite frankly, usually our service solutions go through to our direct customers and our OEM solutions customers. Again, that’s where usually you see a lot of similarities to the percentages between our complete server solutions business and those other two. It goes less to the channel, although recently, again, you’ve seen those percentages go higher than our distributor reseller business, because the channel is now starting to begin to take our complete server solutions, because, quite frankly, these systems are getting more complicated to put together, and for quality reasons and reliability reasons, they’re looking for us to be putting the systems together. So I think it’s a little bit of the opposite.
Howard Hideshima: Like I said, last time I [attributed] about 4.4% to the R&D tax credit coming back. So again, you’d be around 30 to just below that.
