Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. We were successful this past quarter in growing large share, because we [consistently] application optimized server solutions. Awarded in technology and system architecture, plus now including system management all the way up and service are critical to our future growth. We were continuously focused on our increasing market share by leveraging our world-class products, innovation and brand recognition. Our growth strategy remains intact. Our people are committed to succeed and our opportunities remain as great as ever. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, our hard drive prices getting stable for many quarters already and memory pricing keeping growing since above two to three months ago and we expect these prices are going grow. Because we have a very solid and strong relationship with our suppliers and so we've strong partnership, I believe our supply in the memory should be stable in the coming quarters.
Charles Liang: Yes. It is. In this segment, we feel very optimistic for a couple of reasons. One is our factory. We introduced our product 45 months ago, and the product has been growing very stably and we do see a good demand on the coming quarter and other than that about 16 months ago, we introduced our MicroCloud solution, which is high density for cloud application or web hosting. That product I think grow very well in last 16 months and recently indeed we are planning to introduce another solution. As I just mentioned, it was 6U, so more than 100 Atom pace low power processor and that system I believe outperformed that competition, and so with our Asia facilities, now the utilization doing is growing, our facilities are getting mature, so we do believe we will continue to improve our cost and when that continue to happen, we will be more capable to compete in the high volume period and clarification. So, in this area, I do feel very optimistic.
Charles Liang: Both, I guess, that's why we invested in Asia two years ago to enhance our production capability and close competitive capability. So, now Asian operation is ready, so we are able to compete in Asian market and also with the facility there, we are able to compete low cost high volume server market in U.S.A. and Europe as well. So, I believe that change overall won't impact us too much. We need to have a strong pullback in kind of cost effective solution.
Charles Liang: Yes. We like technology change. New technology always mean better performance for per watt, better performance per dollars. With Ivy Bridge becoming nascent in next few months, we do have a very good forecast and customer commitment from there and also order top three order coming very soon for much faster performance for high end application and also UP, uni-process Intel hardware product line we have around here within next few weeks and we did have really strong product available today. So, from those point of view, I could feel a new product line in [satellites].
Charles Liang: Basically, we already have a certain reasonable and [aver] to say a very positive agreement and the relationship continue to improve basically.
Charles Liang: Those who see formation have a better cost and lower price from certain standard to for certain Big Data standard customer we do want to really expand our Asia facility kind of strongly in last two years, so our facility formation now it is pretty ready and however what customer really need? I mean most of the customer really need is a TCO, basically a TCO, so that mean not just a lower cost from that, but better quality, better optimization, including performance optimization and power saving optimization also including management all the way total solution. So, indeed the most of the market I mean the customers feel, now their TCO in total.
Charles Liang: Yes. I guess the competition is getting stronger if I compare with three years ago, four years ago, so we already understand that. However, our product mix is getting stronger like the MicroCloud, and especially storage, GPU. Also, our purchasing, bargain power is getting stronger too together with our service value and operation with lower cost from Asia. And that's why in next 18 months, we believe 17% can be a reasonable number.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day. Thank you.
Howard Hideshima: Hi. This is Howard. Yes. We've been in discussions obviously with our vendors all the way along and so we are hopeful that we will have things. They are looking to us and we are negotiating with them.
Howard Hideshima: Glenn, this is Howard. Like I said, some of it come back and we are still working with our customers, our providers to get that back and so basically we pull that from the model, per se, in the form of basically just a negotiating with our vendors and put that as improving our purchasing power and our Taiwan facility.
Howard Hideshima: Generally, actually, we're being very prudent with our operating expenses going forward as far as we are making the strategic investments that we need to as Charles alluded to on new products and canalization, but we are going to be keeping a tight handle on it. We've invest a lot of over last year or two.
