Charles Liang: Yeah, thank you for the question. Indeed, the demand is still stronger than supply. So, we have a more supply, we would be able to ship more and we are very happy to continue and grow our capacity, work out betas, even higher support so to grow business even quicker.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Thank you George for the question. In the liquid cooling, we are beating the industry. So, we have a huge capacity ready and have very mature total solution ready, but lots of customer, already rack liquid cooling by their data center, needed some more time to be to ready. I mean their infrastructure needed some more time. So, we believe -- I think liquid cooling will be the trend and we continue to make ourselves ready and try our best to support the customer, including providing some help to their data center infrastructure. So, I believe liquid cooling percentage will continue to grow, but at this moment most of the shipping is still air cooled.
Charles Liang: The good thing is that when we continue to grow our economies of scale, our operation margin indeed will be still able to keep in healthy position.
Charles Liang: Yeah, thank you for the question. Yes, I mean, other than generative deep learning segment continue to grow very strong. Our inferencing opportunity in general CPU customer base also growing. So with AI continuing to be more popular, indeed, so many vertical around the world need more inferencing solutions as well, including private cloud, private kind of data center and [indiscernible]. So, we are approaching continue to grow in [indiscernible] of direction and we see positive feedback, a convincing feedback.
Charles Liang: Yeah, especially we have so broad building block proud solution. So, economical scale will help our building block solution to be more efficient because there's lot of product in our volume were still in the middle size to small size volume and we [indiscernible] and will continue to be aggressive to grow to see every segment, every vertical, we have ALC, economies of scale.
Charles Liang: You are right. In these current 600 watt, 700, watt module, people can still take care very well, we say air conditioning. And that's why people still are comfortable with our traditional air cooler. But when that system grows to 1,000 or even 1,000 watt per module, yes. I mean -- I think cooling becomes even much more critical. So, by that time, I believe. Most of the data center will have facility ready for that. So we are very optimistic and very patient to continue to improve our quality, especially that reliability and easy for maintenance. So when customers are ready, we can dwell quickly to support them.
Charles Liang: Yeah, and that's why the economies of scale is very important to us when we further grow our total revenue, we will have a more large scale customer and more middle-sized and small-sized customers as well.
Charles Liang: Yeah, again, we see, we recommend green computing everywhere. That's why wherever, whenever we can help a customer at base, we will. That's why we have been building really large-scale capacity for liquid cooling and other green computing solutions. So yes, that capacity will be huge, but its capacity there, when customer need, we are ready. And indeed our facility also very flexible. Lots of facility can support liquid cooling and air cooler, or combination cooling. So yes, we have a huge capacity ready for growth, but not necessarily all for liquid cooling, they support air cooler or combination hybrid cooling as well.
Charles Liang: Yeah, thank you, I mean, we spend a lot of effort to make our sales and operational process, service process be automatic. So, those automation systems for sales, for production, for support, really enlarge our capacity. And that's why we have capacity to approach to support a more customer now. So -- and we need economies of scale, because economies of scale is very important to our operation margin and overall EPS. So, yes, we are ready to grow much quicker EBIT.
Charles Liang: Yeah, indeed we had been some low-volume company for too long, a 30 years old company. So our volumes just started to grow in kind of good economical scale just recently. And we like to take this chance to continue and grow our economies of scale. So when our economies of scale grow, we leverage automation system again for sales, for operation, and for service. And that's why, I mean, we are in good position to continue growing quickly.
Charles Liang: Yeah, our financial team have been very diligently working now more source, especially try to minimize dilute the stock equity. So we have a [indiscernible] program kind of we're steady and ready there. So when we need more capital, we are ready. David, you may add something.
Charles Liang: Yeah. I mean our ASP gradually continued to grow while that unit number will grow much faster from now on now I guess. So that's why we need more capacity.
Charles Liang: Yeah, also when economies of scale [Multiple Speakers] grow, we can more efficiently leverage our inventory as well.
David Weigand: Sure, thanks, Samik. So, when we win a new customer, we always try to go in and out. And so we go into the organization and try to spread out into the different divisions. And so, in order to do that as we take on new customers, we do evaluate and try to win the business, which requires us to be competitive. And so, we always are balancing in the interest of shareholder value, how to maximize that. And so, at this time we are we are growing really quickly. And in order to do that and in order to take market share, we will take opportunities by being more competitive on pricing.
David Weigand: Yeah, so Samik, we have a very large and growing backlog, which grew again this quarter. And so really as Charles mentioned earlier, our only constraint is supply. However, the good news is, supply is improving. And so to your point, we have to be somewhat conservative, because we are constrained still by supply.
David Weigand: It's really about trying to return the most shareholder value. So back to your point, we know that with -- because of our tight control over operating expenses, if we get more volume from a large customer, we're going to be able to bring more EPS to our shareholders. So that's really the -- it's really the decision to partner with a really good customer.
David Weigand: Sure, so we set out a target back in March of 2021 of 14% to 17%. But that's and we've actually done pretty well against that target. But one thing I'll say is that we have a lot of -- there's a lot of initiatives that play into our favor. Number one, we're doing a lot in terms of expansion to lower our cost envelope. Number two, we are -- our advantage is our building block solutions and what that means is, we're the fastest to market because of the way that we have architected our products. So what that means is there's a lot of new technologies that are coming out from many different technology providers. And we expect to again, as we work with AI, be first-to-market with those. And that first-to-market advantage helps us -- helps to differentiate ourselves as we come out with a complete set of solutions. So, we think that's another thing that will that is always going to play to Super Micro's advantage.
David Weigand: Yeah, for sure I'll -- most important principle is why would a base go for shareholder for our company. So, although we said of 14% to 17% as in that range in 2021, but if any change, any further adjustments would be the pace of a shareholder. We went to that change. And we are carefully evaluating that range kind of monthly.
David Weigand: So, Aaron. The 26% customer is the same customer. But the 11% customer is not a new customer, and it's a longer-term customer. But first time in 11% and to your point, yes, we do see a bouncing in and out, and we're very happy. Anytime they do bounce about by the way.
David Weigand: I guess in the next few years, our growth will be quicker in terms of unit number. So that volume growth will be quicker than ASP, because last two years, our ASP have been growing a lot, right. So, in next day, but I guess unit number, volume will grow faster.
David Weigand: Yeah, so I'll just echo what Charles said, we're looking at a number of different things, Jon, and we -- but we are mindful of not having further dilution, as Charles said. So, we're -- but we're looking at a number of different opportunities. And the reason we have to is because we need more working capital for growth. And the reason that our cash flows were not -- did not -- were not as strong as last quarter was simply because we grew by so much. So if you -- when you grow by over $1 billion dollars in quarter, you've got to have additional working capital. So that's the plain and simple fact.
David Weigand: And one thing I'll add Nehal is that in December, we shipped over $1.7 billion -- $1.8 billion. And so that alone establishes a $19 billion capability.
David Weigand: Yeah, so it really comes down, Nehal to timing. When we receive inventory and when we ship out, so as I mentioned in the December quarter, you can have big activity even within a month, within the quarter, and so that will affect your metrics.
David Weigand: It absolutely was, yeah. Yeah, we had some that some customer prepayments and things which helped us out.
