Charles Liang: Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. Despite our substantial efforts and progress to complete our SEC filings, I'm very disappointed that we denominated a filing payment. Personally, I cannot convey how much pain I feel in this unfortunate development. This, however, has not affected my confidence in Super Micro's strong foundation. In the meantime, we are achieving record high revenue and profit, and continue to introduce new unparalleled product innovation. We are committed to completing our SEC filing as soon as possible and making sure this problem will never happen again. Completion of the audit is our first big step. We have been investing to further improve our people, skill, process and to meet the highest financial standard and to meet the need of rapidly growing USA-based global technology companies. We need to make sure our infrastructure has a strong asset that accelerates our growth and deliver flawless customer experience. A change is being made and already improve our business operations. We add new management across the business and financial operations of the company. [indiscernible] and experience in large scale operations. We also add a new Chief Compliant Officer and a new Vice President of Internal Audit, and strengthened our revenue recognition team. [indiscernible] 31% in the last year, despite the disruption caused by the continued delay to our 10-K filing. Today, Super Micro's business and product technology leadership has never been stronger. Our fourth quarter revenue will be in the range of 986 million to 996 million, approximately 13% higher year-over-year, and was a new record high. With this strong quarterly revenue, Super Micro surpassed 3.3 billion for fiscal 2018. Record revenue and profit are strong indicators of our continued success of our product and market focus. We continue to expand our technology leadership with new products that deliver game-changing performance. [indiscernible] and Big Data applications. For AI machine learning, we have partnered with NVIDIA to view the most powerful platform. That combines 16 Tesla V100 GPUs and 2 PetaFLOPS SuperServer, partnered with NVIDIA in the same store. We delivered a new class of high data throughput that is [indiscernible]. That can deliver up to a petabyte of high-performance All-Flash NVMe storage in the compact 1U system and can deliver up to 18 million IOPS. I am more confident of our abilities and technical opportunities than at any time in our 25-year history. We are clearly focused on meeting our obligation for SEC reporting and operating low cost business. We have many great things going on at the Super Micro, as we continue to bring to market our new innovation. The resource facing technologies are enabling great opportunities for us, especially for the upcoming 5G transition, enterprise Global 2000, and AI machine learning. I am looking forward to sharing more of these exciting opportunities, which will be in future quarters. And now, I will hand over to Kevin.
Charles Liang: Yes. You can see the AMD products have been getting popular, and we ship kind of much more products than last quarter. So the change should be continued.
Charles Liang: Yeah. We continue to ship Intel Optane technology. Again [indiscernible] people want a lower latency, kind of higher bandwidth and Optane technology provides excellent solution in that area. And we have a great product line, we’re the earliest player in the market. As to 10-nanometer technology from Intel, as of this moment, we tried to observe and overall we feel very optimistic still.
Charles Liang: Now, with our guidance, 810 million to 870 million, and that would be -- this quarter, September quarter, will be still a strong quarter basically.
Kevin Bauer: As indicated previously, we will have a Q&A session with sell-side analysts, who will be permitted to ask questions. I would like to remind you that your question should be directed to the business update that we have just provided. We may decline to answer questions relating to the audit committee investigations or the delayed filing of our 10-K because of pending litigation. Operator, at this time, we're ready for questions.
Kevin Bauer: Yeah. So, I think it is true that we still have a substantial amount of work to do. I think what we've said in terms of being able to see it in the future is that, now that we are later in the process, we actually have pretty good visibility on what it takes to remain to be able to complete the process. So that's how I would string them together is that it's one of better visibility, but there's still a fair amount to do.
Kevin Bauer: Well, certainly as the results of the investigation came in, we were able to see a little bit more in terms of the processes that we were need to do, so certainly it was evolving.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. We really can't go into that level of detail. What I can share with you is that we've taken the approach of largest transactions and are now going towards smaller transactions.
Kevin Bauer: That's a lot. So, I’ll tell you that, we are certainly aware of the fact that the industry is growing. We are benefiting from that. We are happy with the significant enterprise wins that we are getting. I will share with you that as I looked at the margin mix, a lot of it had to do with just the quarter-over-quarter mix in terms of some of our customers. So some of that is related to the products that they buy, others are related to the aggressiveness sometimes that we have on larger deals. So I think that's -- those were the two primary factors.
Kevin Bauer: No. I think, our primary view of this quarter is really seasonal, I don't think there is anything unusual as it relates to the guidance. Hopefully, we'll do well.
Kevin Bauer: So the predominant pattern that we're seeing is that there are ins and outs across the quarters. And so, so far, they've kind of netted each other out to a great degree and that's really what the primary modus operandi is.
Kevin Bauer: Yes, I really can't speak to that, but by virtue of the fact that there's not been significant distortions, it doesn't say that there's a big difference in the pattern.
Kevin Bauer: Well, I can share with you that as we've gone through the year and things have come to like the investigation, we have had our eye on that as it relates to how we have estimated the quarters over ‘18. So we have incorporated some of that. We still will have to go through the transactions at the end, but we've been improving as you go so to speak.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So the credit line, the way that it was structured is that it was a one-year term. If you remember, we closed this in April. So, therefore, it had one-year term or completion of our delinquent filings. And then upon the earlier of one of those dates, we would be able to convert it into phase II, that phase II actually allowed for an expanded credit facility, so that's the nature of it.
