Ananda Baruah: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Yeah, congrats on the great execution first half of this calendar year, it sounds like it's a good following through here. Two, if I could, Charles and David, what would you guys – first time we've got the chance to talk to you guys since you pre-announced. What would you guys say, you would consider to have been incremental versus 90 days ago that's leading to such strong revenue execution for both the March quarter and now the June quarter? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks a lot.
Ananda Baruah: That's great context, Charles. And then, Charles, I'm just going to ask you sort of what is the next probably more natural follow-ups since you just remarked that you expect another 3x to 5x. Is the 17% to 23% long-term growth rate? Is that still the appropriate growth rate -- or should it really be something stronger than that as you look out the next couple of years? Thanks.
Ananda Baruah: Hey, thanks guys for taking the follow-up. I guess, sort of, piggybacking Charles off of one of the last questions. I guess, how much of the revenue upside for the March and June quarter is from new demand that you may have been conservative about relative to how much do you think was demand that you have been getting indications about, but that supply chain became available for. And really, I guess what I'm trying to get a sense of is how much how much of this is supply chain related? And is the follow-through dependent to an extent on new supply chain continuing to get released? I appreciate that both.
Ananda Baruah: That's really helpful. And just a quick follow-up there. I've been jumping between calls a little bit to see, so I apologize if it has already been answered or spoken to. But you -- in the prepared remarks, you mentioned the total IT solutions being a catalyst for demand in general. And I think actually, you completed racks, maybe even specifically in the prepared remarks. And so any context you can give us about what you're seeing, I guess, like engagement context. I suppose, with your customers that having the sort of IT Solutions can be a real catalyst to revenue right now? Okay, it looks like it may be -- and I guess is the implication if it's showing up in an increasingly bigger way, first half of this calendar year. Thanks a lot.
Charles Liang: Yeah. That's been utilize because of the supply chain, because there are always some invisible factor. And that's why I mean earlier I mean in March quarter, we try to be conservative. But it's turn out, we have many customers really like our IP total solution, and we ship a lot of completed rig. Indeed, our direct scale PnP, plug and play rack solution, grew a lot year-over-year. Roughly, this year compared with last year, our rack product grew about 5 to 6 – 5 times to 6 times growth. And this momentum, I believe, will continue to be very strong in the next 12 months. So we expect another 3x to 5x direct scale PnP product line growth. So that's why, I mean, the growth has been a little bit surprised us.
Charles Liang: Next couple of years can be very strong. But again, it depends on our global supply chain situation. As David has mentioned, COV19 still challenging us and also macroeconomic condition. So if in is not much worse, I believe our growth rate year-over-year virtually will continue to grow.
Charles Liang: Yes. Next year, I mean, fiscal 2023 at this moment, I believe $6 billion to $7 billion will be relatively a very conservative estimation.
Charles Liang: Thank you. Very good question. Indeed, traditionally, September will be our slow season. But this time can be quite different, because we have a very strong back order now. And again, lots of customer, high-profile customers really like our rack-scale plug and play solution. So we are preparing the big growth in that segment. So I believe this year, September, we will have a great quarter. It can be even more than June quarter.
Charles Liang: A few months ago, we suppose that situation will gradually improve and unfortunately, there are some parts -- I believe it continues to be very tight. That's why we still suffering supply chain ability program. Some components, yes, have been dramatically improved, but there are some other components still in a serious shortage. So, we try to improve that situation for sure.
Charles Liang: Indeed, because right scale, I mean, present solution, we plan in advance both with customer understand their future demand and we plan in advance flowing all the different components in the events. And then we are able to ship the complete drag to customer kind of relatively efficient, more timing efficient than others. So, at least, I believe, is one of the reasons why we are able to grow. And we will continue to extend the customer base to offer them reg scale solution. Indeed, we have prepared to double our reg scale capacity in the coming quarter -- indeed in June quarter. So, we feel pretty strong that we will be able to continue to help customers to have their supply chain challenge.
Charles Liang: Yes, we are talking about a possibility. But given the macroeconomic still have lots of unknown factors. That's why we try to be very careful.
Charles Liang: Indeed, the one factor we did not share before, but I'd like to take a little chance to share with everyone. With our continuing growing in rec scale, product play rec scale product. Indeed, with our current facility in USA campus and Taiwan campus. When business continued to grow mostly the current capacity, we can support our revenue up to $12 billion. So our capacity is pretty up. So looking forward in the next many quarters, when our volume continues to grow, our gross margin and net profit will continue to gain advantage from the economical side, economical scale, I mean.
Charles Liang: We are starting the possibility, kind of, depends on the macroeconomic conditions. If macroeconomic conditions continue to be healthy, then we may try to be more aggressively leveraging the money from the bank. Otherwise, we may continue to be conservative.
Charles Liang: Yeah, very good question. Indeed, our demand continue growing, have become stronger and stronger. So the really big limitation now indeed is supply chain to us. So that's why everyday, we are spending time to figure out how to improve the supply chain. So that's the situation. The demand is strong and keeping growing, because of our better technology, total solution and getting very strong support, I suppose.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Indeed, in our supply chain. David, do you want to add something or Patrick. The supply chain has been puzzling us for many, many quarters, as you know, right? So at this moment, our current customers, existing customers and some new customers indeed all have a strong demand. And with that had to work out, David, maybe you can add something to or Patrick.
Charles Liang: So I agree supply chain and cash flow. In other areas, we will continue to bigot to start how can we that space utilize or how can we further grow the supply chain and more efficiently utilize our cash flow.
David Weigand: Yes, Mehdi, I think that as our expand increases, as we have to add accounts receivable and inventory, we will continue to use cash. But we're using it for customers and for inventory. So we would consider that to be really strong uses.
David Weigand: No, it was, Nehal and also, we also have to look out to Q4 and beyond in planning our inventory levels. So, it is going in line. I mean the fact that we have the high growth rate, 51% year-over-year is definitely going to continue to challenge working capital.
David Weigand: Yeah. So the second part of your question, Jon, we did experience some gross margin expansion from higher efficiency, which means that we actually -- we had higher throughput our factories at a lower per unit cost. And so, we do expect that to continue, especially as we ramp up production in Taiwan. And so, we do look forward to further margin expansion.
David Weigand: Yeah. So we're seeing Ananda, we're seeing really a lot of high demand in the AI and ML area. And so those -- the workloads that are being addressed there and the solutions that we're providing are being well received by our customers. And so the engagements that we're in, that's the driver that we're seeing that AI has led our growth over the last three to four quarters.
