Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. Again, last quarter was a record quarter of revenue and earnings for Super Micro, providing that Super Micro is leading server, storage and competitive solution company and a strong competitor. We believe that we are well-positioned for a very strong calendar year 2014 and possibly reaching the $2 billion run rate very soon. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Ivy Bridge is still a pretty new product. Again, they are available for about one and half quarters and quarter-to-quarter, we grew about 70% for Ivy Bridge.
Charles Liang: Yeah. For sure, it’s an not an easier task and that’s why we have spend lots of efforts to build our foundation in terms of engineering capability, in terms of global operation cost and all of those investment were been heavily in the last three years, have been pretty ready. And that’s why we start to see the advantage to grow stronger than others.
Charles Liang: Yeah. They all factor in, but it is still about one-year old new product. They continue to grow strongly. And we just announced our TwinPro, which is another kind of performance per watt enhance Twin Architecture. And just ramping up now quickly and follow by our MicroBlade in next few months. So, I mean, new product, new architecture, outperform competition that [help us a lot].
Charles Liang: Yeah. I mean, Asia is relatively a new market for us, right. We started to focus on Asia aggressively about two to three years ago and now we have getting stronger foundation there, especially a production ready in Taiwan. So, I mean, we continue gaining good customer in both, China, Japan and Korea. So that's very solid trend to go I believe.
Charles Liang: Yeah. I guess, the major reason because our capacity in logistic global have been getting very strong. So we are much more ready to approach those huge Data Center now. So I believe we are continuing growing in that territory quickly.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we are looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
