Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. 2016 is shaping up to be a year of robust growth for Super Micro. We see huge opportunities as the market shifts toward software-defined, big data, and cloud-based solutions where Super Micro had great track record of leveraging our solid engineering foundation to produce innovative products and services for those market. We are on target for meeting our fiscal 2016 revenue and growth rate projection of greater than 20%, and with that, I'm confident we will continue to outperform the market and grow multiple times faster than the rest on the industry, most short-term and long-term. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, indeed, we had a very aggressive improvement in our sales and support force in Europe. And now, with global operation, we will support Europe partially from Asia. So, the Asia facility integration will improve. And at the same time, we also started to support some strategic cuts more in Asia, including China. So our utilization rate for Taiwan facility should start to grow gradually.
Charles Liang: Okay. Indeed, we have a very strong Broadwell product line. And it's pretty much all available now. And we already sent a sample to lots of customers. However, as Intel obviously announced it won't be available every date this quarter. That's why we do not expect a lot of revenue contribution to this quarter, but that will happen in June quarter for sure.
Charles Liang: Yes. Indeed. For our cloud based and big data driven company, we recently won favor of them and that high volume deployment is happening I believe is done now and much more will happen again June quarter.
Charles Liang: Indeed. Some of them have been using our platform before. And now they find that hey, our computer system is even much better. And at the time is brand new. So we won from both segment.
Charles Liang: Phase one just starting (28:23). And that's an another reason why we are able to enable another couple of big customer. And phase two we just begun two months ago. We'll be done by end of this year.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joined us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Yeah. Joseph, one of the larger changes between the G&A incline will be the foreign ex that you saw that I mentioned on the call. It's about $2.4 million of delta between the quarters. In September, we had a $1.8 million of foreign exchange, and in the December quarter, we had a loss of about $600,000. So, that – you can see about a $2.4 million delta with regards to the expenses in that period.
Howard Hideshima: Just to reiterate we did grow about 86% year-over-year so we are gaining as I mentioned, I think, more customers and growing with our existing customers as well.
Howard Hideshima: I think we have opportunities in a number of different customers, I think, in the cloud. And like I said, our applications and our solutions play very well. So I think there's great opportunities for us in a variety of different verticals of our servicing.
Howard Hideshima: Nehal, this is Howard. I mean cash conversion cycle again is somewhat seasonally driven at times too we are obviously continuing to focus on our cash conversion cycle, but we are as we continue to remind folks a very high growth company, so again, it will vary from time to time.
Howard Hideshima: Certainly, on an annual basis. I think you'll see a little bit more stability in that. Part of that has to do with – also though the growth in our business. We're seeing great opportunities out there to actually invest as Charles mentioned here to invest in our facilities but I think we have great opportunity there and keep catching (30:29).
Howard Hideshima: Well, actually there's two factors that we talked about. The FX, we took a loss of about $600,000 in the December quarter. It depends upon what the FX rate will be at the end of the quarter.
Howard Hideshima: Right now it looks positive, but it depends on that. The other thing, I'll remind you guys is again employment tax and those things get reset as of December 31. So they come back into play in the March quarter. So that will add a bit to the OpEx.
Howard Hideshima: I think we haven't given guidance there. But at the end of the day, like I said, I think it's about – I take out the lease look at the foreign ex and you can model that whichever way you like it.
Howard Hideshima: I think as we look at the drivers for our margin, there's a couple of things I've mentioned on the call. One is the scale of our business growing, the scale of our business per se (32:47) queue us and the first in power that we came from that utilization as we've always talked is one of those other things too that as we utilized our facilities a bit more, we get benefits from that. Certainly, there's opportunities, but also March is usually a very seasonally weak quarter for the industry as I've modeled that. So, looking back at our history, you'll see some perturbations in our margins between quarters. I think if you look back in December last year comparatively to March, I think you'll see about 50 basis point swing between the two quarters.
