Kevin Bauer: Well, I mean, I think there is also possible speculation that customers could have potentially ordered early to try and beat tariffs. We don't have a specific evidence of that but that could be possible.
Kevin Bauer: Yes, we're not disclosing too much more. I think, one thing that has helped and I’ve mentioned this before is that our shipment linearity is much better now, so we are shipping more early in the quarter and have that opportunity to kind of collect that. So I think that's a good portion of that.
Kevin Bauer: So as of late, if you're trying to understand what the impact there will be on fiscal year 2018. That will be limited to table that's shown in fiscal year 2017. And then if you recall that I mentioned that we would be continuing to apply the same procedures as fiscal year 2018, so there will be a continued roll effect.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So I think there is other elements in that reduction of income. If you remember, we said that the primary effects are related to sales as well as inventory. So to the extent that there are inventory debits, those won’t move into fiscal 2018.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. What we were trying to share was that if memory serves me, we did roughly about $851 million in the quarter a year ago. And our guidance is slightly above that range. What we were trying to differentiate here was that given that were macro considerations as Charles mentioned as well as we've had the Bloomberg impact. The other key thing that we wanted to share is that, even though our guidance range is still within that metric as compared to last year, our quarter-to-date progress is ahead of that. And we think that it is healthy ahead, but we're not going to give our specific metric.
Kevin Bauer: We are saying that we have better identification than last year as it relates to getting to $850 million or $860 million or whatever within our range.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So we are not going to get ahead of ourselves in that. I think we've had communications directly with customers and the way that we feel about the business is in relation to those discussions with customers.
Kevin Bauer: Basically, we believe with our macro ITP may slow down relative, basically from a lot of our vendors, our competitors and industry analysis result.
Charles Liang: Yes, very good question. We expect both SSD and NVMe pricing continuing to be lower and so as DRAM, pricing to become softer and softer in the next few quarters. So from this point of view, we believe all our profit – I mean profit margin will be keeping as same as before or slightly better. However, the revenue maybe slightly lower because of that cost for memory and flash are lower. But basically there are good signs to us, basically.
Charles Liang: I would have to say it is micro business. IT industry just like I mentioned slowed a little bit over.
Charles Liang: From our couple of estimate, we don't believe it happened to our hardware. So basically, we don't believe there is chip.
Charles Liang: I would have to say, I mean, we don't believe their balance sheet and most of our key customers don't believe that too. So at this moment, we feel pretty comfortable for our future business.
