Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. As Super Micro is coming to continue its growth pace even during the economically slow period, our competitive position with the industry's best of product especially with Fat Twin architecture have never been better. Our Asia facility will continue to be utilized at a greater degree to serve our Asian and European customers while improving our competitiveness in pricing. We are also committed to increase our profitability through better and more comprehensive customers and technical service, its hardware solutions and components management. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions. 
Charles Liang: Yes, indeed we are aggressively improving our system management software, including a certain demand management, some virtualization and some storage related tool, so including switch, our high performance switch product line. So we are doing those products now. 
Charles Liang: I'm not acquiring other company, yes. We still prefer growing organically with our own engineering capability. 
Charles Liang: The impact have been gradually happening since about 2 quarters ago. So it won't happen kind of overnight by gradual improvement. For example, today we have more than a handful customers now particularly appreciate our software have. And this time we have growth consistently. 
Charles Liang: Because the USA market is more sensitive in technology. Whenever we introduce new architecture USA markets basically responds quicker, that's another factor. 
Charles Liang: Okay I mean for hard drive inventory question again. Usually we keep us 3 to 4 weeks inventory for hard drive and memory but again during the hard drive big shortage timeframe for safety, we'd raise the inventory level to 7 weeks so that kind of a clear -- a big trouble when price have a big drop and again basically we keep about 3, 4 week's inventory. As through the facility utilization, I mean Asia facility for sure is a big incremental to us and last quarter we have a 65% growth compared with one year ago, so that dramatically improved our utilization. And today I would like to say we have maybe 30% capacity use, so there has to be a 70% room to grow and we feel very positive for that capacity available. 
Charles Liang: Okay I mean again last year we grow about 65% in Asia and next year, I hope we can grow more than 65%. So even we've grown 65% in that utilization we have reached almost 65% to 70%, so that will be in much better position. 
Charles Liang: It all depends, if we grow in Asia as Asia margin had to be lower, but if we use those capacity for support customer in Europe then the margin will be slightly better. 
Charles Liang: Yes, I mean since 18 months ago we start to aggressively grow our sales and marketing teams, FAM&P teams, so and that's why we grow 65% last year, right. So this trend we are continue for sure, and because we already in enabled lots of pressure and [indiscernible] now those accounts start to buy product. 
Charles Liang: Okay. Basically, in [indiscernible] is kind of almost never happened before a bigger price up and down in about 5 months’ time frame so from there we already enhanced our relationship with our hard drive and as well as memory company the relationship, so now we have a much better high level relationship and have some contracts signed. And we today, we've also have dedicated a position inside the company now to watch those market change and those vendors policy strategy change [indiscernible] in our company now. 
Charles Liang: Over $10 million, just in hard drive and memory inventory. So that's for sure dramatically improve our position. And like Howard just said, we now have a dedicated position to watch those change periodically. So that should prevent from to minimize that risk. 
Charles Liang: Like Howard just mentioned, hard drive. Indeed, that hard drive we already reduced to more than $10 million. 
Charles Liang: And overall inventory still high because we expect kind of good revenue this quarter for sure, especially with Fat Twin and our special workstation HFT optimizers solution. So we do need more inventory to prepare for the strong demand this quarter. 
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day. 
Howard Hideshima: Aaron, yes. I said in the call that basically -- you saw the decrease in margin of about 2.5% between quarters from 15.5% to about 13%. I said about 2% of that or over 2% of that was attributable to the hard disk drives and memory but not 2/3 but 2%. 
Howard Hideshima: I have not -- I've said that our current month it looks stable right now. So it looks stable. However it's really early in the quarter. Aaron, so we’ve tempered our forecast with some of that. Because again if price decreases happen again and again, we're still susceptible to that in our inventories. If price is maintained stable, we're going to be okay and then if prices go up, we may see some benefits. So again it's very early in the quarter. We're seeing stability right now but again it's very early in the quarter. 
Howard Hideshima: Yes, right now at the end of the quarter, it stands at about $180 million. And there's a 2-year agreement that runs through March 2014. 
Howard Hideshima: Let me take, Mark. So if we go back to prior to let's say all of those hard disk drive and memory stuff happening, probably about 3 quarters ago, you will see that we were probably about 16% to 17% as far as the gross margin is concerned. And so in the prior quarter -- in the June quarter, we said that of that 1.5% decline, majority of that was caused by the hard disk drive and memory and then this quarter I have said that over 2% basically has been caused by the hard disk drive and memory. So you will see a total of around approximately at least 3% caused by hard disk drives and memory over the last couple of quarters, right? As we work our way through the agreements and improve our vendor relationships and work it, we're hopeful that we can get that back so that -- again we can get back to that place where we started off about 6 months ago, 9 months ago, back to the 16% to 17%. And then you are right. We do have the other things that should be adding to our gross margins which is the Romley launch coming on board and us increasing our Taiwan facility utilization and then also obviously increasing our product mix with servers and software and support services. So those things are still working and they're going on. I think we just need to work our way through the hard disk drives and memory. 
Howard Hideshima: Yes, certainly that's the impact that we saw coming back from that steady -- let's say that state about 6 months ago. 
Howard Hideshima: We've taken our lower costs to our markets to some extent during prior periods. Okay. So we have taken that as the market prices dropped or, and the cost is taken. So we have taken some of those write-downs already. 
Howard Hideshima: Well, it actually caused in both sides of it, Mike, to the extent that we incorporate the hard disk drives and the memory into our server systems. So any type of price changes and their impact the overall server margin also. So it is not just isolated in the components to sub-system business. 
Howard Hideshima: Well the price changes have been happening fairly quickly recently. I mean I think in this pricing quarter we actually saw again some strength and then at the end of the quarter we saw a pretty steep drop in the pricing happen per se. I think as some customers were basically trying to get rid of some of their inventory, we saw some pricing pressure at the end of the quarter. So again, it, the timing wise can happen fairly quickly, obviously quicker than when we can turn the inventory. 
Howard Hideshima: It was more of, just some of our demo and demo type of equipment that we have out there in the field as we're familiaring the new products and what have you. 
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Glenn. We're going to obviously continue to invest but we're watching it very closely as far as our operating expense. I think you’ll note that our operating expense were basically flat quarter to quarter, right. And so we'll continue to invest in our R&D but we'll be very prudent with our R&R investment going forward. 
Howard Hideshima: And Aaron, for ourselves, yes, we did push out. I mean there were some customers that, as you know, data centers are looking at the latest technologies, so they were evaluating the Sandy Bridge, and so they didn't quite finish their evaluation at the end but we still believe that they're going to be coming in so again it's the transition to the new technology. We're seeing that they like our new product, especially with the Sandy Bridge, and they just need to get through the testing process. 
