Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. The first half beginning to our fiscal 2010 have been very strong, which is record results for Super Micro. Having our strong product line and growing brand name recognition, we are well positioned to continue this record pace into the second half of this year. I will now turn the call back to Perry.
Charles Liang: You know, it’s close to the product line, memory, hard drive, even capacitor, FET, but again because we keep good safety inventory, so the impact to us should be reasonable, accessible.Vivek Manipadam – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone. Have a great day. Thank you.
Howard Hideshima: I think so, Alex. You know, we just introduced that probably about a quarter or so ago. So, it’s just at the very beginning of its ramp up for us, but we have seen very good traction in it.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Okay. And if you could just revisit for us what you think your long-term growth profile is for the company, and behind that, just remind us what the target operating model is, and sort of what the timing of that could be? Do you see that as something that you could accomplish exciting fiscal 2011? Just some updated color on that behind these strong results today. Thank you.
Howard Hideshima: Right. As we said before, Alex, the target operating model, you know, has basically an operating margin about 9 to 12, gross margins about 19 to 20 [ph], and we set it about one to three years out. We still feel confident.Alex Kurtz – Merriman & Company: Okay, so no comment on timing. Okay, thank you guys.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Glenn, this is Howard. Yes, you are right. As Charles mentioned, we feel that, you know, the gross margin to be very stable. I think the puts and takes of it will be as we ramp up some of the European and overseas expansion, we will get some benefits from that as we bring that facility up, reducing our logistical costs and our shipping costs. Obviously new product introductions typically help us. And then on the other side of that would be growing our market share, still important to us basically growing our economies of scale.Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
