Charles Liang: Thank you for the question. Again, it’s a complicated situation. But at this moment, we believe December quarter, our supply from NVIDIA will be much better than last quarter. And that’s one of the reasons why we are able to fulfill more percentage of customer demand and that’s why we say, $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion should be our target. So basically, a price condition that we need to meet.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Thank you. Again, we continue to gain lots of design win. So our back order has been growing faster than what we forecast in reality. So at this moment, $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion for December should be a very conservative number. And for our whole fiscal year, $10 billion to $11 billion, again, should be a conservative number. So I feel very optimistic to continue to grow quickly and that’s why we continue to grow our rack-scale, including a difficulty rack-scale rather than production capacity. Likewise, just, before we have 4,000 rack per month capacity and now pretty much we will grow to 5,000 rack per month capacity very soon. So we are very optimistic for the future growth.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Thank you for the question. Yes. I mean, as you know, we have a very strong NVIDIA product line, including the L40S, right, and including the CG1, CG2 on the way. And AMD MI300X also getting ready. And Intel Gaudi 2 is ready to volume production. So although we have a very good demand and very strong supply capacity. So, again, I feel very optimistic for a quicker growth.
Charles Liang: Yes. I mean, as of what I just shared, our utilization rate for U.S. and Taiwan capacity today only about 60%. So when we have a higher utilization rate, our overall cost will be lower, right? So that’s why when we grow revenue, our profitability will increase. And Malaysia, as you know, is a lower cost campus. So once we start production in Malaysia, our cost will be better and profit margin will be slightly improved.
Charles Liang: Thank you. I mean, basically we are able to pass-through our cost to customers. So for that portion, basically we are kind of okay. We won’t be impacted by that. At least it won’t be impacted too much.
Charles Liang: Yeah. I can add a little bit of some color. I mean, kind of our software business is growing. Our service, including on-site deployment, all those will help our gross margin, our value bridge. So at this moment, we should be on the right track, healthy direction.
Charles Liang: Oh! Very good question. Indeed, we are adding some more buildings in the Bay Area and most of those will be rental buildings, because our growth is faster than what we can build in a building. So it will be a rental facility. And then I did mention about we are looking for another location, hopefully in a little bit of a lower cost state in North America. So we are planning for building a new campus in -- we will decide in the next few months, I believe. But short-term, new buildings in Silicon Valley will be rental property.
Charles Liang: Yeah. Basically AI revenue percentage continues to grow, but hopefully in ALCN [ph] consistently with…
Charles Liang: Yes. It’s a complicated job. However, because our building-box solution and our global footprint together, we have a huge lead time. We support hundreds of customers. So [Technical Difficulty] indeed, relatively, we are able to take care of the allocation, the lead time, the inventory control, product flow-in, more efficient than our competitors. And we are continually improving in that area.
Charles Liang: Yes. And that’s why our inventory utilization rate will be improving. So, before, I guess, we have about 90 days turnaround time.
Charles Liang: Yeah. You are right. Because our building-box solution, so we are able to design all that and make a new technology available earlier than the market, basically. So, usually we send our solution to customer for evaluation so our customer can make a decision earlier and that allows Super Micro, there will be an earlier time to prepare the product, prepare inventory. So, it doesn’t matter if we have a solution, AMD solution or Intel solution, we provide a same building-box solution and we gain time to market advantage. We provide a customer earlier seeding, earlier system so that they can validate in advance.
David Weigand: Yeah. So we expect that we will continue to get operating leverage, Mehdi. We were, I think, a little conservative in our guide for OpEx in Q2. So we -- and as we were in Q1, and so we came in a little bit lower. We are doing everything we can to do that in Q2 as well. So back to your operating guide question. We came down a little bit on gross margin year-over-year, as you know, but we expect -- as Charles mentioned, we expect some gross margin leverage, as well as operating margin leverage as we -- as our operating expenses never increase at the rate that our revenues are.
David Weigand: Well, it’s a combination, Jon, of -- as we ramp revenues up, we are going to get leverage on the gross margin because, as Charles mentioned earlier, we are going to get higher efficiency and factory throughput as we -- which will lower costs as we put more through the factories. So we will get some benefit there. We will also get benefit as we transition more manufacturing over to Malaysia and Taiwan. And I think that -- so that’s why right now we are, although, very competitive situation, we are maintaining our margin guidance for Q2.
David Weigand: Yeah. So I think we are expecting really the same performance, Nehal. We will expect it to be in a range of over 50%.
