Charles Liang: Thanks, Howard. Well, we are pleased that 2011 was another year of success and growth for Super Micro. We now look forward to a strong fiscal year 2012. Our product line had never been better than they are today. With strong offering in Storage, Blade, GPU, Twin family and our new MicroCloud, we are continuing to invest in product development to extend our technology leadership. With the new potential architecture of Sandy Bridge, will be launched in a few months, and with our switch product lines as well as our server management software solutions, we are well prepared to continue our strong growth. Finally, we will be moving into our new Taiwan facility in a few months, which will begin new chapter for Super Micro, both in Asia and global. Therefore, we begin fiscal 2012, we are well-positioned to execute our strategy to grow our revenue, opportunity and sales and to improve our profitability in the upcoming years. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yes, Glenn, I mean that meanwhile we give out the wider range because there are some uncertainty of Sandy Bridge route because we didn’t know exactly how soon that product will be in high volume. So we try to be more conservative in offering a big range. So it was available earlier for sure our number where we paid over September.
Charles Liang: At this moment, we heard us there Q4, but how did Q4 will be (inaudible) at this moment. But our product had been pretty ready though. So once the CPU chips are ready, we are ready to go.
Charles Liang: I believe it’s our interest to continue to grow. There are (inaudible) business. However, our Asian operation, kind of our Taiwan facility will be ready in next few months. Once that ready for sure that will lower our cost and we are obviously making that happen.
Charles Liang: Yes, we start our Netherlands facility about 18 months ago. However, European markets will be solved in another six months, so that kind of slower our utilization of our Netherlands facility. And also Asia, again Asia market is growing quickly but our Taiwan facility won’t be fully ready in about four to five months to go. So after that for sure, once our utilization becomes higher in both Europe and Asia the growth margin will improve.
Charles Liang: I guess, GPU we continue to have slide, and storage, we continue to have a storage part of that going quickly and switch is relatively a new product line and that product line which you have a much better margin.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: They will more likely we did most of it during the quarter than last quarter, but there’s still some and they’ve been very dependent upon the pricing that comes.
Howard Hideshima: Yes. Aaron, this is Howard. With regard to the gross margin, yes, the several gross margin themselves generally higher than our overall subsystems and accessories. As I talked about the memory and hard disc drives again that, that kind of permit both the server margins and the accessories and subsystems, because obviously either sell it separately to some of our partners or you put it into the system, so that effect on both. The second point we brought up was basically the Internet data center. That’s a very competitive area of the market. I think if you go back historically there are times when we’ve had higher percentages of our sales in that vertical and that we have taken some margin hit because of that.
Howard Hideshima: Yes. Rajesh, this is Howard. Again, Internet data centers are primarily our full servers. Okay, we use to put the boxes in for them and then ship them out to. With regard to servers versus subsystems and accessories, on an overall basis, we sense there it could be as much as a 5%-10% gross margin differential between the two categories.
Howard Hideshima: We can keep in good control of our OpEx expenses, we go to annual review cycle for employee base in September and we will see some expenses for payroll, but generally, we kept it fairly close to what our percentage of revenue has been in the past.
