Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard.  In summary, the strong demand from our customer [inaudible] to be closer to market and to demonstrate the power of our brand as technology innovators.  We [inaudible] and logistics are fully ready and we feel the upcoming Sandy Bridge [inaudible].  Our investment has almost come to fruition.  Calendar 2012 will be the year of technology to Sandy Bridge and Super Micro is ready for a challenge and the opportunity. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Thank you for the question.  Indeed, we saw a completed season about four years ago, so our hard drive relationship with Apia [inaudible] compare with our PO and competitors.  However, that relationship has been improving a gradually especially in the last couple months.  So we do feel our situation in [inaudible] hard drive is improved today.  It’s much better than December timeframe.  So we see that improvement, and we will continue to work on that.  So for [inaudible] launch, I believe we will be in safe position.
Charles Liang: Yes, the reason why we over the range is because of hard drive deal and not visible.  But again, that’s [inaudible].  Spaces today, we feel much better than December timeframe.
Charles Liang: As of this moment, we feel the hard drive condition will be slightly better than December quarter.  And again, because of the unknown factor, we are not just sure.  That’s why I give a nodule rate.
Charles Liang: December quarter indeed, we’ve seen a very strong demand, and that’s why we have big backorders.  But because of hard drive supply was not efficient.  That’s why we did not ship it that much.  However, March quarter, I mean this quarter because Sandy Bridge will be in full production.  So we see a strong demand there, and we believe for this quarter will be at least slightly better than our December quarter.
Charles Liang: Yes, indeed we have higher indeed of 15% more engineering head count in the last two quarters.  That’s pretty much to meet the Sandy Bridge demand.  But now in the next two quarters, we have a pretty much our engineering manpower now, so we won’t increase that much in the near future.
Charles Liang: The next few quarters, yes, the hard drive quotient may be not that sexy, but Sandy Bridge put out a new product with good technology, which will help us a little bit.
Charles Liang: The Taiwan operation was [inaudible] much lower than Bay Area, so eventually, we’ll be able to take that advantage.  However for March quarter, because it’s a new facility, so [inaudible].  So I will say that eventually, we’ll have it, but not immediately.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today.  And we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter.  Thank you everyone.  Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Glenn, like I said, I think what we would say is the demand is strong.  The backlog is strong, so clearly as Charles mentioned, we’re building our relationships to hard disk drives and we feel it’s better.  But again, the wider range is due to the hard disk drive.
Howard Hideshima: Matt, this is Howard.  Yes, we do see lumpiness.  You know, it’s a project base system, so we do see lumpiness there.  However as indicated, the Sandy Bridge product is going to be a good product.  And so we’ve got a full line of Sandy Bridge products coming out that will take the benefits of that.  That should be very appealing to the data center as well as all the other HEC clients that we have.  So we see pretty good demand, strong demand in that area.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Glenn, you’re exactly right.  We won’t incur some of those moving expense.  However, I do have some audits and tax fees that I will be paying, so you won’t see as much of a move as you saw in the previous quarter to quarter.
