Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. Now fourth quarter was a record high for Super Micro, with growth at 26.2% higher year-over-year and that our pace is more than 4x the industry's growth rate. We start a new fiscal year with the strongest product line in our history and with our global foundation and operation ready for a big jump. I am fully confident that 2015 will be a breakthrough year for Super Micro. Operator, at this time, we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you, Aaron. A very good question. Yes, most of our customers continue to buy more product from us, but at the same time, we're also growing our overall revenue. So I would like to say we will grow more large customer and at the same time grow -- each customer will grow.
Charles Liang: Yes, I believe they still have a lot of room for us to grow gross margin. For example, our Asia facility today, its utilization rate is only about 15%, and we see it will continue to grow strongly. And similarly, we're just purchasing a some would say [ph], more greenhills campus, 36-acre. We just started to use that new facility. So we already paid for the facility, and we just start to use that facility. Again, that utilization rate will continue to grow as well. So all of those will help us. By the way, the new Intel Grantley platform, as you know, we always have the time-to-market advantage. And we already shipped thousands of our systems to early deployment customer, and during this month -- next month, we will ship kind of pretty good volume on our early deployment product. So all of those will help us in the gross margin and revenue.
Charles Liang: We focus on really high-end, high-efficiency system. For those systems, indeed, each system customer had [ph] also memory and hard drive. And that may be one of the key factors. That's why our ASP grew a lot, especially virtualization. People need a huge memory and hard drive.
Charles Liang: Yes, the new product happened very smoothly this time so far, and we already -- that's why I mentioned we already have 1,000 now deployed already, and many more thousand is coming this month and next month. So we can see -- we do believe a smooth transition. And that transition will be strong, I believe, at this moment.
Charles Liang: Yes, it's a very good question. We start to see some customer come to us because they really want the best quality and on-site service kind of capability. And naturally, we are most positive for them. So we do see some change coming, and it looks like this trend will continue.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Adding to that, Aaron. Again, as I mentioned, we had no 10% customers. That vertical is going well for us per se. And like I said, we talk about the 3 data centers that we won a couple of quarters ago. Those are going well for us. So there are new relationships that are doing well for us.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Aaron, I think, like I said, while the mix of Internet Data Center business went up to 17.8% this quarter from last quarter, I think you'll see that our gross margins overall increased. I think we've been saying all along that it's important for us to be in that Internet Data Center vertical because, while it is competitive, it helps us increase our purchasing power. So that -- if you can take a look at an example, that will more than offset any of the downward pressure that we had during that quarter because it really reflects onto the rest of our business as far as that purchasing power.
Howard Hideshima: We've kept the range the same, Mark. Right now, it's 16% to 18%. We think we have some great opportunities, and we'll keep that range. But also, we have some great opportunities to grow our business, as we talked about and Charles talked about.
Howard Hideshima: We said in the past that we wanted to get to about 100% utilization in the next year. That's been said before on the 3 lines we have. Remember, we have capacity for 6 to 8 lines there. So again, we have room to grow, and we're looking at adding additional lines there. As far as sizing the benefit from that, again, labor costs and those types of things are about 1/3 less than what they are here. So it can be -- we call it as one of the biggest levers for us in helping our gross margins.
Howard Hideshima: Aaron, if I look back at this past year, I guess we were fairly good at managing our free cash flow. The only negative that we had, I think, we were about $16 million negative for the year or so on our free cash flow. And quite frankly, that was due to the purchase of the property that we had that we financed about half of it and we -- and then we purchased it out of our cash with the rest of it. So again, that wasn't bad given that we were able to support the growth of the business. And I think that's where our focus is going to be, not to -- to keep leveraging the business, and quite frankly, grow our business and then reinvest that working capital, the money that we'll be generating from our profits, back into the business to continue this growth. That's our focus.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Mark. Actually, it grew for us about -- I think it was 17% quarter-over-quarter and is still expanding for us. It's still important for us going forward, and we still see some long life in that going forward for many quarters.
