Charles Liang: Thank you, Howard. We see significant opportunities with Super Micro to continue our industry leading growth in the next quarter and long term. We are actively participating and leading the IT evolution to the cloud. We are helping the market to accelerate the shift to software defined big data and cloud based solutions. With our extensive application up to many product portfolio and first to marketing innovation., we are well positioned for solid growth in the long term and will continue to outpace overall industry growth story. Operator at this time we are ready for questions.
Charles Liang: Very good question. Indeed we have been very aggressively expanding our global operation including Asia and Europe. And that’s why we are in better on those factors for CT, to hire people, train people and now our utilization rate although only 60% now we believe that we’ll continue to grow quickly. And as to 3 billion target I guess it won’t be too far away maybe in one or two quarter from our original expectation because of our macro economy.
Charles Liang: Yes, I mean we [indiscernible] much better performance per dollar and perform well, we did see quicker growth and together we saw NVMe kind of available across our product line, we did, we do expect quicker growth with our NVMe solutions.
Charles Liang: Yes, we are continuously growing in the enterprise as well especially software defined storage and cloud as well. But last quarter unfortunately the big order from some big datacenter kind of slowing down that impact us a lot for the March quarter.
Charles Liang: Yes, we do see some customers start to have [indiscernible] for our Broadwell and not just Broadwell, again NVMe solution. Our NVMe solution have been exactly the strongest player at this time I believe.
Charles Liang: I guess the last quarter another factor to lower gross margin was the market going down right so key component was memory and hard drive prices are lower than before. And other than that utilization rate now we have plenty enough space so we can continue to grow our revenues without investing more on those facilities so that's some positive sign.
Charles Liang: We would be, our growth will be very strong still multiple time or industry average gross rate. However, again the macro environment looks like it will be solved that's why we would be more conservative.
Charles Liang: Yes, we do see kind of [indiscernible] datacenter pricing become more competitive than before. And again, as you know we are selective to take [indiscernible].
Charles Liang: Yes, we do see, our management survey defines [indiscernible] for cloud continue to grow quickly. Again 2x or 3x yearly. And we believe this change will continue.
Charles Liang: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you everyone, have a great day.
Howard Hideshima: Hey Mark, this is Howard. Yes with regards to [indiscernible] to say in the quarter between as December and March quarter there was no that I say I think the seasonality is really the big story between the two quarters. Again December quarter was seasonally strong as it was for the industry and quite frankly for ourselves as well then there is some softness that happens right after that in the March quarter. The big difference between the two quarters is primarily seasonality but we did see some softness in some of our customers as well.
Howard Hideshima: I think you saw that like I said, if you want to call it was pretty wide spread around variety of different markets that we talked about here.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, we talked a little bit about the product mix with regards to selling more datacenter optimized products, the DC products that refer to on the phone and that is specifically geared toward the I will call hyper scale, kind of guy.
Howard Hideshima: Yes, Mark we have just brought on board as Charles and I both mentioned, increased expansion primarily here in the US and in Europe to match up with some of the great opportunities that we see there and also our goal is to go on and expand in further parts of the US and in Europe. So again, we are hopeful that as we fill the opportunities up there that we will continue to fill up the demand capacity.
Howard Hideshima: Just to add to what Charles said to, I understand that we just bought some of our investments on board for our capacity that weren’t there in September. So again, if you are comparing September quarter versus the March quarter with regard to two seasonally weaker, there was some different investment that we just brought online for further capacity and utilization that is in particular this quarter. 
Howard Hideshima: We haven't given specific gross margin guidance on the ranges there, so I think you guys can trace it back along the EPS.
