Charles Liang: Yes. I believe our business have been very solid now, except COVID-19, so in USA is still very severe. So we are very carefully taking care of that, while kind of aggressively grow our operation business in Taiwan. So COVID is getting better as now we expect. Our business should be getting to a much smooth -- much strong growth period. So we have a good feeling about the coming quarters or years.
Charles Liang: Yes, like I just shared with everyone, we start to focus on large data center and OEMs since about 3 months ago. And we already achieved a couple of them. And they start to move. And we believe that volume we will ramp up very soon in this year and next year, I believe. As to 5G telco, again, we already engaged a handful customers, kind of the world-class telco company. So relationship has been created very solidly, and they start to move, some in small volume, and we also expect some high volume will follow very soon, and it will be long-term partnership. So overall, we are very optimistic for our long-term growth.
Charles Liang: Yes. I hope within the next few weeks because we still have the last quarter. But because of COVID-19 as really coming very bad, so we kind of take a wait-and-see. But now look like it seems getting under control. So I hope in the next few weeks, we will have a big investor event, so to share the company plan, future, the momentum with our investment.
Charles Liang: I guess we will announce it in the next 2 weeks, for example, and hopefully have that event in 3 to 4 weeks.
Charles Liang: Yes. As you know, we have a very strong Intel product line. At the same time, we also have a pretty big AMD product line. So once the market have demand, we will grow. And even if the market keep flat, because of our outstanding product, our kind of data solution overall, so we believe once the market is not too bad, we will have a chance to grow smoothly kind of -- and if the market is growing, I guess our growth will be very significant. And as you know, since the company was funded since 1993 to 2017, our growth has been always much faster than the industry average, and I believe we are getting back to that position very soon.
Charles Liang: Yes, it's kind of -- impact is very bad and very broadly, unfortunately, in that -- more than 9 months now. So our logistical, for example, it's become very harder to ship products. Even from Asia to U.S.A., we see the shipping delay cost increase [indiscernible] or even more, sort of logistic time-to-market delay and logistics cost increase. And then lots of customer work from home and some of our employee work from home. So all of those created a difficulty for business, especially for application optimized solution. And the good thing is that our auto congregator, which is a program to help sales, help our engineers, help our customer to work together to make the best optimized solution for them. The tool is getting ready. I believe by end of this quarter, most of our sales engineer and customer will be able to use those tools. So I'm very excited for the tool to be available in this quarter.
Charles Liang: Yes. As you know, we have two kind of customers. One is a high-end enterprise. We like our better product, better performance, better service. And then we also have another customer who buy high volume and they want lower cost. So before most of our operations are tied in U.S.A and with COVID-19, the impact was really big. But now we have a tower in operation getting ready, especially by early summer, we will have a much bigger capacity. So we can start to service those customers who buy high volume and cost sensitive. So we are very excited. We start to line up with those customers since about 12 months ago. Now we have some customer relationship that are already established and we already promised them that we are ready to support them. So in terms of how much impact, I would like to say maybe 2% or a little bit more than that. And 2% for enterprise, something that small. But for high-volume customer, that 2% or 3%, indeed, is a big difference for them. So we are very happy we have those opportunity now ready from Taiwan.
Charles Liang: Okay. I mean especially of the pandemic, COVID-19 problems happened, all our Internet, all our social networking company have a strong demand. And those high-volume customers, indeed, they move in high volume, but they want low price, right? So, before we kind of -- did not really focus on those segment of customer. But because our Taiwan operation facility is getting ready, so we start to work with those customers, engaged with them. And we got some very good feedback. So, we are really engaged with some of them. And like what I just mentioned, we ship a small volume now and the high volume should follow later this year.
Charles Liang: The good thing about Super Micro is in the last 27 years, we already established our brand name and our credibility for quality, for service. And now, especially our management software, our service is global wide, have been well recognized by enterprise accounts. So, we are ready to work with any kind of customer, directly with any customer or we'll go through some OEM. So we open that opportunity.
Charles Liang: Yes. I'll try to -- also the pace, basically. We have some very close partner. They really want us to present something unique, something that outperform for the market. And also some customers, they want to really outstanding, unique platform design. So we work with both vendors and customers, so for those special design and usually they pay some NRE.
Charles Liang: For sure, our goal is not for NRE data. Our really goal is for a partnership. When you work with a vendor to design, really optimize the solution, then we together approach the market. Same thing for customers. Some customers with their special application or data center equipment or architecture, we have planned, designed something exactly optimized for their environment. And because of Building Block Solution nature, makes Supermicro are much easier and much more efficient to design those unique solution model.
Charles Liang: Yes. As you know, a new generation process or platform always outperform the previous generation, right? For the same price, usually, they are kind of 10% or up to 40% faster performance, right? So for sure, a lot of our large customers, they want a new generation product. And Supermicro is good for that kind of it's our building cloud solution. Traditionally, we always introduce new technology to market a few months or a few quarter earlier than others. So this time, we have that advantage again. And other than the market grows, indeed because we have better solution, or better service, better quality, so indeed, we are gaining much share from others as well.
Charles Liang: Yes. We saw a lot of constraints across almost all different kind of components. So we have been very carefully engaged with our partner and have a forecast, have a kind of a contract. So logistic costs also increased, lead time also increased. But with our contract and relationship, at this moment, I feel there are a lot of challenges, but we should be safe for our smooth growth.
Charles Liang: Hard to say, hard to say. But we try to have many more customer because our customer base was still small compared with our long-term goal. So with now a much bigger capacity, so we are able to engage with many more partners. So I believe that question yes or no, it will happen. It's happy to have -- it will not happen, it's also happy to be more diversified. So I'm pretty neutral attitude for that and look at where it seems will be under managed.
Charles Liang: Yes. As -- I guess, Supermicro a have much more diversified product line now and also customer base in terms of vertical, in terms of many more customers. So we are a much more diversified customer -- a diversified company now. And with our extension to Taiwan and also our capacity growth in U.S.A., we are ready to be a much bigger size content.
Charles Liang: Yes. For example, telco 5G, we did not focus on that market before. But since about 2 years ago, we start to focus on this market, and we're already engaged with some very good partner globally. And for example, a large data center and OEM, we did not really focus on that segment in the last 10 years. But about 12 months ago or 18 months ago, we started to engage with some, and we have a good achievement. Also for IoT, we continue to extend our IoT product line. So Supermicro indeed likes to be a much more diversified, much service customer as a one-stop shopping company partner.
Charles Liang: We did not see that specifically. But that's why, we just mentioned, Supermicro is great to grow company to be a $10 billion revenue company in the near future. And in our investor event, we will share more detail about that.
Charles Liang: Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and looking forward to meeting you next quarter. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Kevin Bauer: Yes, John, this is Kevin. I would just echo what Charles has said is that when you have work from home, it definitely reduces the coordination of the organization. So we have to push harder in that arena. And then some other examples like just having to confirm that there's someone else on the other side to receive the shipment, not all companies are open every day. So there's definitely a lot of little different things like that, that make conducting business more difficult, like Charles had said.
Kevin Bauer: Well, I think we shared that we thought that the gross margin would be declining quarter-over-quarter because of some cost increases as well as the specific mix of products that we're going to ship. So, I would say that you would weigh it probably towards what the expectations are for gross margin in the immediate quarter going forward. That would be the heavier weight, we'll put it that way.
Kevin Bauer: And so therefore, that consumption of cash will abate for a while because our maintenance capital is like $5 million to $7 million a quarter. And so that will help free up some cash in the second half of calendar 2021. And that's kind of the moving pieces that we're thinking about. And with the continued cash generation of the company, we felt confident to get to $200 million program.
Kevin Bauer: Yes. So, we worked very closely with some of our chief component suppliers to work on platforms that work with their key components. And so, we really look to work with those key vendors to enable platforms that we believe are ones that are going to get traction in the marketplace. So, we look at what's the likely popularity of those platforms and then enter into those arrangements. They tend to be rather short term in nature. So I want to share with you that it's not like a multiyear development, but rather maybe a half year development. So, it's a little bit easier to make those commitments because -- but not only they're not so large, but also the prospects for the product are pretty close in the future.
