Badri Kothandaraman: Not much really, because the new markets are just ramping for us. For example, we introduced storage into Italy in Q1. So, really that's the only one where we introduced into a new market. Prior to that, if you see, we introduced into a few European countries. Prior to that, we introduced in UK. In fact, our storage is -- the channel is very healthy. We are actually normalized as we speak on storage. That's what I said. We are there on storage. In fact, I'll give you a data that I didn't talk about in the call. Sell-through, our sell-through of batteries in Q4 overall worldwide was 140 megawatt hours. While the sell-through of batteries in Q1 was 128 megawatt hours, only 8% down. It's a much better than the seasonality of 20% that we are seeing on the other products. And so, batteries are doing well in general, yet despite the 128 megawatt hours of sell-through, we had the discipline to only ship 75.5 megawatt hours. That means we took 43 megawatt hours out of the channel. The channel is quite lean for storage. That's why you see we are increasing the guidance. When I guided for Q1, I guided 70 megawatt hours to 90 megawatt hours. Now, I'm guiding for Q2, I'm guiding 100 megawatt hours to 120 megawatt hours on storage. So, storage is a good story. We expect it to continue. We expect over the long term, every market to transition to solar plus storage. We talked about the color on some of our markets. Netherlands, we talked about. France, we talked about. Germany is already there. California will get there soon. So, in general, storage is a good story for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. And we measure something called ASP variance and we measure something called customer variance. A customer variance means how much pricing did you drop at a particular customer quarter-to-quarter. And ASP variance is simply a function of how your mix did. For example, if you have a lower pricing for a particular customer and his volume went up, it will show up as an overall reduction in ASP. Really the measure of effectiveness in pricing comes from customer ASP variance. Are you dropping pricing at a particular customer? And the answer is we are very disciplined there. So, what you are seeing is a result of mix, but we are extremely disciplined when it comes to -- you talked about, in order to move inventory, do you need to lower pricing? No, we don't do -- we don't play games like that. So, we are disciplined. We will be disciplined. We sell on value and what you're seeing is purely a product mix issue.
Badri Kothandaraman: Got it. So, Brian, in Q1, our sell-through demand, which is end customer demand was $376 million, in Q1, and we reported revenue of $263.3 million. Therefore, you can do the math, $376 minus $263 million is $113 million of under-shipment. Now in Q2, I guided $290 million to $330 million, midpoint of guidance is $310 million. And now, I said my estimated sell-through in Q2, which is reflective of end customer demand is $400 million. So, the difference between the two, $310 million minus $400 million or the other way, $400 million minus $310 million is the $90 million of under-shipment. Now, what could that $400 million be in the second half of the year? That's where we are talking about the markets. We expect Europe, for example, to continuously improve. Netherlands government has approved net metering for the foreseeable future. We are starting to see the lead generation much higher in the Netherlands. That should start to result in -- resulting in increased sell-through and increased activations in Netherlands, which is a big deal. Next one is France. France, the utility rates are helping us. So, you can see despite this environment, we expect France to be strong. Third one is Germany. We reported sell-through of 28% higher in Q1 from Q4. And once again, there the cost of electricity is high and we expect solar and storage or solar and batteries to continuously grow. On top of it, I talked about our product introductions. In the last year, we have set ourselves up nice by introducing IQ8 and batteries everywhere. We are now in 24 countries. Even in Q1, we introduced batteries into Italy. Prior to that, we introduced into UK, then we introduced Sweden, Denmark, et cetera prior to that. I'm not going to list everything. So, we are attacking new markets in both Asia as well as Europe. And now let's come back to the US. In the US, the dynamics are non-California states and California states. I mean, yeah, in California. So, non-California states, there are multiple data points for us to tell you that things are improving. In the last few weeks, enough -- in the last few weeks, let's say, last four weeks, we are seeing better sell-through numbers compared to what we saw prior to that. That's the first data point. The second one is we have our internal Solargraf software, which is now being used by over 1,000-plus installers, and therefore we can look at sales, proposals, contracts we can see those numbers are continuously going up in March. The numbers are up in March versus February. Numbers are up in April versus March. So that's a good sign. Then, of course, it is anecdotal. My interactions with customers in California in the last four weeks, all of them universally said March is a much better sales month than February. The last one is you do see third-party analytics reports like that talk about permitting and you can see the -- in general, the permits for non-California as well as California are up in the month of March versus February. By the way, the trends that I told you are valid for both non-California as well as California in the last few weeks. So, we are cautiously optimistic that things are turning and that's why I said Q1 is the bottom quarter. That's why we are raising our guidance to $290 million to $330 million for Q2. That's why we said the sell-through is going up from $376 million to $400 million. And we expect with these growth trends, we expect a sell-through to continuously go up. And the last one, the point which I wanted to talk about was interest rates. We now hear that there are going to be likely two interest rates, two cuts instead of maybe three or four planned before. So anytime that there is a cut that is going to expand the non-California states even further, meaning the demand further. So, those all could come into play.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, I think what you said is correct. Meaning, once the channel is normalized, sell-in and sell-out should be balanced. So, that's right. So, for example, we do expect the sell-through in Q3 to be higher, but if you were to say it is -- sell-through remains around, let's say, $400 million level, our sell-in would remain similar because now we have taken all the inventory out. We don't need to do any under-shipment any longer. So, our sell-in and sell-out are balanced at that time. But like what I said, there are several vectors for that sell-through to improve in Q3, which I highlighted, all of the things in Europe, all of the new products we are introducing, non-California states, which are improving, California installers learning to do NEM 3.0, more financing options being available to the installers in general than before in the US, and us starting to ramp on small commercial products. So, all of that you know make me optimistic that sell-through would start to become higher in Q3 and beyond.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. In general, we are not perfect. We forecast based on the seasonality. We were right in most places. And as I reported, the California numbers were a little bit worse and you can see that. The sell-through in California was about 30% lower, 37% on microinverters, and about, I think, 18% or 19% on batteries. So, I think California was the wildcard, which I did mention in the prior quarter. And I think we are getting though increasing confidence on California. I outlined everything which we discussed with the California installers. So, we are confident in our forecast right now and the first few weeks of the quarter seem to be trending in that direction.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. IQ9, first of all, we were going to -- we are working on two flavors. One is a 427 watt microinverter and the other is a 548 watt microinverter. The 427 watt microinverter would be what I would consider the bread and butter for the US in probably a year from today, which is right in the timeframe that we are introducing. And I would say that typically an introduction in the ramp for a new product like that would be four to six quarters based upon our experience with IQ8. So, two flavors, 427 watts and 548 watts. In the 548 watts, things get a lot more interesting. We are now going to have the 548 watts for three-phase, 208 volts as well as 480 volts small commercial installs. So, that'll be good. The principal thing about IQ9 is it uses gallium nitride. Gallium Nitride enables a high -- much higher power with similar form factor. It's got a good efficiency and it doesn't dissipate as much heat. So, when we are using it in our -- both the AC as well as DC FETs, we are able to get -- we don't need to blow up the microinverter form factor. And the other advantage with gallium nitride is it allows us to operate at a higher frequency. Earlier, we used to operate at -- or today in IQ8, we are operating at 100 kilohertz. With gallium nitride, we can go up to a megahertz and we need to -- we are working on our ASIC in order to get to that capability of a megahertz. But once you get to a megahertz, then what happens is you can basically get rid of your big transformers. And the transformer sizes can all go down. And anyone who knows about inverters know that there is a lot of dollars going in there. So, in terms of form factor, things will get a lot more tighter, so that now since they get tighter, you're not talking about blowing up the area due to higher power because one of the concerns always is efficiency. When you have higher power, if you operate at your same efficiency, you're dissipating a lot of heat. Like for example, at 548 watts, you have let's say, 97% efficiency, that means 548 watts times 3% that's 16 watts of power and 16 watts of heat. But with the gallium nitride FETs, we are able to operate them with good efficiency. And so, we don't need to blow up the inverter and we can keep it with an elegant form factor. For installers, we can look at bringing the dollars per watt continuously down. Because for us, the more compact we make the microinverter, the more integration we achieve, the better it is. And just as FYI, where there are four silicon FETs before on the AC side, we will only need two silicon FETs or transistors because we got something called as a bidirectional switch for GaN. It can operate both ways. So, just zooming back to a higher level, GaN will allow us to operate at higher power, lower efficiency with the same form factor thereby dropping the dollar per watt because you're increasing your power a lot.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, there what I was talking on the question from Colin, which was microinverters was installer mix. That's correct. But this question that you are asking, the 39% meaning, we guided 39% to 42% for non-GAAP gross margin without IRA in Q2. Your question is why? And yes, we increased our battery guidance by 30 megawatt hours. As you can see, Q1 guidance was 70 megawatt hours to 90 megawatt hours. We increased 100 megawatt hours to 120 megawatt hours. That means we are -- the battery to microinverter ratio is increasing from before. We are getting a -- we are getting better and better and better on the gross margin of batteries, and you'll see those numbers continuously improve. On batteries specifically, I called out three factors. I said the cell pack costs are continuing to come down rapidly. We are beginning to manufacture now our microinverters, which are used in the battery. We are beginning to manufacture them in the US. Those will provide us with the production tax credit, which is exactly the intention that we need to produce that product in the US, the inverter is made in the battery. And then, the last one, which is exciting one is where we are moving to a more integrated architecture for power conversion and battery management. And basically, what's going to happen is our third-generation battery, the Y direction is going to almost get cut by 40%, and instead of six microinverters that we have in the third-generation battery, we will now have two microinverters, one on each side of the fourth-generation battery significantly cutting down the form factor. So, we expect that to bring in another big level of improvement in gross margin. So, those are the gross margin puts and takes on our batteries.
Badri Kothandaraman: No. What happens is, there is a few things that happen there. It depends upon the power of the microinverters that we are building. Sometimes we may build a 384 watt microinverter, you do the $0.11 per watt math there or we may build a 640 watt microinverter that is used inside the battery. So, it's a function of that and purely a function of that. So, it just falls out. The higher power we make, the more advantage we have, which is why we are beginning to -- I told you that we are beginning to make our small commercial IQ8P microinverters starting in Q2 as well from the US. So those are 480 watts, so $0.11 a watt is $53 gross benefit, gross production tax credit there.
Badri Kothandaraman: That is conservatism. And yes, I knew that you guys would ask me the questions because you're intelligent. I said, carefully worded, that it is almost there. That's what I said. But you're right in general. The battery, we expect to run quite lean on batteries. And so, yes, we are conservative. It does seem that there is some opportunity for upside there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, Phil, you know that we don't give guidance for Q3 nor Q4, but I described all of the tailwinds. And we are growing by -- from a sell-through demand of $376 million to $400 million. And we described the growth vectors. We are optimistic about all of the growth vectors. And we talked about the puts and takes in Europe. We talked about Netherlands. We talked about France. We talked about Germany. We are extremely bullish there. We are introducing a lot of new products in those regions. We expect -- we have done that in the last year. We expect them to take off. Then, we talked about the non-California states where we are seeing them seasonally bounce back up. So -- and California -- I would say California installers are, like what I said, I was extremely optimistic after my trip. The last three to four weeks of data also shows good trends. So, while we are talking about a sell-through demand, end customer demand of $400 million in Q2, I expect the numbers to go continuously up in Q3 and Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, I mean, we do see reports. We do see sell-side reports. We do see third-party reports. We are focused on highlighting our value and working with installers in these times. These are difficult times, so we're trying to help them with all the services we have, whether it's proposal, whether it is permitting, whether it is proper modeling, whether it is leads, or whether it's simply to understand their RMAs, how can we help them understand their service, understand their labor, understand how to improve their efficiency doing Kaizen with the installer. So, we believe that our relationships with the installers in these times is the single most reason on any market share gain that you're highlighting. Normally, from sell-through to activations, for us, it will take us about four to eight weeks. And -- but any market share gains, we will start potentially seeing going forward. Because as you know, when installers switched to us, no one switches 100% like that. There is a ramp associated with ramping down what they are using and ramping up the new product. And I would say that will show up definitely as sell-through increases, and we will report that in Q2. I mean, we will report our Q2 results in the Q3 call, that's what I mean.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, so let me answer all of them. We expect -- I mean, Europe as well as the US have healthy growth vectors for us. We do expect 50-50 from North America and Europe. Your other question was...
Badri Kothandaraman: Battery. Yeah, micro versus battery. I would say considering that non-California states, the battery attach isn't high. So, micro versus battery, I would still say 60-40 on micros, micros versus battery is what I would say. And the last one you asked is that eight to 10 weeks. The way we measure our weeks on hand is typically backward looking is what we say is over the quarter, this was the sell-through rate, this is the inventory you have on hand today, divide the inventory by the sell-through rate, you get the weeks on hand. One of the interesting ways that I would expect distributors will measure it will be forward-looking weeks of inventory, which is, if the demand, for example, in the last two or three weeks shows a significant uptick, that weeks on hand would be existing amount they have in front of them divided by that increased rate in the last two to four weeks. And so, those numbers, in good times, the forward-looking inventory weeks on hand will be lower than the backward looking weeks on hand. And so, for us, we are consistent in the way we measure it. We always look at -- whenever I tell you weeks on hand, I will tell you that, okay, this is the sell-through for the quarter that what happened in, for example, Q1, this is what happened in Q1. This was the inventory at the end of Q1. That inventory, channel inventory, divided by the sell-through gives the weeks on hand. And our number rule of thumb or our general number has been always eight to 10 weeks. If you're on the upswing, forward-looking weeks on hand could be smaller than that.
Badri Kothandaraman: That's right, load shifting is a significant fraction of our installs. That's right. And then, the second is, when is the meter collar coming out? So, just for the benefit of the audience, basically California has something called meter main combos. These meter main combos have both the meter and the main panel integrate into one structure. And when you have to insert backup, everybody knows you have to do ugly things like ripping your loads apart. You have to put a backup switch in between. Therefore, there's a lot of labor that is actually spent in doing that. Typically, a day or two is spent in relocating all of those loads and then putting a system controller in between the meter and the main load center. With the meter collar, it's a very elegant way where you have that switch at the meter. It's a device that comes around the meter. It's got the MID, which is the microgrid interconnect switch relay, right there at the meter, at the collar, and that basically means you don't spend any labor relocating those loads. Our version of the meter collar is coming out shortly. It will be piloting by the end of the year.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, I think they're all much more savvy than what we think, especially the long tail. The people I met are representative of the segments we service. They -- typically they do between 1 megawatt and 5 megawatts a year. That means you can probably see they generate revenues between $5 million and $15 million -- or $5 million and $20 million a year, annual revenue. They have teams usually two to three crews or even one to two crews, very lean team. Company is less than 50 people. And core employees are relatively less. They use contractors if they have to, and they have become very smart in managing money as well. They know that they shouldn't be -- they should be lean in these times. They don't waste money. They have less inventory. One other big thing that has changed is now they have a lot more financing options available to them. So, they have a lot of options available to them. They have, if loans do not work well, they have leases or PPAs. Many of them -- I did meet at least a third, maybe 30% of the installers were still selling cash to the customers in Southern California as well as Northern California. Those are no problem. But the other folks were moving to lease in PPA rapidly now that there are multiple suppliers. So, all in all, I think what I'm trying to say is that they are nimble. They understand exactly what is happening. They are very savvy on the product. They gave us a number of ideas to improve and do even better than what we are doing. And we are going to take their feedback. And I'm not worried whether they will be able to grow. They'll be able to grow exactly like us in these times, in good times.
Badri Kothandaraman: I would basically expect that it is roughly in the ratio that we shipped, which is I would say two-thirds US and a third Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: The question is, is there any update on SunPower? SunPower has new management, as everybody knows, and we know Tom Werner well. I've been talking to Tom. Right now, it's a business as usual for us. We have a very strong relationship. We are supporting SunPower well and vice versa. And when we sign such a contract, we will let you know.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, we're having a hard time hearing you, but I think I got the question. This is, replacement for your Chief Commercial Officer I guess the question. Yes, we've already finalized that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, we've already finalized that. We have two very experienced executives that I have put in charge, because Europe is so important for us. I wanted a very experienced executive to live in Europe, somebody who understands the headquarters properly. And so, one of our executive staff, meaning the one that report to me, his name is Sabbas Daniel, he is going to be running all of Europe and South Africa sales. So, basically, he is actually relocating to Europe in order to manage that team. And then, the team in the rest of the world, I call it, Americas, Australia, India, Asia, both Americas, North as well as South, that's -- especially North American team is a very seasoned team. We have Ken Fong runs our North American team, while Mehran is the Senior Vice President who is going to manage Rest of the World sales, and Ken Fong will report to him. And Mehran has got a lot of experience in batteries. He's the one who actually created the battery business unit at Enphase and ramped it to high revenue. So, both the executive Sabbas as well as Mehran have lots of experience, and they'll be able to pay a lot more attention to these regions, and we expect it to be incrementally positive for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So, I mean, the answer is somewhat simple. It is to basically get a hold on the metrics of the front end, which is, leads get converted into proposals, converted into contracts, converted into permits, and then the installs happen, then you have activations. So, we have to get into the front end. And getting into the front end, we have Solargraf. Solargraf is a platform for us which helps us because we provide the design and proposal software. And therefore, that gives us the entire visibility on -- it doesn't need to give us the customer -- what every customer is doing, but the broad trends and broad strokes are what we are interested saying, this month what happened in this particular region? What is the statistics of leads versus contracts signed? And then, we do have third-party reports for permits. And of course, we do have our own Enlighten software for activations. And of course, in between we have sell-through, which is when the distributors sell our products to installers from the channel. So, what we are doing is to essentially tighten up that entire chain by putting in metrics at every point there. And by having more and more and more revenue coverage for Solargraf design and proposal tools so that as many installers possible are on that particular tool. So, then we have a lot more statistics. We'll continue to get aggregate reports from third parties as much as they are available. And putting all of these together to create a regression model, maybe even with the help of some sophisticated machine learning. And then, the key is for us to then make decisions on sell-in into how much do we sell into the channel? What are the guard bands of selling into the channel at the end of the day? Like don't get -- don't succumb to irrational exuberance. That is, you think everything is going to be great, therefore you ship a lot more into the channel than the sell-through, do not ever succumb to that. Go always by -- my ex-boss used to call it as mass balance. Mass balance means, whatever you ship out of the channel, you ship into the channel. So, we are putting in all of those statistical process control in place. And we are already better for it. Our weekly ship review every Wednesday, we have exactly the graph, how much is our sell-through? How much is our sell-in? Should we really do so much of sell-in? Are we going to stay within the guardrails, which is eight to 10 weeks? Anytime somebody goes above 10 weeks, we question saying, "Why do it?" And it helps us -- it's starting to help us in many ways. Because then we focus on the real growth, which is, you then start focusing on training installers to increase sell-through. You start understanding which of the installers aren't doing enough volume with you. Sales guys are focused on the right things versus pushing in stuff into the channel. So, I think companies have gotten a lot better in this front during the last year.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. We have over a thousand installers on Solargraf using our design and proposal tool. And we have over a few hundred using our permitting tool.
Badri Kothandaraman: Gallium nitride, we do have a lot of sources for gallium nitride transistors. Some of the sources are people we already do business with for the silicon FETs. So, we aren't worried. We have lots of opportunities. There is many people with good quality gallium nitride FETs. Raghu will take the question on NEM 3.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, I'll add some color and then Mandy can add more. We did approximately a similar amount in both quarters, but I'll explain the nuance. In Q4, we did -- we bought back shares for $100 million. While in Q1 what we did was we did a combination, which is we bought back shares for about $40 million-odd, and we -- some of our stock options, which basically were actually vesting, those stock options, essentially, Mandy didn't allow them to dilute the market. So, we basically spent about $60 million as anti-dilution there. So, in a sense, we spent the same money, $100 million; $40 million for buying back shares out of the market, $60 million for preventing shares into the market. We did that and we continue to -- I mean, you should expect us to continue to do a similar amount as long as the stock is attractive, which it is right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, I mean that's an interesting question. All our conversations with installers -- there was one installer who had a backlog of nine months, and there are installers with a backlog of three months. So, we don't really know what the answer is. Like you, we were surprised that the number is still 50%, NEM 2. But installers are learning on NEM 3 rapidly. They are depleting through their NEM 2 backlog. I'm not sure. I can't forecast the number. But I'm sure that within six months, it will dwindle down.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye.
Philip Shen: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Back to Brian's question earlier on the timing of normalized revenue, Badri, I think you said on the last call, the $475 million would come in the back half of this year. Are we still on track for that? So, the $475 million could be in either Q3 or Q4? And can you walk us through -- is it more likely Q4 or Q3, or if there's a chance that that gets pushed out to Q1? Thanks.
Philip Shen: Great. Okay. So, very much still on path, but there might be a little bit of risk, but you definitely see a path, it sounds like.
Philip Shen: Great. Okay. Thank you. Shifting gears to maybe data that might be even ahead of sell-through, our channel work suggests in this challenging US resi time, you guys are gaining a healthy amount of share, whether it's 5% from one source versus a recent poll that we did, you might be gaining 11% share with 5% of the market, that's pretty healthy and potentially can make a big difference. And so, wanted to see if you can help us understand what is the activation implied revenue that you might be seeing versus sell-through and obviously compared to the sell-in. So, do you track that in a way that you can articulate what was the activation implied revenue for maybe Q1, maybe what you see for Q2 and beyond? Thanks.
Raghu Belur: Yeah. NEM 3, we are aware of the challenge, where it was -- there was an -- it had gone into appeals court because they actually lost the case in the lower court. It remains to be seen. The fact is that I think it's going to be difficult to overturn, but if they do, obviously, the market will react differently. But for now, for us, business as usual, we are going out there. We recognize that in the long term solar plus batteries is the way to go. And we are really working towards making sure that our battery solution -- solar plus battery solution is best in class, and that's what we are doing right now. But the courts will take their time, they'll do their thing, but it's not something that we are really focused on.
Raghu Belur: Sure. I think both opportunities are equally valuable. Again, it depends on the geography. So, if you're in California, for example, all new homes must have solar, and you are going to be part of NEM 3 install, so you obviously need to have batteries, because if you did a solar-only install in NEM 3, your bill offset is going to be at about 55%. You add 10 kilowatt hours of NEM 3 grid-tied battery, your bill offset could be as high as 80%-85%. So, I think it makes complete sense to go ahead and add a battery in that case. In the retrofit case in California, if you're in a NEM 2 environment, not a lot of incentive to go ahead and add battery, at least for bill offset, because you already get that with NEM 2 where in that case basically the grid acts like your battery. The only other use case for battery in that case would be if you want to do it for resiliency or backup purposes. In other geographies, outside of California, the case for batteries would be -- again, you're seeing more and more of these what are called VPP programs or grid services programs, and so people may come in and retrofit a battery on their system and avail themselves of whatever the utility provides in terms of incentives, whether that is an upfront dollar per kilowatt hour incentive for adding a battery or an ongoing incentive for participation in the VPP program. Very similar situation in Europe as well. If you, for example, look at the Netherlands, obviously, that's a net metering market, but there is a push for retrofitting batteries there because just given the penetration level of solar there, which is about 28%, you do get penalized for uncontrolled export of solar. So, it makes sense to move towards what's called self-consumption. And the way you do that is by adding a battery and then managing that solar plus battery system through software, especially by participating in what's called a dynamic tariff program. You also have obviously VPP that same thing applies to Germany and other countries in Europe as well.
Raghu Belur: Yeah. So usually, you're seeing more and more, particularly in Europe, I refer to it as feed-in tariff inversion, wherein the buy rate is significantly higher than sell rate. So, the amount of what you get paid for feeding energy into the grid is significantly lower than retail cost of energy. So, it makes no economic sense to export even a single electron into the grid. So that's the driver. It is self-consumption. Layered on top of that is if you participate in supporting the grid through a VPP program, you get paid additional monies. So, it's all a driver towards better ROI. But it goes beyond that. It goes beyond solar plus batteries, because now you're seeing in Europe you're adding EV chargers and heat pumps, and those are additional steerable assets that are sitting behind the meter. And if you have a very sophisticated home energy management system, which like we do with all the AI and ML work that we are doing, you can really do some very, very fine optimization and deliver the best economics for the homeowner, a combination of solar, battery, EV charger, and heat pump. For that matter, any combination thereof. So, you're going to see, Italy included, all of these markets in Europe moving towards a whole energy management system with all of these assets. Now imagine what happens a year or two from now when EVs become fully bidirectional, you get yet another powerful asset that's sitting behind the meter that you can use to optimize your consumption and optimize your bill.
