Bert Garcia: So we've also heard and have been encouraged by the success that SunPower has had with their product offering. It's a bit early to project out in 2018, but I can say is that we expect our AC shipments to grow as percentage of our mix in Q3 and Q4, as we ramp and as we bring on additional partners. And we are equally optimistic about where we would see the ACM placing in the marketplace in 2018 and beyond.
Bert Garcia: Yes, I think, Phil. I think the broad perspective and we've heard this as well from some other players in the industry and I think that the broad thinking right now is that the component shortages will likely persistent into the second half of the 2018, but as Badri mentioned, it’s a little too early to tell. We're all very -- we're all watching it very closely of course and are of course like everybody else paying attention.
Bert Garcia: So, it's Bert. I think the most intelligent thing we can say about the storage market is that it's fiercely competitive. I think you guys have all seen that, the number of players just in the Australian market alone is staggering. So I think there are a couple of things that are going to drive, the development of those markets, certainly from certainty, certain key around price. I think the pricing environment has created a bit of near-term uncertainty of the part of many consumers because prices have been so fluid. And from the manufacturers perspective -- from our perspective, as costs to come down I think it will be a lot easier for the entire industry to start recognizing perhaps the long-term value from playing in that market. So, I think there are number of factors there that are out play.
Bert Garcia: I think the short answer there is, we have hit our target cost on IQ 6. But bear in mind, just like every generation of product that we've ever generated from the beginning of time, the initial cost of any product will overtime come down and IQ perhaps is not terribly different with the exception that its lifecycle is going to be relatively short 12 month. So that price drop is very reflected in the next version of the IQ which is the IQ 7. As we introduced the IQ 7 as you guys know in the first quarter of 2018, that cost also continued to trend down over time. So, we have I think put a lot of effort into both IQ 6 and IQ 7, and I think the cost trajectory of those products will follow a very similar trajectory as products in the past.
Bert Garcia: You're right, historically we've seen a little bit of an uptick in seasonality, but as Badri mentioned, we do see a relatively flat TAM in 2017. And so we're not seeing a big seasonal bump in Q3 relative to Q2.
Bert Garcia: So, I think really what you're asking is, what's driving margin expansion because at the end of the day when you look at the work we've already done below the line, we get to profitability and certainly non-GAAP breakeven through margin expansion. So in general assuming out in 2017, there're really two main drivers of margin expansion, certainly the transition of IQ to our IQ and also the supply chain optimization initiatives that Badri had mentioned. Q2 is only about 20% IQ as he mentioned. And the timing of our supply chain optimization issues, we didn't have a big impact on Q2 margins, but our Q3 guidance will reflect a larger impact from both of these drivers as we get a bit deeper into IQ transition and has begun to see the positive impact on margins from the supply chain optimization initiatives. So, broadly we're getting there through margin expansion.
Bert Garcia: So, demand dynamics, I take that's euphemism for competitive dynamics. Yes, without a doubt [indiscernible] we've seen some competitive dynamics that have been something that we've been focused on. Our -- I don't think anybody is surprised that not only in Europe but in North America those dynamics have played a part in our -- certainly in our guidance and in our financial results last couple of quarters. That said, I think everybody also understands that we put our head down and we are working really-really hard to take those financial opportunities off the table. The work we've done so far in restructuring and the work that we continue to do supply chain optimization, in our mind, we will answer very clearly whether Enphase is going to be successful. And we believe off course very much so that we are and as we stated in our Analyst Day our 30, 20, 10 target operating models and expression of that confidence.
Bert Garcia: Yes, so as I've mentioned. We continue to look very-very critically at opportunities above and below the line. We are very-very much focused as we mentioned on margin expansion. But there are opportunities for us to continue to optimize across the Board in ways that are going to produce in our mind positive financial results. So, we are -- we had mentioned that we are doing a bit to push into new markets that's certainly going to help. India is part of that strategy, but I think whether it fairly doesn’t make sense to wait for a new CEO to come onboard I think. The work is in fight and it would be I think really difficult at this point to pause the work that we've been doing, we really are in midflight right now.
Bert Garcia: So we actually we don’t have a revolver and more we had settled that back in Q1, and all we have now is a term debt facility that is fully drawn at 50 million.
Bert Garcia: Well, I think first and foremost executing on our plan and generating cash is certainly the number one priority. We'd like to think and it's the certainly our intent as we execute on our plan our ability to revisit those economics on that term facility I think get better overtime, and we'd certainly like to think that we will be in a position to improve those economics on that term debt facility and begin to really reverse ourselves of that burden.
Bert Garcia: So, you're right and it’s a good point. We've had discussions with Paul now for some time. I can't go into the exact dates or anything. But suffice to say that we've been talking to Paul for some time. So the Board got the process underway, sometime ago, we have robust set of candidates, it takes awhile to get them and you're right. And there is no guarantee that the 31st is going to happen as we expect, but we're in a position right now where we think we can pull that off given the candidates we have. By the way, they are highly qualified both the internal one and the external once. So we're fairly confident we can hit that date and we're putting our stake in the sands the sense and we’re going to do it.
Bert Garcia: So, as we mentioned, we're seeing a relatively flat TAM in the balance of 2017. So our confidence really does from the work we're doing to, only hold cost down and expand margins through supply chain initiatives but also on the strength of the transitioned IQ.
Bert Garcia: All of Europe, the beautiful thing about IQ 7 is that it is in fact a worldwide skew. So a direct answer to your question, the reason that we feel that the IQ 7 will allow us to expand into new geographies is one, it supports the regulatory requirements that these geographies have. Currently, we're not in countries like Germany because our current product doesn’t qualify there. And it also provides the right cost point that would enable us at the right price point to be competitive in these markets. So, yes, whether it's South East Asia, the Asia Pacific region, Latin America or Europe is now one skew that can support all of those geographies.
Bert Garcia: So, you're right, we would agree on the statement that the market is fragmented. I think there maybe some sub-selection going on there in terms of some of those competitors actually already calling out of the market. So, we know that in Australia for example there've been a number of sales already which kind of underscores the intense competitive marketplace. I suspect that we'll see similar dynamics in the rest of the world, as other markets start developing. In terms of differentiation of our product versus other competitive offerings, certainly the modularity and ease of installation simplicity is a huge differentiator in our mind. When you think about the folks that have to put these things into place, you can't discount that as being a really important factor. We've and do use what we consider the most stable and safest chemistry out there, and we think that's also important certainly to consumer to have these products in their homes, so that's something that is I think important not only from a consumers' perspective but also from installers stand behind those products, and certainly Enphase stand behind those products. So, I think there're a number of things that differentiate our products from competitive offerings.
Bert Garcia: So, I'll start with the last question first. So, we don't breakout revenue on the storage side. So, we may choose to do that at some point in the future, but today it's a better early in our mind to break that out. In term of the pricing environment, what we've said is we are seeing about 10% AC erosion on the year-over-year in 2017. I think we're still comfortable that as a broad outlook for the year.
Bert Garcia: Yes, so I won't be able to give you an explicit number related directly to the IQ transition itself, but as I mentioned Vishal -- sorry, we're seeing a combination of things that are driving margin extension. One big one off course is the transition to IQ as we become more deeply transitioned in Q3 and Q4. But there is a significant amount of work being done on a supply chain optimization front we're start seeing the benefit of that initiative really play out in part of the ways in the P&L beginning in Q3 is really going into Q1 and Q2 of next year.
Bert Garcia: Yes, as I mentioned, we see a point or two impacts to gross margins from those shortages in the form of expedited freight precisely because we are not passing those costs along.
Bert Garcia: Yes, so good question that one I would be able to give you a direct answer on that other than it would be meaningful.
Bert Garcia: That's exactly right, you understand it pretty well. There it is definitely true and it's fair to say that our Q3 results would have been better on the margin front, if we were fully transitioned to IQ and not providing price protection on the previous generation product. I think that’s a fair statement.
Bert Garcia: So I think the best thing I can tell you that as you know we only guide the quarter at time, but we did put a step in the ground with respect to our 30, 20, 10 target operating model. And we did say it by Q4, we expected to be at 30 points margin.
Bert Garcia: Q4 of '18 sorry, so I certainly wouldn't draw a straight line from Q2 to Q4, margins, don't work that nature, but directionally that’s the answer. We do expect to see margin expansion and steady growth on the gross profit line, as we again execute on the transition to IQ 6 and 7 and as we start to see the benefit of the supply chain optimization initiatives hit the P&L.
Bert Garcia: I am not going to characterize in terms of timing, but I think you got the idea. Directionally, it's up into the right.
Bert Garcia: Yes, so, got you that. It's a bit of selfish [indiscernible]. All of those markets are important to us. I don’t know that we're going to necessarily focus on one over the other. I think they all represent really great opportunity. Our Lain America is really developing quickly and we saw a lot of potential there of course. India is a tremendous market opportunity and we're very focused there as well. So I don’t know that I would say that we're going to focus on one at the expense of the other now.
Bert Garcia: Thank you very much, operator, and thank you for joining us today. We do look forward to speaking with you again on our next call, next quarter.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, the shortage is across a broad range of components not necessarily restricted to one thing like the PCB. So, it's again -- the reality is the global shortage and yes, I can't name something specific there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I think, yes, I will answer the question on how long. I have no visibility right now. We expect Q4 to be similar and only time will tell. And with regarding the cost of the shortages that I think it is the industry wide and some of the consumer devices are ramping, some of these components are quite short. So that's the color I have.
Badri Kothandaraman: While our Q3 guidance is, yes, it reflects us holding share in a flat time. It's important to also note that the guidance basically reflects the focus on profitable growth, consistent with our 30, 20, 10 operating model. In addition, our Q3 revenue is also impacted by the component, yes, shortages a little bit and while the market dynamics associated with our transition to the new products which is IQ 6 and ACM.
Badri Kothandaraman: We also mentioned in the Analyst Day on June 19th that our long-term target was $15 million a quarter, and that's a Q4 '18 target for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we plan to introduce the IQ 7 in Q1 of '18, we will introduce North America first in early Q1, '18 and we will follow up with the rest of the world IQ towards the end of Q1,'18 and this rest of the world IQ is actually help us to fill the gaps like Germany. So, you’re right in finding that out, Germany, India and I think…
Badri Kothandaraman: One other point is that the combination of solar plus storage functioning as an energy management system with tight coupling between the two in terms of the system; that gives us the unique advantage in addition to the software that we've for monitoring; so these -- so basically solar, then storage, continuous monitoring and tracking that's really the strength of EnPhase Solutions, it's a true IoT system, and I think that would not be possible if it were actually a fragmented case when one company supply inverter, one supply the storage solutions, one supply the software etc., so we believe in integration of software and hardware as an energy management in our solutions. That's well is our belief.
Badri Kothandaraman: Okay, I'll answer the second question. So basically 20% of the worldwide shipments that we had for Q2 '17 is IQ and we expect the transition 100% to IQ by the end of Q2 '17.
