Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. We have been very clear that Encharge will fall in line with our corporate gross margin target, which is 35%, 15%, 20%. And then we are not breaking out the mega -- the exact megawatt hours but what we have done for you is I told you that it is about 10% of revenue. And also, we have given Q4 capacity, saying that we have Q4 capacity of 50-megawatt hours, and we are mostly booked to it.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: We obviously need to look at how demand is going to come, but to simply answer your question, we -- from Q3 onwards, we will be at a capacity of 120-megawatt hours a quarter with our current 2 suppliers, which is A123 and ATL. Then from then onwards, we are talking to a third supplier of batteries. And right now, the plans are in solid, we will share those plans with you when they are finalized, but we expect to have somebody on board by the end of 2021, a third supplier.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: A lot of the folks in our industry talk about the attach rate. We talked about the attach rate last quarter, but then it started to get confusing because we ship product for every -- I mean, to all the states in the U.S., many of these states are still ramping up on storage. So we have to really give you much more granular data. And an overall attach rate is almost meaningless. That's why what we did was we provided even more visibility to you in terms of megawatt hours. That's why for Q4, we said "Look, we have a capacity of 50-megawatt hours. We're almost full to that capacity, and that will give you easier modeling." But having said that, we've always been clear that long tail installers are the number one priority and our attach rate is extremely healthy with the long tail installers.  And now what we have going for us is we're having talks with several Tier 1s and 2s who basically want to get onboard because Ensemble is an extensible platform. When you have a platform which is capable of giving you a long life cycle, which is, you can start with solar and our what is called then, Enpower smart switch. You can start with IQ 8 solar and Enpower smart switch, then you can add batteries. You can come back after a year, you can add generators. You come back after some more time and say, "Okay. I don't want to generate, I want to add a fuel cell," fine, then you can add EV chargers soon. So we are thinking about an extensible architecture capable of load control. And so when we share our product road map with all of these Tier 1s and 2s, there is enormous interest. And so we are working closely with them, we're not going to compromise on our value-based pricing, like what I said, and we'll inform you if there are significant developments on that front.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Well, look, I mean, we've always been very clear even on our storage product, I refuse to go to the mark -- to go-to-market until we are absolutely ready. Quality and customer experience is our #1 priority. That's how we go to market, that's how we win market share. And that has been our success story on the microinverters. It's going to be no different on IQ 8D. In IQ 8D, the great news is that treating it like a microinverter, the work is almost done. Which is the design and reliability, but it is no longer a microinverter, it is a complete full system and it is a cultural change for us in the company in order to make sure everybody thinks about it like a full system. So therefore, what we are doing this quarter is there are alpha systems, which are pretty big alpha systems. We expect anywhere from 50 kilowatts to 200 kilowatts. Real alpha system installed, we are going to be hammering on those. Based upon the learning of our Encharge storage systems, we think applying the same best practices, we will be able to start beta installations in the first quarter of 2021. And that's why I gave you that number. I mean, that date. And that's -- yes, that's our expectation. If there is a change, we will let you know.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Well, you're obviously good in math, you're approximately right. And yes, we did a little bit more than 10% of our overall revenue in storage, which is fantastic for a new product in the first quarter.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Right. Right. Okay. Thank you for the question. So first is the gross margin question. Gross margin depends upon pricing and cost. And we are extremely disciplined in both. Pricing is value-based pricing, cost as we hammer on costs on microinverters, accessories, storage accessories, Encharge storage system. So all of that, we've just started hammering on the storage costs because we just introduced the product, pretty recently. So most of our cost reduction so far has been coming from the microinverters, which is fantastic, and we believe we have long legs there because we've already started to focus on IQ 9, which will probably come out in 2022, early 2022.  But there, in IQ 9, we are focusing on a very advanced materials plus an AC architecture that will substantially reduce both the footprint as well as the cost and the efficiency. So we're working on that. It's a lot of innovation there. So we're going to take some time there. With regard to the question on capacity of batteries. So we said Q4 is roughly 50-megawatt hours, we think like what I said in the script, by the end of Q2 '21, our capacity will be around 120-megawatt hours per quarter with our existing two suppliers. That's the answer.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. Like what we have told you before, 35%, 15%, 20% is our model. The OpEx model is about 15% of sales. So we have to grow -- if sales grows faster, we have a little bit more room on OpEx. Having said that, we live and die by innovation. We basically -- the stuff I told you on IQ 9, we are working on. It requires a lot of engineers trying go to various things. So our R&D centers of excellence are in India and are in New Zealand, with management oversight from the U.S. We are investing very heavily. That's why Eric said this, 113 new hires in 1 quarter. These 65 people are from the top universities in India. That's called Indian Institute of Technology, outstanding engineers, software engineers, hardware engineers, power conversion engineers. And we expect to be hiring more such people. In fact, I can't -- yes, I don't have enough engineers in the company. And we are going to hire in a hurry there. But we're going to be disciplined, making sure our -- we are going to be around that model at all times.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. With respect to storage, many, many times, people, for example, they switch -- when they switch to off-grid product and let's say it happens, and they don't even know because their products seamlessly switches from on grid to off grid, if they don't change their user patterns, then what happens is the batteries can deplete quickly. And so by the time the night is over, the battery is deplete and the house may not have power. And so in those cases, obviously, our next-generation product will take care of those cases because it is going to have load control. And when it has load control, when you switch from on-grid to off-grid, we will make sure the critical loads are on first. Right now, the product that we introduced doesn't yet have that feature.  So therefore, we have to educate people that sometimes this happens. And that education cannot come manually, it has to be some form of push notification that comes on their devices, phones, iPads, et cetera, saying that you're now off grid, start to reduce your consumption -- conserve your consumption. So that, in the morning, sun comes up and your batteries again -- your batteries are automatically charged.  So education like that, you would -- I mean, you might think about it as pretty simple. But remember, the people we are selling this product to, they are -- they belong to various demographics, various in the 20s to in their 70s. And so we have to make sure this product works seamlessly. While we are on that product development cadence, the -- in the short term, we have to educate people. And we have to educate people with our customer service team, our engineering team needs to do some quick containment, which we are actually working on. I gave you an example, but those are the types of things we are doing right.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: No, microinverter, we said, if you take a look at it, the -- I mean, think about it like this, my revenue in Q2 was in the 120 . Q3 is $178 million, Q4 is 200 -- midpoint is $253 million. This cannot happen with the microinverter revenue flat. The microinverter point of sales has gone up by 49% in the last 3 months. Our sell-through for microinverters in September is 49% higher than in June. There is a record point of sales for microinverters. We are continuing to take share, I believe, on microinverters. And especially -- and I talked about the long tail of installers before. It's the quality of the customer experience. As long as we are leading on that front, and we believe this will continue to happen.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, think about it, 4Q '19, we have had the pandemic. We had the pandemic. So what we are looking is, if you look at the revenue, in approximately in 4Q, we had a lot of safe harbor...
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: At that point in time. And if we had excluded safe harbor in 4Q '19, that number is roughly in the 160s million for Q4 '19. Now we take that number, now we compare with our midpoint of guidance, which is $252.5 million, minus the 40-megawatt hours. And if you apply or minus the 50-megawatt hours, you apply the model, you will see that there is still very significant growth even in microinverters year-on-year.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: And that's critical for you to track because safe harbor is like, you guys know it better than me, it is a lot of forward pulling.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: It's a massive opportunity for us. I mean, when do you get 300,000 homes additional, when you've already served them once, this one is an opportunity to seamlessly add storage to their existing solar installations. But having said that, we got to make sure we get our capacity issues solved. And then we are going to -- I mean, the beautiful thing is we know exactly where they are located, we know their consumption patterns. We also know that there are -- we can specifically target those people for whom resiliency is top of mind, which is places like California, Florida, we can target those very easily, when we have the right capacity. So it's very much in our mind, and it is applicable for IQ also, M-Series also. And like what I said, we are planning to release that software upgrade in the fourth quarter. And we'll start the promotions.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: But I mean, the short answer is we don't need them to do it. That's a huge barrier that it's gone. And some people, like what Eric pointed out, M190, their warranty -- original warranty was only 15 years. So basically, they're almost running out. But there'll -- but there are some folks with M250 whose warranty is -- they're only 4 years into their warranty, 5 years into their warranty. For them, many of them will not want to move to IQ. And so even for them, it is no problem. You can buy Encharge. It is seamless. No issue.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: We are making huge progress in Europe. So Europe grew 67% compared -- I mean, in Q3 compared to Q2. And the areas of growth are the obvious ones, Netherlands, France, we are starting to make some serious inroads into Germany. We have hired sales folks in many countries. We are going to introduce our product in Italy very soon. We have engaged. I mean, we have partnerships with Sonnenstromfabrik, which is an ACM partner. We have not yet talked about a second ACM partner, we will soon. And then we have our third ACM partner with Maxion, so that's good. And again, it is -- the foundation here is quality and customer experience. That's why people -- that's why we are expanding rapidly. One big thing which will come, we will introduce by Q3 of 2021, will be basically storage systems in Germany and Italy. We are going to be introducing Encharge in Germany and Italy and the other countries that need it in Europe. And that's going to happen. We are also -- I mean, we are working on that product as well. So I think I'll be disappointed if we don't get to 70-30, at least as we exit 2021.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, let's walk before we run first. So we -- the current two supplies, the design would be comparable to the current two suppliers. And then if we are demand constrained, we will obviously recognize that fast and make sure we add a third supply quickly. And we do -- we have plans to do that by the end of the year anyway.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, look, the nice thing is the channel is very lean right now. We talked about our normal gel inventory of 8 to 10 weeks, but we are much tighter than that. Yes, you're right. The channel is running light. And -- but now we have the capacity to catch up very quickly. Like right now, I have 3 sources right now. I have Flextronics, Mexico, which produces tariff free product up to 1 million units a quarter, and I can expand that easily. I have Salcomp, Chennai that produces tariff free product 250,000 units. 200,000, 250,000 units for Q1 of '21 and probably 0.5 million units per quarter, Q2 of '21. And then I always have China, which can go more than 1.5 million to 2 million units. And of course, they are the downside as we pay tariffs.  So we have enough capacity, microinverter capacity, we are systematically -- we have systematically built the company such that we don't -- I mean, we are not limited by demand for microinverters. And so there may be some short-term constraints here and there, but we are working furiously, our long tail installers and all our installers are top priority for us, and we are operationally excellent. Our Chief Operating Officer, his job is to make sure no customer is unsatisfied, especially in these times. We will continue to work with them, and we're going to solve these issues.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Right. And if you actually go to our website and if you go look at a particular zip code and if you type that in, you can see the platinum, gold and silver installers in that area. You can actually see how they're sorted. You can see the ratings, public ratings, that they have. Now your question was how is it embedded into the platform. We are in the process of releasing the platform. We haven't released it yet. It's going to take us a little bit more time. But the way we are thinking about is, for example, if a homeowner from a particular zip code, he approaches Enphase, Enphase will give him -- would show the Enphase installer network in that area. The Enphase installer network, the way we will prioritize this, obviously, by the people who service the homeowners with the highest Net Promoter Score. Highest customer experience. So therefore, what we would do is we would have an algorithm, which picks the right installers, a few of them, maybe 3 or 4 to show the homeowner, so that the homeowner makes the right decision on what is good for him, but it will be based upon the Enphase installer network. It's also important to know that these installers have actually given all of the details that a homeowner would like to see when they are making a decision. And the detail means for example, which zip codes they service, what is their pricing, upper end and the lower end of pricing per watt for solar. What is their pricing for storage? What are their preferences? Are they -- is the installer okay to utilize AC modules? What -- if we do upgrade programs, what are the rates that he's going to charge the homeowner?  So we are building a comprehensive database, the 400 installer database is going to be very comprehensive because that will be the basis of the digital platform. When a lead comes, the data will be automatically taken from the platform from those installers and that installer data will be directly shown to the homeowner without interference from Enphase. All we choose is the best homeowner experience. Nothing else. So that's our philosophy, and we don't need to do more. I mean, we don't need to do more work before we release it. And we need to add several tools, our installers, our EIN, Enphase installer network. They get priority to tools that we have. For example, if we have a solar and storage design software, they will receive special priority depending upon their tier, whether it's platinum, gold or silver. Similarly, if we introduce a permitting service, they will get special priority. That's the whole point. We want to build a very high-quality network that services -- their job is to service their homeowner with the best customer experience.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, thank you for the question. So basically, like what I talked about, we focus on long tail installers. And we have been clear, long tail installers is #1 priority. And that business does not happen overnight. It is hard for us to build it installer by installer. The installers have to go through online training because right now, that's the way to do things. They have to do their first installation. We have to be patient with them. We have to make sure that installation experiences a seamless experience. We lean out all efficiencies in the process. We need to get that install to less than 1-day install. And then the -- and make sure that we are on top of those long tail installers, that's one. That is a multi-quarter process. Like how we built the microinverters over microinverter business, it took us a long time to build, 1 brick at a time.  Storage business, especially with the long tail, is -- will take time to build. However, once built, it is an extremely healthy business to have because our foundation is based upon outstanding quality, outstanding customer experience. Therefore, they -- our desire is they look nowhere else for buying products. Now having said that, we also want to work with the Tier 1 and 2 installers who like Ensemble, who like the fact that IQ 8 is going to be the first grid independent microinverter in the world. They want to engage on our platform. And so we like to work with the Tier 1 and 2 installers. And like what we said in the script, the prepared remarks, we are working with several of them and getting them on board with Encharge and Ensemble. And that is -- may take the same time to -- as the long tail, expect that to happen relatively quickly, but still that's a time-consuming activity.  So those are the two things that need to happen. We are -- so far, within 3 months, we are extremely happy at the number of people who have gone through training at the way we have manage the installation so far. We are not perfect, but when we had problems, we jumped on them right away. We treated every homeowner, every issue as a defect. I look at it. My entire executive staff looks at it, we start the executive staff meetings with the focus on homeowners for Ensemble. so I'm very happy with the progress we have made. There's more to be done on both fronts, getting more long tail installers and getting Tier 1 and 2 installers.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: I'll say it is a pretty healthy mix, I would say, many are new installations, I would say, many are retrofits. It's -- our statistics is limited so far. I think it will be meaningful if we give something to you next quarter. Right now, our statistics aren't meaningful enough to give you, I mean, to draw a conclusion. But I see healthy trends on both sides.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, we've always been clear on our strategy, right. We -- while we -- we'll go absolutely all out to take care of our Tier 1 and 2 customers. Our bread and butter has always been the long tail installers. The long tail installers do not have a clear, comprehensive platform to work today. And our objective, while not being arrogant, is if we can create such a platform where we generate leads, we transfer to the installers. We track the entire installation or we even manage the lease that the installers actually bring, and we give them several tools during that process. We think we will make these installers. We will have a sticky experience long-term. And that's our philosophy to build in highest quality, to take care of both homeowners and to keep installers, homeowners and Enphase continuously connected at all times. That's the digital platform. So yes, you're going to hear more in the Analyst Day, which will probably be sometime soon. And we'll keep you informed.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Obviously, we don't get into any such details at this time. But in general, we have a very powerful platform in -- with Enlighten. And so whether that's done through -- there are multiple opportunities available, provide APIs to provide grid services at all our -- the entire Ensemble system is always on, which means it's fully connected. Coordination of all of these DERs is going to be launched off of the existing Enlighten platform itself. So how we go about doing it, the details of it, we won't share it this time. But suffice it to say that we see that DER coordination is extremely important, and we'll offer that to all of our installer partners.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Usually don't break that out, but our team is doing a really nice job in all the regions. We are very strong in basically, Netherlands, we are continuing to grow. We just added distributors, top distributors in Netherlands and Belgium as indication. We are making a lot of progress in Germany. As I said, we will introduce IQ 7, hopefully, in Italy, very, very soon in Q1. Then there are several other countries in Europe that we have actually hired salespeople. Before, we only had five salespeople last year at this time, Q4 of '19, we only had five people. I think now we have north of 15 or 20. So we have increased by 4x, and we plan to increase even more going forward.  So in general, I think things look good there. The one big market there is storage, especially Germany and Italy. And I think we'll be ready for that, like what I said in the third quarter of 2021.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: I think -- yes. So obviously, if ITC gets extended, then there's been no real need to safe harbor anything. So you will obviously see that at least the safe harbor contribution will not -- will be de minimis or non-exist -- and actually are expected to be nonexistent. In general, our view on safe harbor is that there's a lot of learning from last year, and so I think people now know what to do and how to go about to go about executing on safe harbor and if somebody does own it, we'll be ready for it.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: That's not how we think about it. We think about it as, hey, what is the right -- is it a good strategic fit for what we do, is it very complementary with what we are providing and are we bringing real value to our homeowners in order to provide the best homeowner experience. So that's kind of the criteria that we use. Of course, we do incredible amount of diligence in terms of how much we are paying for it, the valuations and so on and so forth. But at the end of the day, it's all about making sure we deliver the best homeowner experience and a good strategic fit for us.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: It's too early to tell, but I'll just go back to the microinverter business. Microinverter business today is a nice, healthy mix of long tail as well as Tier 1 and 2 installers because everyone wants to work with us due to high-quality and high customer experience. So if we do a good job on the storage side, then all of this capacity can be -- can turn out to be positive for us, but we need to execute.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again, early next year. Bye.
Eric Branderiz: Remember that the supplier information that we are providing is contextualizing our capacity availability in the event of demand being available, right? So it's not a statement of demand, it's a statement of supply. Also, remember that we are CapEx and OpEx flex because we use contract manufacturing. So we are in a great position here to flex that capacity up and down as we consider the demand into the future. And finally, I don't know if you remember, we always talk about having a 36% surge capacity available that has -- also is including in the number that Badri just mentioned that we need to have in case the demand remains very strong, right? So all of those things are baked into the number that you just heard from Badri as we ramp our capacity exiting this quarter.
Eric Branderiz: I just want to add one more thing on this. Back last year when we did Analyst Day, I actually mentioned that there will be some beta revenues potentially in Q4, very small. So you're right, we said that. Normally, beta revenue is very small. Will not make a mark. I think that what Badri is doing now is spending more time on the software element of the rat and looking at this as a system and is taking more time on the testing side of the beta revenue coming in Q1 instead of Q4. But it was never meant to be materially important, more symbolically important for the company about having the new product introduction in the quarter, right. But I just want to clarify that because that's correct. You said some revenue in Q4, and that is slipping into Q1.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. We did it for both, I think, right? We provided the international. We didn't do it by region. We -- 78% is domestic, which is actually pretty impressive if you think for because we were over 80% or 90% actually last quarter. And now the presence of Europe and Asia Pacific, especially Europe, becoming very prominent. Even though we also have Ensemble shipments in Q3. So that's the -- providing the growth in Europe is helping on the regional diversification of revenue.
Eric Branderiz: Yes, I think there is, and there is also an element of, I've done it before. I know how to do it, and I wait and see so there is less complication on figuring out the mechanics and the realities, right. Remember, there were -- these were specific contracts with a lot of special language, a lot of logistics over the fulfillment, the warehousing requirements, labeling requirements. All of those are learnings from the past. So now these guys are probably waiting probably until the last possible time in order to make a decision.  We don't see a lot of activity for Q4 this time, if there is some, we will probably see it in Q1. And it will be probably not as big as it was last year, right, or this year, actually, early in Q1 this year. So we should expect to see some, but maybe not as many.
Eric Branderiz: No. No. I mean, we normally don't comment about Q1 beyond the quarter, right, Jeff. And frankly, on the safe harbor, what I told you is all I know, right, at this point.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. We have actually deep thoughts on that area. And Raghu is actually working with Adam around the clock with a very healthy pipeline of M&A opportunities, so we are evaluating. And you know how we are, right? We look at every detail, we look at every angle. We see the multiples that some of these opportunities are commanding, and we want to make sure that we do the right thing for the company at the right time, right. So yes, it's very active, very visible and is part of the development of the digital strategy of the platform that Badri mentioned earlier. So yes.
Eric Branderiz: I mean, remember that we have 50-megawatt hours of capacity. And if you are, let's say, hypothetically fully booked, that based on the dollar per kilowatt hour assumption, gives you a number minus the $252.5 million midpoint of the guidance, that shows you a growth from $178.5 million, that is pretty...
Eric Branderiz: Pretty, pretty big, right? So if you do it that way, the math, whatever number you use per kilowatt on ASP. So it's a good year for micros, right.
Eric Branderiz: I think one of the things that we have seen is the -- how quickly the industry adapted to the environment, right. One of the things is that they went -- a lot of I went online. And the second thing is, again, resiliency has become such a big -- such a key and important top of mind issue for a lot of the homeowners. So in some sense, as it fortunate as COVID has been, it's been actually a really big advantage for resiliency products such as energy storage. Second thing also is if you look at what we are doing with our digital transformation, we are building out a comprehensive platform that is helping our installer partners have a very efficient journey all the way from leads through design, to permitting, to contract, commissioning, interconnection, et cetera, so I think even if a situation like what you're saying occurs, the resurgence, the combination of the adaptability of our installation -- installer partners plus all the tools that we are bringing to bear I think the industry will be pretty -- will be pretty resolute in getting through it.
Eric Branderiz: It depends also on the strength of the warranty. Remember that some of the M-Series, people bought it long time ago. So some of them, they may say, "I may as well change and switch." Many homeowners actually, to our surprise, they actually use the opportunity for doing a reassessment of their energy requirements. How many people are getting PV. So the opportunity to upgrade to IQ base system, with ACMs, in many cases, is still there, right.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. So we have a much -- we view it very strategically when we think about this comprehensive digital platform that we were talking about, right? Historically, the involvement of Enphase and Enlighten, specifically, the tools started at the time of commissioning and then commissioning an interconnection position to operate and then operations. What we have done now is extend that to the beginning of the process, which is starting with leads and lead management. That's one. It also interweaves both the installer journey, if you may, which includes proposal -- which includes design, proposal, contract, permitting and so on and so forth, as well as full visibility into how the interaction occurs between the homeowner as well as the installers.  So we have mapped out that journey. The goal being to provide an excellent customer experience, both for the homeowner as well as the installer and the journey begins very -- right from the beginning. As far as the -- and of course, the need of -- what enables this is the Enphase installer network, and that's a worldwide network. It's U.S. as well in all the regions that we are in. And we qualify, they have to go through a pretty stringent selection process. So even though we start with 1,500 installers, based on the quality of their installation and most important, the customer experience, we have -- in the U.S., as an example, we have now installers in our EIN. So we'll continue to provide -- as we continue developing additional tools for them, et cetera, there will be metrics that we're going to attract and of course, at the appropriate time, we'll share some of those metrics similar to what we have done as we track NPS as an example, we'll do something similarly appropriate.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. And just to be clear, M-Series is -- will -- the M-Series attach will be -- that product will be launched at the end of this year, that's a software upgrade for our system to enable it to work with the M-Series product.
Eric Branderiz: On grid services, as storage becomes more prevalent out there, especially we are particularly behind meter storage, which is what we service. The coordinations of -- Coordinating all these DERs is going to become more and more critical, and that's the opportunity. And what we are doing, what our plan is to offer bridge services as an integral part of the solution that we are providing. So it will be available to any installer, that -- anyone in our EIN and any one of our installers to offer it to their homeowner customers. So they can sign up or if you -- or opt-in to taking advantage of because they have their storage solution. And if there's a program available for good services, then they can update and sign up for it. So we are going to make it a -- appropriate and broadly available.
Raghuveer Belur: Yes. Hi, this is Raghu. So as we mentioned, installers still have a pretty big influence in -- their -- in selling the product to the homeowners. So they do a lot of the education. And for us, we do extensive amount of training with the installers as well and educate them on the importance of grid forming, not only with -- obviously with energy storage, but also with the IQ 8 PV that's coming soon after. And to a great extent, as we mentioned, right, today, people working from home, resiliency is top of mind. So they want to have systems that are backup systems and, of course, all the challenges that we are seeing here in California, it is on everybody's mind is that, how do I provide a backup solution and the conversation naturally leads into, "Okay. Can I do that with solar and storage." So it's a lot of training, a lot of education that happens. And then, of course, the environment itself is such that people are quite aware anymore.
Raghuveer Belur: And we made a special mention on safe harbor on our guidance. We actually, were the first ones that came up with safe harbor carving out the numbers to make a feel for you guys. So I mean, any time.
Raghuveer Belur: Just to clarify, we do business with more than 2,500 installers at any given year, right? So this EIN or Enphase installer network is a very exclusive, unique group of installers that there are -- meet a particular defined criteria of excellence with customer experience, installation designs and they get access to the full suite of the digital platform tools, including leads and other benefits, right? So -- and they are classified into three categories. We have a very, very clear way to define that. And that's what we are doing, but we continue doing business with pretty much -- that kind of -- all of these in targets.
Raghuveer Belur: I think that what we normally say to investors is think about the immediate midpoint of the guidance as a very short-term view of our performance and forecast the immediate quarters thinking on those lines. We also need to think through that we are -- the concept of growth requires significant amount of flexibility, and we want that flexibility. We need that flexibility. And as we continue ramping up new products or the introductions of new products or continue to increase the volume on existing products like in Ensemble, we like you folks to focus on that, the baseline model is the right model for the long term, right. When we feel comfortable to improve on that model, we will communicate that one as we did it before, right? But in the short term, midpoint of the next quarter guidance, sounds about right, in the, I would say, midterm, midpoint, midterm scenarios, I think you should think through the 35% gross margin as a good baseline. It's cash-generating with a very flexible operating model. So in terms of the business, right. 
Raghuveer Belur: We are in a good position. We get an incredible architecture with Ensemble. So we got plenty of optionality there on how we want to play that out. If the event that we want to play it out, right? No matter what, we need to think about this from the homeowners' point of view. That's what we are thinking. So that backwards into us, right? And through our healthy relationship with our partners, distributors and installers, right, in -- so everybody wins. In the process, especially the home one, which buys our products, right. So -- but we have not -- discarding any possibility, right, on how we're going to approach our go-to-market strategy on providing different services through our platform, either Enlighten or our digital platform outside Enlighten as well.
