Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. So, to just give a general color on the storage business so that you understand why our demand is picking up. We introduced the storage system in July of 2020. It's beautiful product, distributed architecture, modular AC coupled, lithium ion phosphate safe chemistry, air cooled.  And of course, we had interesting features like Power Start, which helped us to optimize starting an air conditioner . And of course, Enphase customer service, which my expectations are that we will get better and better and better with our NPS beyond 17 in the future.  We've learned a lot in the last year, especially when it comes to homeowner experience, the kind of notifications they need to get. And when it comes to installers, ease of use, ease of install, ease of commissioning. So, a lot of learning has gone into it.  We have made continuous hardware and software updates in the last year. and they told you in the last earnings call that we introduced Load Control in May of 2021. Load Control helped quite a bit in terms of customer experience. We are finding that's quite successful.  There's a lot of uptake. And simultaneously, along with the introduction of Load Control, we also optimized our pricing. Initially, we did start a little bit high, and then we thought it's the right time to optimize pricing.  So, we did that, and we improved -- with the improvement in commissioning with Load Control, with the drop-in pricing, we started seeing a lot of demand. So Q3, obviously, unleashed a lot of demand. And that's the number you saw 50% growth from Q2.  And that demand is continuing to stay healthy as we improve our product more and more and more. So, there is no demand limitation for Q4. For Q4, we said we will do anywhere between 90 and 100 megawatt hours. Primarily, that's gated by logistics.  As you know, the situation globally is quite dynamic. Containers are scarce to find; the container costs have increased 8X. Ocean freight has increased 8X. A typical container used to cost a couple of thousand dollars is now $16,000. So, there's a lot of stress on logistics, lot of stress on supply chain situation.  That's kind of limiting our supply in Q4. We're going to ship 90 to 100-megawatt hours. However, one thing which I didn't talk about is, we're really happy at the adoption of the product by our long tail. Long tail of installers is really, if you see the statistics, it's astounding.  We have trained 1,700 installation Companies through our Enphase University. And a 1000 -- over 1000 of them are certified. Certified means not only they have to complete the training, they have to complete a real install with Enphase on the line guiding them.  And there's over 1000 installers were certified right now. So, we expect that number to continuously increase. We expect the demand to be broad-based. We expect the demand to go up and up and up. And of course, the logistics situation needs to improve global. It's not situation specific to Enphase. We are covered from our contract manufacturers and our cell pack capacity, etc.  Like what I said, we are covered from that. It's purely a logistics issue, and we expect to therefore ship 90 to 100-megawatt hours. With regarding Q1, and I'm afraid I cannot talk much right now about Q1 because the situation is so dynamic that whatever I say will be wrong tomorrow.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. The -- that is the following puts and takes. If you see our component suppliers, the folks who supply components to the microinverters and batteries, are in the same situation as us. They are increasing a lot of costs on us, and some of the component costs have gone up by over 100%. And because the supply chain is so tight, I have to airship many microinverters, which costs a lot of money.  Not only on top of that, ocean freight -- I just now told you, ocean freight is apex more expensive. So, you cannot hide here, right? Wherever I go, the costs are going up tremendously. What we did was we have made a lot of cost reductions over the last year. So, we were able to absorb some of the cost increases. And we tried to absorb a lot of them.  But we are in a situation where we have to pass some modest price increases to customers. That's what we exactly did. Now, I don't have a crystal ball with me. I do not know whether 2022 brings in better logistics anytime sooner and I'm not sure what's going to happen to the elevated component costs that the suppliers are charging.  But it's fair to say, the next two or three quarters the situation is probably not going to die down and so our gross margins are -- I cannot predict what's going to happen in Q1. Q4, we gave you a guidance and we are sticking with that guidance.
Badri Kothandaraman: The situation is quite a bit different in Q4. We have no problems in our manufacturing. The constrain is all coming from the global logistics. It is -- transportation of dangerous goods is even more scrutinized, the costs are even more, a nd so the supply -- it's all about the global logistics and unfortunately, we cannot air ship batteries like microinverters. It just doesn't make sense economically to air ship batteries.  So therefore, we are at a place where we are stuck, where we transport these batteries through the ocean. And we are in the same game as everybody else. When the situation gets better in terms of all the port conditions improving down to the shipping constraints going away, then we'll start to see the lead times drop to their natural number, which is around eight weeks. But for now, the lead times are over 14 weeks.
Badri Kothandaraman: Like what I said, our two cell pack suppliers are capable of doing one AB megawatt hours a quarter. And right now, it is purely logistics constraint. It is not a demand limitation. So, it's too early for me to talk about Q1.  But if you look at our past history, especially in 2021, we have had healthy, reasonable growth every quarter, and we expect to do the same going into 2022. However, but the exact guidance for Q1 and the exact growth, etc., we would have to give it to you in Q1 guidance.
Badri Kothandaraman: We're not going to breakout that much. Let me give you some color. There are 2 companies that we acquired earlier this year. The first one was called Softest, and the design and proposals tool for installers that they have is called Solargraf.  Solargraf basically, the installers can go in there, they can drop the solar panels on the roof, they can get a proposal calculation, so that they can discuss at the kitchen table.  And what have we done. The team is a very smart team, Obviously, they were affected a little bit by COVID. They had some hiring limitations. But all of those are results.  Right now, the team is firing on all cylinders, they understand exactly the improvements that we have to do, which is we're working on shaving, we're working on 3D, we're working on adding storage, and we expect to all of those to be added and released by early next year. And so that will become a best-in-class tool for installers.  Now, the second one is that Company guard DIN. DIN does proposal and permitting services. This is an installer phase. Here is the address of the home. I want a proposal in 8 hours. Or, here are the details about the contract details. I want a permit plan set.  You are to create a permit plan set and give it to me in 24 hours. So, the Enphase Noida team -- Noida is a city northern India. And that team basically does proposal and permitting services. Very healthy growth in Q4 and they're servicing right now big installers.  They're the name of the game for us is our we going to get the automation of the permit plan sets, so that we can increase the quality and the turnaround time and keep the turnaround time to near zero. They're working on automation of those permit plan sets. And once that is done, then I will introduce that capability to all our long-tail installers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Just to summarize, those 2 are doing exceptionally well. They hit records in Q2, they hit new records in Q3, and I expect them to perform well going forward.
Badri Kothandaraman: We just started shipping into Germany. It's really not material at this point. As you know, when you start shipping into a country, you need to get installers trained.  Training of installers is not easy. But good thing about Europe is most of it -- most of the demand comes from long tail installers. We know how to survey long tail installers. It means a great product which is easy to install, great training, great customer support.  And it's not going to come just like that. It's a business we need to block and tackle and build steady. So, I would say it is not material at this stage -- the international business. Right now, U.S. is doing extraordinarily well in storage.
Badri Kothandaraman: There are some things in our control, there are some things not in our control. i already talked about the logistics situation which is not in our control. Whatever was in our control was the AC FET driver supply. What we did was we basically pivoted.  We had 2 suppliers early last -- early this year, which we -- which I think in Q2 it was 3. Now it's 5 suppliers. So really, we have solved the problem of the AC FET drivers simply by hard work and qualifying a lot more suppliers. Now, let's come to IQ8. IQ8 offers a lot of interesting possibility.  Why is IQ8 -- why we think the IQ8 is going to make a huge difference is until now, homeowners are under the assumption that their solar system will not produce power -- will produce power during the grid outage as long as the sun is shining.  We -- only a few of us know that that is not true. The standard solar system needs the grid, voltage and frequency as a reference. So therefore, during grid shutdown, you don't have that voltage and frequency as a reference, therefore there is no power from a standard solar system. We are changing that paradigm. IQ8 is a microgrid farming microinverter. So, we think this opens up very interesting possibilities.  And one other thing about IQ8 is it does not require any particular storage size to be paired with it. In other words, at the extreme case if there is no storage, the ratio of solar to storage is infinity. There is solar on the roof, there is no storage, you divide the two, there is infinity. So, our IQ8 is blazing fast and can adjust itself to any kind of grid conditions.  Having said that, use case 2 which I talked about, sunlight backup. It's backup using the sunlight without storage that fuels case 2 in the event of a grid outage. Now, we think our customers would mainly buy a small battery along with it because when a cloud cover comes, you don't want to lose power.  At that time, you want some immunity there. So, a small battery will be perfecting order to make sure you have enough resilience. Then, you don't need to buy a large battery, you can buy a small battery.  Some people might say, no, I'm just happy with solar, I only need -- I only lose power twice a year. I'm happy with solar and sunlight backup, which is use case 2 is perfectly fine. Now -- so homeowners have their own way of choosing what they want according to their needs.  But Enphase will provide the entire range of what they need with the help of our installers. Because installers are extremely important to educate the homeowners there. So that education process will take some time, and as normal with any new product, there will be ramp. But this product is going to be a game changer.  When you have a grid type product and when you have a grid agnostic product side by side, you have to question, who's going to buy a grid type product? I didn't give you specific numbers, but we are excited about IQ8. And we think it's going to make a huge difference for our business going forward.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are imminently going to introduce a IQ8D. And yes, we are a little bit late there, but the beta installations, which I call pilot installations, are happening this quarter. And IQ8D is really a product with fantastic cost structure.  You have 640 watts of AC and they are all packed into a form factor that's only slightly bigger than IQ8. And it is perfect for the small commercial business. Maintaining very high qualities, still the Enphase quality. And the small commercial business folks can accept a two-panel one-micro solution.  So, to answer your question, we are going to be introducing IQ8. We are going to start ramping in the first quarter. Not only we are -- let me step back. We are actually thinking about IQ8 as a not a microinverter only, we are thinking about it as an entire system.  What do I mean by an entire system is an asset manager or an installer comes to our website and wants to design a product for a building, for a gas station, for a hotel, for a school, we will enable all possible tools. He will be able to go and draw what he wants on the roof. He'll be able to estimate and get a quick proposal. He'll be able to go and do permitting services that he needs.  And in short -- and one more important thing, fleet management. He will be able to manage his fleet and have enormous flexibility on doing what he wants. He will be to see on a given day whether it was profitable or not. On a given day, if you made money, he'll be able to get incredible resolution on which microinverters doesn't work, and with the touch of a button, he'll be able to call Enphase.  So, we're thinking about its end-to-end folding. And this is with a view towards the asset managers, with a view towards the installers with our end-to-end system. So that's where we have taken a little bit of time. Having said that, like what I said, we're going to pilot it in Q4 and start ramping in Q1.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, right now, to tell you the truth -- tell you bluntly, we haven't monetized enough. But the places where it's helping us get better is by having information at our fingertips.  We are able to predict problems better than -- meaning, in other words, we don't need the customers to call us, we can call customers. So that's in terms of customer service, and in terms of monetization.
Badri Kothandaraman: No. What we think is in the small commercial business, what do people care about the most is they cannot even lose one day of savings. Extremely important for them. You cannot lose 1 day of savings.  Therefore, if we are able to be -- if we can proactively look at that, and if we can hyper analyze that with our Nakar network operation center and fix problems before they happen, that's the holy grail.
Badri Kothandaraman: Q4 is a significant improvement from Q3. That's the first thing you should note The AC FET driver shortage. we have effectively mitigated by qualifying five suppliers. I also mentioned constraint on the ASIC's, the ASIC situation.  And I think we can reasonably navigate it for Q4. And what's the path going forward? Once again, it would be foolish for me to predict what's going to happen in one because it's dynamic. But knowing what I know situation in Q1 should get better than Q4.  I don't know how much, but the situation in Q1 should get better. And once the worldwide supply chain logistics situation gets solved, then we should be able to meet -- our supply should be able to meet demand. But right now, we live in a dynamic situation, that's why it's not good for us to predict what's going to happen in Q1.  Right now, this is what we're giving to you in Q4. Our Q4 supply is meaningfully higher for the AC FET drivers, because we have enough of the AC FET drivers and ASICs. And that's what the guidance is based.
Badri Kothandaraman: We'll talk a little bit more about IQ9 in the Investor Day. The -- on IQ9, just a quick thing. It is basically, the power -- power is getting higher and higher and higher. And if you want to dissipate the higher power through a same form factor you need innovation. And when you start looking at innovation, there is innovation that needs to happen in the transistors, which are what I call the output AC transistors as well as the DC transistors.  The innovation needs to happen there. The innovation needs to happen in the ASIC. That's relatively easy, needs to run at a higher-frequency. Innovation needs to happen at the transformer level because now the transformer can be a lot lesser if you run the AC transistors at a higher-frequency. It needs all three of these to work in tandem.  We need a transistor that's capable of tolerating much higher current in much smaller form factor. The second is an ASIC that's capable of driving to that frequency. The third is a transformer that can be many  to gain advantage from the increased frequency.  All three of them are going to be worked on in IQ9, so that we can deliver even more higher power with smaller farm . So, I'll stop at that. Bottom line, it's innovation. You'll hear it, and -- but in the meantime, we've got IQ8. IQ8 is the innovation, and the IQ8 ASIC enables the response tying to grid events to be significantly faster, orders of magnitude faster than IQ7.  That's so we can get away with any storage size. So IQ8 is -- and like what I said, I've already said it and we couldn't be more excited. And there is a lot of innovation in IQ8 that's still going to come as incremental products. For example, IQ8H. IQ8H is the highest power version that we have today.  That's the highest power version we have made at Enphase. It's 384 watts of ASIC. In IQ7, we had an IQ7 A, in which was 366 watts. So, we continuously tweak the power as we  incremental products. But IQ8 is a great product.
Badri Kothandaraman: We'll talk more on the Analyst Day. I mean, we want to have to have a particular cadence on our microinverter s going forward and we'll talk a little bit more about it in the Analyst Day.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. You're talking about the competitor that introduced a microinverter. Now, we have seen a lot of competition in microinverters over the years. We don't neglect any of them. We take all of them seriously. In desk is the competitor. It's a formidable Company. We have a lot of respect for them. They have a big balance sheet. We're not sure what they're going to do, but we are focused on what we can do. We have made eight generations of microinverter.  We have very strong IP, 300 plus veterans. All of these microinverters that are based on the ASIC chip. Semiconductor architecture that has gotten ASIC custom designed by Enphase. And that custom design by Enphase enables us to do a single-stage architecture. Because we do a single-stage architecture versus the standard dual stage architecture.  What happens is we use reduced number of components Because we have reduced number of components, our heat dissipation is a lot lesser. Because our heat dissipation is a lot lesser, our quality is high. As I always have said, my target DPPM is 500. 500 parts per million for microinverter.  That's 0.05% we are talking about, and that kind of outstanding quality comes due to our custom ASIC architecture and high level of semiconductor integration. So that's what we have done over time. And now to add icing on the cake, it is IQ8 -- is good for me. It is -- can, it can do sunlight backup in the absence of a power grid without a battery. So that's where we're going.  And when you asked me about next, I did talk a little bit on IQ-9 and IQ-10. Right now, IQ-8 has got single phase , soon we will have three-phase . So That's the direction we're going. It's all about innovation for us. Innovation will drive high-quality. High-quality will drive great customer experience. That's what we are all about.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, we're not really seeing a risk and the customers understand if a container last year was $2,000 -- an ocean container -- now it is $16,000. It is component costs have risen rapidly. For us, sometimes more than 100% in coming component cost.  And because of the constraint, we are forced to put inverters on planes to answer them. Imagine the container cost, make the overall situation tough. You're seeing inflation in the U.S. exactly plus 5.4% compared to this September is 5.4% compared to last year in the US.  So, both times we did a single-digit price increase, low-single-digits, by the way, and we are incredibly sensitive to installers. Actually, we are incredibly sensitive to distributors, installers and homeowners so that when we try to take as much heat as possible.  And when it comes to, okay, let's make sure we are pragmatic. We decided to pass single-digit percentage price increase. So, we think -- no one likes price increases, but we think our customers will understand and they will appreciate, and I'm not worried about it.
Badri Kothandaraman: We've had experiences with the rollouts. We did with IQ 6 that took a lot of time we did with I Q7. This product requires a little bit of education, but it's obvious to most people. We think it could be faster.  But it's difficult for us to predict. Transitions are always hard, transitions are complex. Lots of puts and takes. It is the installers -- we are educating the installers. We were educating distributors actually, we did that.  Now we have been educated installers and we need to make sure that we helped them to put their best foot forward with the homeowners. And that process does take a little bit of time. That's why we thought, success for us is 4 to 6, so obviously 4, I would be thrilled with 6.
Badri Kothandaraman: I would look for lot more improvements we can do in the future, but I think it's reasonable number right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, actually it's pretty simple. Europe is growing. They're doing very well. And in Europe, the countries that we are doing well, Netherlands, France, Belgium, Spain. We're just starting to ramp in Germany.  We introduced IQ7 the into retailing. So that's going to start ramping very soon. We introduced Enphase storage systems into both Germany and Belgium, we're going to see those effects but it's really all about Europe.  Latin America is a region that we are excited about, especially Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is very strong for us in terms of storage. We expect continued growth in Puerto Rico also other storage in the next few quarters. Brazil is another one you should be looking at, that you should be watching closely.  And in Brazil, it's too early to talk about numbers, but it is a big market on 0.6 gigawatts of solar. Of course, it is a cutthroat market, but I think with some intelligence -- with some intelligent way to sell the product, and with products like the IQ8D, along with our products like IQ7 A, which is the highest power products, we should be able to make a serious dent coupled with innovative financing.  We'll be working on that a lot, but we're excited about Brazil; it's a huge opportunity for us. So that's the color on international, mainly Europe for now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. We have not broken out the margins individually by our product line. And -- but yeah, I get that question a lot. Is storage -- What's the margin on storage? What are we confident about, etc. I want to mention the following.  We just started shipping storage last year. We are ramping. It took us some time to ramp. We were in the early stages before – our cost is usually it's common knowledge that the cost is high relatively at an earlier stage of Ramp, and that situation is changing.  We are streamlining everything as far as the product is concerned, the supply chain, the manufacturing, the cost structure, etc. We are also working on new products, which I will share with you at the Analyst Day.  Very often in storage, the two metrics to focus on, are basically, kilowatt hours per liter. And actually, watt-hours per liter and watt-hours per kilogram. Those are the two metrics to focus on. And for us, the way we can maximize watt-hours per liter -- if you maximize that, obviously your cost comes down -- manufacturing costs, product cost comes down.  And how do you maximize that is by building best-in-class power electronics because things that -- cell pack is pretty decent. But if you take the cell pack on one hand and if you take power electronics, those are the two things
Badri Kothandaraman: gas stations. We're talking about relatively small instance here. And so, the name of the game for us is the same. Provide great customer experience to our installers. Provide highest quality to our installers. The installers do have a pain point. A lot of the solutions they have today are not high quality. That's were Enphase can add value, and that's what we're going to do with IQ8D products.  Address that 20 to 200-kilowatt segment, and try to win over that segment, win over the installers who serve with that segment. And one of the ways we think we can know it is by offering a complete solution. It's not just micros, it is -- you talk about the design soft in solar -- design software, and then proposals, then permits, then fleet management, then operations and maintenance.  With best-in-class quality microinverter. Now of course, I mean, one of the other things which again, we will share our thoughts on the Analyst Day, is the small commercial controller also begs the question of small commercial storage.  So, we'll share a little bit of a thoughts there too. But for now, it is just transited in one line. It's a very similar dynamics of installers. They all want high-quality and great service. We're going to do exactly that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Simply put, if you segment the business into microinverters and batteries, microinverters, we have largely solved the supply constraints. On the batteries, you have a logistics issue, that's huge.  And the microinverters, honestly, you will have logistics issues, but on the batteries it's bigger because we have a flexibility of air shipping microinverters, which we do not on batteries. And that logistics issues are nothing specific to Enphase.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right now, we have two battery cell pack suppliers. Both of them are in China. Originally, we set that together, they will have a capacity -- they can give us the capacity of 120 megawatt outs a quarter.  Now, because of our relationships, that capacity has increased to 180 megawatt hours a quarter. We can probably get a little bit more from them, even more than 180 per quarter if we want. However, the point you raised is right, which is global diversification, which is, what are you doing in the event that it's a disruption in the supply chain in China.  So, we have a lot of interesting opportunities that we're working on. I'm not prepared to share about any specifics yet, but that's the focus area for us, and we are working on it. And when we have something concrete to announce, I'll I share with you.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, success, I've thought about this too. Success is a few areas. Like one is educating new homeowners about the innovation from Enphase. I'm hoping that will happen here. And so that's one that's a success.  The second one is we are able to able to enable -- I mean, we are able to have or realize cost effective toted system sizes for the market. In other words, let's say I have 6 kilowatts solar system. I don't need a 16 kilowatts of storage system. How about I only get 6 kilowatts storage system just for the essential backup by me.  How about an enormous flexibility in that choice? I should be able to get a 3 if I need, to 3 kilowatt hours. Because all I care, let's say my requirement as a homeowner, let us say is only to keep but the light on. I should be able to do that with many minimal costs, with 0 constraints.  So, it's going to enable all kinds of use cases with the range of batteries. And hopefully it's going to make the overall system affordable for a lot more people, right? And in the extreme case, the case with no storage, which is sunlight backup only. There may be some population will say, you know what? I am okay.  I lose power only, like what I said earlier in the call, the two times a year, maybe five times a year. And at that time, I'm perfectly happy. If I have backup power only during the day. Right. So, success for me is the batteries.  They come -- batteries become a lot more common, which is the , which is IQ 8 Solar Systems with Small Phase batteries just start sprouting at every home. But that's me. With all due respect, the homeowners have their own way of choosing things and that installers that are going to help them to make the correct choice for them. And all I can do is to speculate, nothing more.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, so we're not breaking out the exact specifics of IQ8 rising in this call, but I IQ8 as a microinverter adds a lot more value than IQ7, so we priced it based on that value.  Obviously the IQ8 ramp that is -- right now in Q3, there was no IQ8 shipments, so none of the financials until Q3 into IQ8. But we do plan to start shipping IQ8 from Q4, expected in December, and it will be higher price compared to IQ7.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean Q3, we shipped 2.6 million microinverters and we already gave you a plan on 5 million microinverters capacity. That of course is a supply capacity, it's a manufacturing capacity of our contract manufacturers. However, the components need to come into those plans. And that's the enormously stressed supply chain.  So, we don't know when that will get alleviated. But once that gets alleviated, we should not be having any capacity issues or any supply issues until the capacity that we indicated. And beyond that, all of these, if I look at our Guad factory for example. If we want more capacity, we need to put more auto lines there.  If we look at our Chennai factory in India, same deal. If we look at our China factory, same deal. And that is only manufacturing capacity. But on the other hand, we deal with many hundreds of suppliers. Each of them will need to up their game.  And we will need to qualify multiple suppliers. For example, for the -- for a PCB today, printed circuit board, today we have a couple of suppliers, we may need to take that up to 4 suppliers. if we're going to service extraordinarily higher demand beyond 5 million. So, there is some structural changes we'll do, but it's something that we are used to doing.  It requires to -- a couple of quarters of notice in order to put an auto line, we can have it. It requires a couple of qualifications to be done with adding two express suppliers, like what we did on the AC , we can have it. Take a few quarters, but we're not afraid of -- the number 5 or 10 doesn't daunt us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again during our Investor Day on November 16th. Thank you.
Eric Branderiz: For commercial projects, imagine asset manager having all this information of the power or the fleet performance, how differentiated will be a platform sold within the IQ8D solution, as a bundle solution for the asset manager is going to be -- is at the panel level, very transparent, and very easy to follow, very easy to use, update, upgrade, monitor all the performance metrics of our , and so on and so forth.  And finally, one area of the battery developed is the grid services platform, on understanding our ability to dispatch power in use. We call it the frequency regulation capabilities to allow the homeowner to monetize that asset at their will. Meaning having that formation available for forecasting and also for dispatching.  And doing voltage regulation, frequency regulation, and ultimately the power availability for . So those are the pieces of data right now that we have in line.
Eric Branderiz: To add one more thing Phil., Remember also, the Q1 fence should be a, seasonal quarter, right? So those are the kind of things as you model and you think about this, the demand is there, we supply, we'll mutually serve each other its typical seasonality.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. Well, thank you for the question. This is Eric. So, James, I -- one of the things that Badri and I, we always are very cautious is making sure that whatever we guide is a number that we can come behind it, to the best of our knowledge as we stand today in front of you guys.  And so, the range is a range, and it still remains a range. If you look at our past track record on the way we deliver every quarter, we tend to be doing pretty well based on that range.
Eric Branderiz: So, you can track our past record on that front, right? In terms of the moving parts, we feel in many ways that our  bottoms-up forecasting process and the way we manage our costs and the opportunities that we have based on our technology that Badri had described provided -- provide us unique visibility over perhaps a few quarters ahead of us.  But right now, based on the reality of the logistics, another example, just to give you the spot pricing on components, right? And in many cases t, the availability of those components you need to be an additional price.  And so, some of them can be short-term, some of them they may stay with us. In the meantime, we continue very disciplined on our cost reduction roadmaps . So, within the visibility that we have, within the guidance that we provided, that hopefully is pretty consistent.  And the way we've been conducting ourselves in the past, even under extreme supply constraint challenges, we know how to manage fairly well within the quarter. So, I hope with that I answer your question and give you comfort that when we put something in front of you guys, it's the best that we can with a lot of analytics.
Eric Branderiz: that you need to work on. Cell pack is already pretty decent. So, we're working on power electronics to do best-in-class integration. And we'll share more of our thoughts on the Analyst Day, but we are working on those furiously, and those will help us to achieve best-in-class cost structure on storage.  And remember, we will not enter any business until we are confident unless we are confident that they will meet our target baseline. That's why we set to target basically, and we won’t enter businesses where we cannot achieve that.
Eric Branderiz: Yeah. So, to give you some color, it is right now -- we think the long tail installers are neglected in this segment, which is specifically -- and I won't call it as a niche segment. It's a small commercial segment.  That means 20 kilowatts to 200 kilowatts. And very often these installers are the same installers who do residential. And we are talking about motels, hospitals, churches.
Eric Branderiz: I mean, we definitely always think about innovation and differentiation. So, the numbers that we normally profile as part of the guidance and the framework that we use as a baseline are predicated towards not compromising growth. So that's the way we think about.  And as we continue innovating, improving our quality in delivering products that are superior, potentially even bring groundbreaking like IQ8 right. We seem to believe that those are not necessarily a compromise at least in the mean short-term. As you think in the long term, new product introductions, more acquisitions, more activity.  The Company that you are looking today is a very different Company than the Company that I joined almost 4 years ago. And will continue to transform itself into the energy Company that the market deserves. And we will continue delighting customers, continue discipline our model pricing strategies, cost reduction.  Again, using the best innovation available in negotiating with our vendors on a fair pricing based on volume discounts. Providing the homeowner full visibility over the experiences, so therefore, they understand what they're gaining. So, I think that that's what it made us, what it is today.
