Paul Nahi: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today to discuss our second quarter 2015 financial results. I'll provide some key highlights and Kris will take through the second quarter financials and the outlook for the third quarter. After that we'll open up the call for Q&A. We delivered financial results for the second quarter of 2015. Demand for our solar energy systems was strong in our core US residential markets as well as in Europe and Australia resulting in a quarterly record of a 195 megawatts shift, an increase of 48% year-over-year. We reported revenue of a $102.1 million for the second quarter of 2015 an increase of 25% year-over-year and non-GAAP margin of 32.7%. We also reported solid bottomline results including positive non-GAAP operating income and net income along with non-GAAP diluted earnings of $0.06 per share. Since inception we've shipped approximately 9 million microinverters or 2 gigawatts of Enphase microinverter systems. There're currently over 340,000 Enphase systems in 97 countries. In the US market second quarter revenue was up 22% year-over-year as we saw continued strong customer demand for our microinverter system and the expansion of our customer base. Our market share in the US residential market excluding [indiscernible] continues to be strong and growing and with our customers and partnerships such as our recently announced strategic supply agreement with Sunrun we expect this trend to continue. As a preferred supplier of solar energy systems to Sunrun for its home solar installation business, Enphase will provide its microinverters to Sunrun's direct installation services business for the first time. Sunrun recognizes that Enphase offers a smart, differentiated and financially compelling approach to clean energy generation that delivers strong economics, excellent system performance over the life of the project. We look forward together with Sunrun not only as a preferred supplier but as a partner in delivering intelligent energy solutions.  During the second quarter, we signed an agreement with REPOWER by Solar Universe that establishes Enphase as the primary solar energy system supplier for REPOWER’s unique integrated solar power and smart home energy system. In the commercial sector, we continue to make headway with our C250 commercial product solution. During the second quarter, Enphase and My Generation Energy completed and commissioned a 900 kilowatt commercial project featuring our C250 microinverter system. My Generation Energy and other commercial installers recognize and appreciate the Enphase C250 value proposition of optimal performance, less wiring and fewer balance of system components and significantly reduced design, labor and overall construction cost.  Turning to our international business, revenue was up 37% year-over-year mainly driven by strong growth in Europe and APAC region. In Australia and New Zealand, second quarter revenue increased nearly 200% year-over-year. We continue to view the APAC region as a significant growth area. In addition, we are seeing increasing global interest for energy management system which consist of our microinverter, AC batteries and load control, all managed by our cloud based application Enlighten. I recently visited with current and potential customers in the UK, Europe and Australia and came away very impressed with the strong interest in our energy management system to address regulatory requirements, increased economic benefit of the total system and enable more energy independence.  Interest in our AC battery solution is especially robust. After discussions with customers all over the world, we are confident that our AC battery with its modular architecture and seamless integration into Enlighten will be unique in its simplicity, its ease of installation, performance and cost effectiveness. It's important to note that the anticipated growth of energy storage will continue to increase the value of an energy management system. A home, building or grid including a system comprised of solar generation, energy storage and load management will require an energy management system to create a total solution. With hundreds of thousands of customers already using Enlighten, the path toward total energy management for Enphase customers has already been paved. We will start testing and begin certification activities of our AC batteries source solution later this year as we prepare for our market launch in early 2016. Now I will turn it over to Kris for his review of our financial results. 
Paul Nahi: Thanks Chris. Before we go to Q&A, I’d like to take a moment to highlight the Enphase value proposition and our competitive strengths. We continue to grow our business in every geography and every segment. We have an impressive customer list worldwide and the demand for our products is strong and continues to grow. Our unique value proposition as well as the superior quality and reliability of our energy system resonates with customers globally. In the U.S. residential market, we currently have strategic partnerships with four out of the five top installers, NRG, Sunrun, SunEdison and Vivint. We also have strategic partnerships with many new and upcoming players, and in fact are seeing increasing momentum and growing market share with them. These customers continue to execute well on their growth strategies in the U.S. residential and commercial markets, as well as internationally. It's clear that with its ongoing inverter diversification strategy is putting downward pressure on our topline growth but despite this Enphase continues to grow. We believe that our share of Vivant's business will normalize this quarter after which we expect to continue to see overall growth. Our current customer portfolio is well balanced with large Tier 1 customers as well as with midsized and smaller installers and no one customer accounting for a disproportionate share of our revenue. Recently there's been a great deal of discussion about competitive pricing, we certainly recognize the increased pressure on inverter pricing that is affecting all suppliers. Pricing has been and will continue to be very important. While we've said this before it's worth restating that because of our advanced design semiconductor based technology and proven track record we have great confidence that the cost of our microinverter system will approach that of common string inverters and be lower than string inverters with optimizers. Enphase has an exceptional track record of cost reduction and we will continue to reduce costs even further. In fact our current cost reduction roadmap is more aggressive than ever. In addition to driving down product costs through innovation and semi conductor integration a microinverter is uniquely able to leverage its scale as well as the growing availability of higher power models to further accelerate costs and price reduction. We will be providing more details about our product cost reduction roadmap in the coming months. The combination of continued solid growth, aggressive cost reduction, ever increasing performance and reliability and the delivery of a complete energy management solution is proving to be very powerful and will continue to drive further growth with new and existing partners worldwide. We're more excited than ever about the many opportunities ahead. Now I'll open up the line for questions.
Paul Nahi: Well thank you very much for joining in the call today. There may be a mistake, I think there may be some questions on line.
Paul Nahi: Well what we said is that we are going to be providing a lot more details about that in the coming months at a high level, what I would say is if you look at the history of silicon valley it is all about cost reduction as a result of semiconductor integration and innovation. Our device our microinverter is based on a very complex and sophisticated semiconductor design and I think that what we are seeing right now in terms of cost reduction is nothing dissimilar that we've seen for many years with many other products in Silicon Valley, so we're going to continue that trend and as I said we're going to be sharing with you a lot more details about this in the very near future.
Paul Nahi: Well we have a very strong team that's actually doing extremely well in Australia and we've already expanded into New Zealand and we are still very early in that region so there's a tremendous amount of market growth specifically in Australia and a growing market share in New Zealand. Having said that and we do not preannounce the introduction of our product into new geography but I will say that as you look north in the Asia Pacific region there are up and coming markets that we are very excited about that our microinverter solution is extremely well suited for and we'll keep you informed as we have more details about that.
Paul Nahi: So the answer to your first question there has been and I believe still will continue to be some policy shifts occurring in the UK, however it is not significantly impacting our business, where again, it's -- we are relatively young in these markets and there is a lot of market share ahead of us. So we are seeing tremendous success. The brand is growing. The teams are executing very well and I expect to see continued growth in the UK market. As for Australia and New Zealand and the commercial markets there, we are actually very active in both the residential and the commercial markets in Australia and New Zealand. The -- we have a slight advantage there and that the product is the same product as opposed to what's required in the U.S., so we are able to take advantage and leverage the technology we have, leverage the customers base that we have to see continued growth.  So as we mentioned on the call, we have seen a 200% year-over-year increase and we expect to see continued growth in the Australian market.
Paul Nahi: So we are not going to comment on specific pricing for specific customers. We have a very competitively priced product and there is a recognition that the value of a microinverter is unique that a microinventer does produce more energy it's easier to design, easier to install, it's the most reliable product out there, and that value is recognized by our customers. The gross margin that you see reflects the tier 1 customers as well as tier 2s and tier 3s and I think we are going to continue to be able to extract the value of a microinverter as we attract both larger customers as well as smaller ones.
Paul Nahi: In reference to the market share question, what I would say is that we are not going to guide to market share for 2016 but if you look at the existing performance we have been increasingly successful with small and medium size installers. We have added Sunrun most recently as a large installer customer and that trend we believe is going to continue.
Paul Nahi: Sure. There certainly is quite a bit of noise about this. Let me start by saying that the modularity of our solution is very unique and incredibly valuable, when you talk to customers Australia, in the UK and Continental Europe, the ability to right size the storage solution for that specific application, for that specific customer is critical in optimizing the return on investment. With an Enphase solution you have the exact amount of source that you need, no more, no less. In addition the simplicity of our solution because we are not encumbered by being tied to the solar system, for an Enphase solar solution you simply one person can hang one device on a wall, plug it in and you now have storage. With our solution one person can install an entire storage system in just a few hours and because it’s not coupled with the solar solution, our installers can and are extremely interested in retrofitting existing installations with an Enphase storage device. So, the simplicity and the ease for the installer and the consumer I think are very pronounced and unique to our solution. In addition to that, there are other solutions out there and there are as an example some optimize their solutions there that in fact have seven stages of conversion. So if you look at the efficiency of our solution, we will always be more efficient and generate more energy than another solution out there. In fact, if you look at everything from the performance of our battery, which is north of 96% and close to 97% round trip efficiency compare that to some recently announced battery solutions that are down to 92% round trip efficiency. If you look at the number of cycles that we have over our lifetime somewhere in the neighborhood of 11,000 versus 5K for competitive solutions, it speaks to the support of our system to be able to do multiple cycles every day. So I think in terms of efficiency, we’re going to be far more efficient than any other solution. We’re going to be far easier to install and manage. And on top of everything, we will very likely be one of the most effective solutions out there. So our discussions with customers around the world are really very exciting and very positive and we’re very-very optimistic about the success of our storage solution.
Paul Nahi: So it’s a good question. I think if you look at the advantages of microinverter and you look at the fact that we’ve had such tremendous success despite the fact that we have been priced at a premium and sometimes earlier on at a significant premium over string inverters, it’s clear that our customers value the microinterver and value what it brings to the table. As we talked about more energy production, simpler to design and install, the most reliable product out there, it has tremendous value. The only thing that has really held back yet again more market share adoption, has been pricing. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we get it. That pricing is becoming increasing important. However, as we are able to close that gap and get closer to just playing another string inverters to get under string inverters with optimizers. We think that the penetration of microinverters in the overall market should increase very dramatically, not only with new markets and new segments open up but we should see a very significant increase in market share even in very well entrenched markets. So we’re very-very bullish that this is the future. And the microinverter, as you know, is also a precursor to an AC module where you have a microinverter attached to the back of the module, which will simplify the installation process yet again. So, you couple that with a complete energy management system, I think you have the foundation for the development of a very large portion of the market moving to microinverter solution.
Paul Nahi: I would view that as these are business decisions that we make every single day that we're constantly looking to optimize the business which means growing the topline as hard as we can while maintaining profitability and increasing profitability year-on-year. Because of our aggressive cost reduction task, because of the value that we produce, because of the multiple markets that we're in we're able to go in and surgically make that decision on a customer by customer basis and we have done that. As a result you've seen the share growth that we’ve had while increasing profitability so I guess the short answer is absolutely we make those decisions every day and I'm very confident that we're going to be able to continue that path of profitable growth in the future.
Paul Nahi: We have a long standing relationship with Sun Edison that goes back years, they have been a great partner for us and we're working with them both domestically and internationally, as you know we have a very good relationships with Vivant as well, so we're optimistic that the, that the joint company that post the acquisition we should be in a very strong position to continue to grow both with the joint company as well as within, so our job right now is to make sure that we are supporting them both again domestically and internationally and providing whatever support we can, but we are very optimistic about the relationship going forward with the joint company.
Paul Nahi: I think it is a little bit of both, I think there's clearly a sense that people want to take advantage of the ITC as long as it’s around and leverage their strength in the market. But I don't know that what we're seeing is necessarily just unique to the ITC, I think we're, I think the -- the nature of this market given the fact that we're effectively competing with coal and gas fired power is going to be cost competitive, is going to be, I think is going to challenge suppliers to be very consistent and very aggressive in the [indiscernible] deposits and price reduction strategy going forward. We don’t think it’s going to be necessarily uniquely a US phenomenon, we're going to see this worldwide and for us we welcome it, we think this is, we believe that as prices come down markets open up, as markets come down the overall TAM for the solar market will continue to increase. And we are better positioned than most to be able to leverage technology to help reduce cost, so I think just all in all I think you're going to see it globally and then I think certainly over time we will see prices sort of [indiscernible] to a particular level but I think that's probably a year or two out.
Paul Nahi: So the excitement is really quite palpable. We are seeing it in Australia in Queensland, in New South Wales we are seeing in the UK, we are seeing in Continental Europe. What's exciting about it is that there is in these areas a real economic case for storage whether it's a zero export rule that's happened in Queensland, whether it's a reduction of the Feed-in-Tariff in New South Wales, whether it's taking advantage of the FIT program in the UK, the demand and the desire for self consumption in Continental Europe, all of this requires the coupling of solar generation -- to solar generation with storage. And because our solution is so simple, so cost effective and modular that can fit exactly the right place at the right time as we talk about the demand is just really stunning. And the demand coming for new systems we build as well as the desire to retrofit existing solar solutions with solar. That's very true in a lot of the regions we are in.  In those areas we could very well be retrofitting or our partners could be retrofitting a solar system that's not Enphase with an Enphase storage solution. In fact we expect to see quite a bit of that. Obviously new installs will likely be a total Enphase solution but there are plenty of installs out there that don’t use Enphase that could benefit storage and because we are not coupled to the solar we can augment those solutions. You asked about the Enphase microinverter with other batteries, the fact is that we have a great battery partner but we are chemistry agnostic. There is no -- we don’t have to be with a particular chemistry. There are going to be multiple chemistries out there, some are going to be outstanding. There is going to be -- I think it's going to be a very contested space. I think we should see significant cost reductions, price reductions overtime. We want to stay nimble and loose. So while we have an outstanding partner right now that we are very excited to launch with, we are very much agnostic to the battery itself.
Paul Nahi: Not necessarily along the launch of the Gen 5 but leveraging the Gen 5 platform to get to those costs, absolutely.
Paul Nahi: We are very much on track. The testing certification is going extremely well. We plan to launch in the second half of this year and we are right on track to do that. I think it represents a huge leap in technology for Enphase. And as you noted its bi-directionality is what allows for the creation of an AC battery storage solution. But in addition to that it has all of the advanced grid functions that we haven’t had in the past that now allow us to enter markets like Italy and Germany and a whole host of new markets as well. So we are obviously very excited about it and it's right on track.
Paul Nahi: First of all, I’d like to apologize. I think there has been quite a few technical difficulty this time, and I appreciate your patience and putting up with it. I know it’s difficult on this end. But I would like to thank you everybody for joining us on the call today. And we’re going to look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys it's Jeremiah on the line for Vishal. Thanks for taking the question. I was just hoping you could expand a little bit more on the cost reduction front, I know you'd said that at some point you hope to be lower than inverter plus optimizer and you know competitive with inverters, is there any kind of general commentary you can give around that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great, I'll look forward to seeing that and maybe on a separate topic, as you're expanding more internationally, I know you highlighted Asia Pacific specifically as a growth area, could you talk about the markets that are being more or less successful there and where the future growth may come from in A-Pac.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and moving forward, would you be willing to sacrifice profitability for growth or are there any situations where you would choose one over the other. 
Unidentified Analyst: And just one more on [indiscernible] your September revenue has improved sequentially from June and I have a question as to why this next quarter's guidance the mid point is kind of flat in comparison to this quarter seeing the sequential revenue has increased over the last three quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, so you've talked about the headwinds relating to Vivant's still sourcing, now that they're getting acquired what do you think will be the impact of the new ownership.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and in relation to the kind of broader inverter landscape and you mentioned that the pressure on pricing, how much of that is a reflective of the industry pushing to squeeze out costs in advance of the ITC cliff at the end of next year versus your just general competitive dynamics among the different vendors. 
Kris Sennesael: Yes, and that’s why we guided operating expense to be flat to up 3%. And so it's not a huge amount but there are some one-time expenses in the third quarter that result in a potential small increase of the operating expense.
Kris Sennesael: Well Phil first on the $17 million debt, as you know, we ended last quarter with $27 million of cash at the end of Q1, at the end of the second quarter we had $16 million of net cash, it's actually $30 million of cash with $17 million of debt. As you can see in the second quarter accounts receivable increased approximately $21 million mainly driven by the ramp of the business in the second quarter as well as the timing of shipments during the second quarter and we kept inventory approximately flat. And so as a result of that, that definitely have an increase in working capital requirements and we had a working capital facility there and we used it. As I said before, I do expect in the second half given the seasonality of the business and given that I expect to drive down accounts receivables as well as inventory levels to repay any of those outstanding amounts on the working capital facility.
Kris Sennesael: Michael we typically only guide one quarter at the time. And so I am not going to make a change here. But historically if you look at our seasonal trends, we have seen that the fourth quarter is up slightly, flat to slightly up versus the third quarter. And so, based on the information that we have today and based on what we believe will continue in our Vivint business, as well as the non-Vivint business, that’s what we expect for the fourth quarter as well.
Kris Sennesael: We've stated before that our margins on the international business specially taken into accounts some of the Forex headwinds that we've recently seen are slightly below average but there is not a big difference but it's I would say slightly below average.
Kris Sennesael: Right and I think we try to explain that on the call, it’s mainly driven by Vivant's revenue that is down 75% year-over-year as well as drastically down sequentially as well, if you look at the non Vivant part of the business you can see that we expect strong year-over-year growth as well as sequential growth in the third quarter versus the second quarter. 
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so I have talked about that during the last call that as a result of the port issues we ended up with slightly higher than expected inventory levels in the first quarter. We have started to work inventory levels down in the second quarter but only little bit of a reduction it was less than $1 million. And so we expect to continue to do that in the second half and see further drastic reductions there on the inventory levels in the second half. The other reason of course was the increase in the accounts receivable which was actually a bigger impact on the increased working capital requirements there. But there as well given the seasonality of our business, we expect to drive down accounts receivable in the second half of the year. And as a result of that, generate positive free cash flows and repay all the outstanding amounts under the working capital facility.
