Kris Sennesael: Thank you, Paul. First, I will start with providing some more detail on the financial results for the fourth quarter of 2012, and then I will turn to the business outlook. As a reminder, the financial measures that I'm going to provide are on a non-GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. As Paul mentioned, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $57.6 million, slightly above the high end of our revenue guidance. This is an increase of 1% year-over-year, but if we normalize for the 1603 related revenue at the end of 2011, it is up 14% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, revenue was down 5% compared to our record revenue level of $60.8 million in the third quarter of 2012, mainly driven by a reduction in revenue in Canada and Europe as a result of the (indiscernible) rate changes in those areas, and a reduction of inventory levels in the channel in the U.S. as distributors were reducing inventory levels in front of a seasonally softer first quarter. During the fourth quarter, we shipped approximately 384,000 microinverters or approximately 83 megawatts. Also in the fourth quarter, Enphase set a new gross margin record of 28%, an improvement of 510 basis points compared to the 22.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011 and an increase of 110 basis points compared to the 26.9% in the third quarter of 2012. This improvement was driven by our ongoing cost reduction efforts, combined with a relatively stable pricing environment for Enphase microinverter systems. Operating expenses in the fourth quarter were $20.3 million, with R&D at $7.8 million, sales and marketing at $7 million, and G&A at $5.5 million. These non-GAAP operating expenses did not include $1.5 million in stock-based compensation expenses and $400,000 in severance costs. During the fourth quarter, we made some changes to our organization realigning departments, improving the critical skill set mix, and making adjustments to our international entities to better serve our customers. We ended the fourth quarter and full year with 384 employees, the same level as at the end of the third quarter, and up approximately 85 employees from the beginning of the year. The operating expenses were down approximately 12% compared to the third quarter of 2012. It is actually the first time in the history of the Company that we were able to reduce operating expenses sequentially, mainly as a result of discretionary spend reduction in all areas of the Company. As announced during the previous earnings call, we feel good about the current level of our operating expenses and the size and depth of our engineering, marketing, and sales team as well as the corporate friendships. Going forward, we will continue to focus on keeping our operating expenses as flat as possible and drive the leverage in the model. For the fourth quarter of 2012, net loss was $5 million or a loss of $0.12 per share. On a GAAP basis, the net loss was $7.7 million or $0.19 per share. In addition to the better than expected revenue performance during the fourth quarter, the record gross margin and the reduction in operating expenses, I'm also very pleased with the positive cash flow from operations during the fourth quarter of $7.6 million and a positive net cash flow of $3.6 million. As a result, the Company exited the year with a total cash balance of $45.3 million, up from the third quarter ending cash balance of $41.7 million. Accounts receivable at the end of the fourth quarter were $27.7 million or 44 days sales outstanding. Inventory turns are at 8 times, with inventory at the end of the fourth quarter at $19.8 million, slightly up from the $16.7 million at the end of the third quarter. Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were $1.9 million, and depreciation and amortization was $1.6 million. Now, I would like to turn to our guidance for the first quarter of 2013. The first quarter of every year is typically a very soft quarter due to weather and other seasonal trends. We expect revenue for the first quarter to be in the range of $43 million to $46 million. At the midpoint of the guidance, this is down 23% sequentially, which is in line with normal or typical seasonality. Also, at the midpoint of the guidance, this is up 5% year-over-year, but if we exclude approximately $9 million of 1603 related revenue during the first quarter of 2012, the midpoint of the guidance is up 33% on a year-over-year basis. Regarding gross margin, we expect the gross margin to be within a range of 26% to 28%. At the midpoint, this is slightly below our record Q4 gross margin, mainly as a result of the lower volumes in a seasonally softer quarter. We also expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately flat compared to the fourth quarter. And with that, I will open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: The normal seasonal trend is Q1 is a soft quarter due to weather and other seasonal trends, and then if we just talk about normal seasonality, we see a strong sequential growth in second quarter followed by further growth into the third quarter, and then typically there is also growth in the fourth quarter, although it slows down a little bit as the channel is preparing themselves for a softer first quarter.
Kris Sennesael: We do not provide full-year guidance, but we just provide guidance one quarter at a time, but as you can see from the numbers, we definitely are making strong progress towards profitability and sustainable positive cash flow. So, we are very pleased with the progress that we make, and we do have line of sight to profitability and positive cash flows without giving a specific timing on that.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so for the first quarter, we are very clear in terms of our guidance. We expect Q1 to be approximately flat compared to the fourth quarter, but then also looking forward for the rest of the year, it's definitely our target to keep operating expenses as flat as possible.
Kris Sennesael: And maybe I would like to add there that looking into 2013, we -- and industry analysts, they expect U.S. residential market to grow 20% to 30% on a year-over-year basis. Obviously, there is going to be some price erosion that will partially offset that growth, but we will definitely continue to push hard to grow our market share as we have been able to do that in the past. In addition to that, we are continuing with our geographical expansion and continue to grow our share outside of the U.S. in Canada and Europe. Those markets nowadays are somewhat challenged, so it's a little bit unpredictable what the growth rates are going to be in those markets, but we definitely continue to expand our geographical reach in those markets.
Kris Sennesael: Our breakeven model calls for revenue at approximately $80 million. We have a gross margin of 30% and obviously OpEx stand at 30%, you get to a breakeven from a non-GAAP operating income point of view.
Paul Nahi: The blended ASP for Enphase is a little bit challenging to calculate, in part because we include cabling, the communications unit which we call Envoy, as well as different product mixes. So, I wouldn't read much into that number. What I would say is that we have been very successful in reducing prices in 2012, and we expect to have built-in further reduction in prices in 2013 for the full year.
Paul Nahi: We're not guiding specifically to ASP. What I would say is that, when we do an ASP reduction, we will certainly let you know, but for the time being, we have not announced anything in terms of price reduction.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So, as we mentioned, we exited the year with tremendous market share in the U.S. In fact, I don't really know of any other solar company that has had this kind of market share. However, I think what we're seeing is a very clear and undisputable trend towards microinverters on the global rooftop market, and as a result, I think what we're going to see is an increased utilization of microinverters across the globe. We clearly lead this space, and I fully expect us to maintain and increase our lead in the markets that we're in and the markets that we're going to be in.
Paul Nahi: Sure. Well, we've had competition for a while right now, although it hasn't had a material effect on our sales. This has been primarily from smaller companies. For the first time, we are seeing competition from some of the larger companies. In fact, one of our larger competitors is investing very heavily in sales, in marketing, in outreach, both domestically and internationally for their new microinverter product, and it hasn't had any material effect on our sales. What I think we're seeing quite frankly is the challenge associated with the development of a microinverter. It's a very sophisticated technology. I think while many of our competitors are trying to develop one, I think the challenges associated with the development of a reliable product that can be introduced on a global scale has proved to be, I think, a more significant problem than they anticipated.
Paul Nahi: We are. And I think you're correct in assuming that some of that growth, if not much of that growth is being driven by financing. As Kris had mentioned, we are seeing or we are anticipating a 20% to 30% increase in the U.S. market this year. I think a large part of that will be driven by financing, and financing itself I think is also changing in its very nature as well. So we're going to see multiple types of financing in addition to the traditional cash sales.
Paul Nahi: So, it's very typical for us to see channel inventories drop at the end of Q4, as the channel prepares for a slower quarter in Q1. What we really like to see is a slow build-up in that channel from Q1 through the rest of the year, Q1, Q2, and Q3. We are on track to do that in a very modest way. So, I don't think – there is nothing unusual happening right now. It feels like a normal trend.
Paul Nahi: So, the third-generation product is a product that we are currently shipping and we're almost exclusively third-generation product right now. We have announced that we will be shipping a fourth-generation product later on this year. Our fifth-generation product is up and running in the lab as well, but the fourth-generation product, when it's introduced, will actually be introduced in parallel with our existing third-generation product, and we really can't yet speak to when the transition fully to the fourth-generation product will occur.
Paul Nahi: Well, our experience so far, having done this three times, has been that with each generation of products, we've been able to increase quality, increase the feature set, decrease the price, and decrease the cost. So it's been very, very readily received by all of our customers. So, I don't anticipate this transition to be any different.
Paul Nahi: Thank you. So, 2012 was a great year for Enphase. Looking forward to 2013, I'm excited about the opportunity to continue driving topline growth and market share gains in our existing markets while continuing our geographical and market segment expansion. In addition, we'll continue our relentless development of next-generation technologies to further increase performance and drive down costs. This, in combination with a focus on balanced growth, will drive the leverage in the model towards healthy profit levels and positive cash flow. Thank you everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
