A - Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we gave you a clear view on our capacity. So basically, in Q4 of ‘19, which is this quarter, we have a capacity of 2.5 million microinverters and our guidance reflects basically shipments of 2.1 to 2.2 million microinverters. So our capacity problems are over and we are basically back to demand limited environment.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: At this time, I am unable to provide you that color. All I know is that it will be the same. It will be the equivalent amount.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Look, I mean like what I said we released our website this afternoon. That is going to give installers a lot of – install a specific information to help them pre-sell the product. We plan to take pre-orders in December. Once we have basically installed at a few of our homes which is myself, Eric, Raghu and our systems are functioning well and we personally ensure that it is high-quality, then we will begin taking preorders. We will release – we will start shipping production in the first quarter of 2020 and we are going to be prepared for a good ramp, but the ramps are often difficult. Ramps are often uncertain, very difficult to predict. So I would say by the second half, we should have ramped fully, but Q2, I would expect to be reasonably significant as well.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: It’s too early to give you specific numbers on guidance, but we expect to see the typical seasonality associated with the industry in Q1.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: A follow-up, right. So the question is on the capacity of batteries and will we be able to handle the ramp considering there is going to be a huge demand here in Northern California. So the answer is yes, we have announced partnerships with A123 on the battery supply that is public. We basically have good capacity with them. We also signed agreements with one other battery supplier, a Chinese-based battery supplier that we have not announced. However, we are well into the qualification stages with them, and we expect them also to come on in early 2020. Both of them have promised that nice capacity number. So I think it would be well aligned with our ramp. And if we need to bring in a third supplier, we will not hesitate to bring one.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So let me give some background there. In the last four quarters, we have been unable to meet our customers’ demand. We have been supply limited. And every quarter, prior to entering every quarter, we were fully booked. So there was no question that we were building inventory. We will hand them out. We didn’t have enough supply. Q3 is the first quarter where supply was able to keep up with demand. Now let me come to channel management. I have what is called as the ship review every week where we look at the revenue for the corporation. Basically, we have a channel management business process, which means that we look at every distributor. We basically look at what is their sell-through every week. Sell-through is how well that distributor is doing in order to sell to the end customers, which is the installers, the Tier 3, Tier 4 installers particularly. And essentially, we do both the top down as well as bottoms up, which is we do have distribution managers whose job is to watch the inventory. We also have sales speeds regardless the Tier 3 tier 4 sales folks. All they do is they generate a lot of demand, bottoms up, so that the distributors can sell-through the product to those installers. So we do a combination of both. And then we have strict limits, which is if we find that a distributor does not have enough sell-through for a previous week, we have formulas in place where we consciously limit shipment into the channel. So it is no longer an art, it is a science, and it is not yet run by a computer, it will soon be run by a computer. But we – our channel management is well under control.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Historically, we have not talked about the weeks of inventory. We do not talk about the weeks of inventory. However, I will tell you a good best practice that we have talked about in the past is to have 8 to 10 weeks of inventory in the channel. That’s the guideline I can give you, Brad.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, there have been a lot of – I mean several competitors that emerged with SPI announcements. We are closely watching everyone. But our strategy is the same. While we continue to watch competition, what we do is focus on the value we can provide. And I’ve always told you and I’m like a broken record here. So basically, we have 3 things: product innovation, quality and customer experience. It comes to product innovation, let’s start with IQ 7. We introduced IQ 7 in Q1 of ‘18. And IQ 7 was a software-defined architecture. Even though it was a software-defined architecture, we still have come with generations of IQ 7, IQ 7+ IQ 7X, IQ 7A progressively increasing power with the same base platform. And soon, we will introduce an even more higher powered version very soon in the coming months. So with the same platform, we were able to leverage the hardware to basically increase the AC power and increasing AC power is important. The more AC power the product has the more gross margin I mix. So it’s extremely important. So having talked about IQ 7, the biggest deal is on Ensemble, what is the fundamental point on Ensemble. It is that – Ensemble is a unique kind of product. Ensemble can function, meaning microinverters based on Ensemble technology called IQ 8 can function on the roof when the grid is down, when the sun is shining. I have not seen such an elegant product available yet in the research that I have done. So we are unique and differentiated in that respect. The second is Ensemble more than the microinverter is the technology. It’s an energy management technology. Energy management technology that manages, like what I said, it manages solar, it manages storage, it can even manage the generators and can manage the grid. So if you start progressing, if I don’t have anything except the grid, it is very easy. The consumption inputs the grid. If I have solar, then I have solar and the grid to optimize consumption. So it gets – starting to get a little complex. If I have storage, I have no solar, storage and the grid. Then if I have a generator, I have solar storage generated out of fewer cells and the grid to optimize consumption. So Ensemble technology can exactly do that. It can keep you always on, regardless of what is happening right now. I just wish our products were a little bit earlier. But regardless of the grid, if the energy sources are managed right, people can have their homes always on during these blackouts. And that’s what we are all about. So bottom line, our focus on product innovation. And of course, product innovation is not enough. We need the quality. We need – 500 DPPM is our target, which is of 1 million microinverter shipped annually, 500 come back to us. That’s our 500 DPPM, which is 500 defective parts per million. And that is not easy to do. This is with a very tight business processes, root cause corrective action methodologies, ASIC integration, over-the-air firmware upgrade. All of these are required in order to achieve this kind of quality level. And of course, customer experience. Next is customer experience. So customer experience is we pride on ourselves, being able to answer the phone in 2 minutes or less. And I am not satisfied with that. How about we answer the phone when it rings, that’s what I tell my team, which is get down even further. We have got together of Q4 with sub 1 minute of wait times and then eventually, get to pick up the call when I drink, so product innovation, quality, customer experience. These are our differentiating aspects. We focus on that all the time. And I hope I answered your question a little bit there.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Your observations are right. On the base business, there are a lot of puts and takes in the base business. But realize one thing, that we have basically been supply limited for the last four quarters. So we have never been able to catch up on the demand. And this is the first quarter we actually caught up on the demand. But having said that, to answer your question, I already told you, Europe, I’m not happy with Europe. The performance of Europe is not that great. Although we have improved a lot compared to last year. We said 47% if I am right, 47% year-on-year. But I am not happy with the progress we are making in the rest of Europe. Netherlands is a very nice market for us. Netherlands is the biggest growing market in Europe. We are doing well there. France is we have over – I mean, we have majority of share in France. France is also growing, but we are still yet to make progress in Germany. We have yet to make progress in Belgium. Market share in Belgium is quite low. We look forward to making progress in other Eastern European countries, all in Hungary, those places. So yes, we have work to do.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, our suppliers as well as our competitors have kind of provided an attach rate already. So basically, Sunrun talks about 25% attach rate in California and we expect that to be true. We also expect the blackouts to be accelerating that. And also, for us, it’s not only that in addition, we have an installed base. If you look at our installed base, as of today, our installed base is over 1 million homes. Of over 1 million homes, maybe 70% is in Northern – is in North America. And these are all loyal and safe customers. They’ve been waiting for some time for Ensemble storage. So there’s going to be a lot of demand from there, too in addition to the demand generated from blackouts. Of course, California is – yes, it got a nice attach. Hawaii has got a nice attach. Other countries are coming. Puerto Rico has got a nice attach, yes. Texas is going to come soon. Massachusetts is going to come soon. So we’re going to start seeing an option.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Yes, yes, is the answer, a significant portion of the IQ platform, not the majority. We do have our M215 and M250 product. But the customers are quite clear there that that they basically actually want to upgrade to the latest and greatest technology. Technology that gives them superior power reduction, technology compared to – it is comparable to Ensemble. It is a one-stop shop for – Enphase will be a one-stop shop for solar storage, communication, so yes.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: So to begin with, the 7A was really a big target for the – I mean, residential market as the power continues to increase. However, I’m sure some of our markets, some of our installers will be optimistically looking at using the 7A on the C&I business as well. Having said that, we really expect – we really targeted towards the residential. That’s what we keep in mind.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Right. I mean, as an executive team, we decided that we will never be constrained by capacity. So that’s basically our thinking. And we look at our demand, unconstrained demand, on a 6 quarter basis. And then we have enough – meaning plenty of search capacity, almost 35%, 40% of search capacity that is available so that we can meet abnormally or demand spikes that happen. Having said that, yes, you can say that in Q4 the base business, if you exclude safe harbor, Q4 and Q3 are flat. But note that the safe harbor business came from a brand-new customer that was not there before. And so that’s a big deal. And also, going forward, we expect Ensemble once it kicks in, in Q1 of ‘20 that to drive major customer adoption. That’s what we are all about. So we are getting prepared for Ensemble. Your question on can we add more capacity, for example, if I find I need to go to – I need to go to 4 million units in Q4 of 2020. And if my 6-quarter forecast shows I need that, it will not be a problem for us to do that. It will take us anywhere from 3 to 6 months in order to build that kind of capacity.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: As of today, like what I said, clearly, our capacity is 2.5 million units. I told you 2 million units, a couple of quarters back. Now we have increased it to 2.5. We increased it because we are hovering around that for demand, and I talked about a buffer. So obviously, we are not going to do capacity changes in a vacuum. It will always be predicated by demand, which is why we have forecasting process. The forecasting process tells me that my demand is going to be 3 million units, it’s going to be no problem for me to get to that.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: I mean historically, we have talked about – we have given a 3 percentage point range. And in general, we give ourselves a lot of room for any execution issues that happen in the quarter, et cetera. So it’s basically, yes, short-term fluctuations. But what’s more exciting is the long-term view of gross margin. So everybody keeps asking me, is 35% it, and the answer is no. The 35% is not it. We have a lot of opportunities for us to improve gross margin. That’s what we do. Every week, we run a world-class cost, meaning where the focus is on improving cost of our system, system cost, not microinverter only, microinverters, cable, batteries, accessories, combiners, everything. We also run a pricing, meaning there, again, the focus is on pricing optimization. So multiple initiatives, optimizing pricing, like what I said, introducing products like Ensemble and IQ 7A, eliminating expedite fees as the component supply situation stabilizes, addressing tariff cost, doing cost reductions through ASIC integration. These are all something we’re continuously doing. That’s why you’re seeing the gross margin execution over the last year, we have steadily been climbing on gross margins.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So yes, I’ll talk about something I’ve not talked about before. So there are multiple levels of testing that we do. One is called the unit testing on all the boards that we use inside products like Encharge, Enpower, the combiner box sector. That’s called the unit testing. The other is called the product testing, which is product testing means I test the battery using certain stimulus. And that’s called as product testing, which is – if I need to test the battery properly, I need to make sure the battery management unit [de-cell] themselves, the microinverters, the battery controllers, all of them are working together and responding right to stimulus, the external stimulus. So we covered the unit testing. We covered the product tests. The third, which is the most important, is actually system testing.  What do I mean by a system? A system is how you or me would use it in the house, which means I need to have a solar simulator for solar. I need to have the battery. I need to have my Enpower switch. I need to have the grid. And I need to have my communication equipment and the cloud. All of them will have to be real life. They have to be like how you are living in your home with your normal loads being consumed. So we have to simulate with all kinds of loads. We have to do grid on, grid off simulation. So we have graduated from component testing, which is the – which is what I said, that’s the first basic testing to product testing. Now we are doing system testing. System testing means we install the units like what I said at – it could be my house. It could be Raghu’s house, Eric’s house. In fact, they already have the system installed right now. And we need to beat on them to make sure all the use cases are covered. And in all of these, what is unique about Ensemble is that the hardware is done, which is the hardware that makes you grid-agnostic. That is done. But the software that helps you manage all of these resources, which I told you about, solar, storage, grid, even a generator and the loops. That need to be working well in real life, which is why once we finish our alpha installations, which will be primarily focused on the system software testing, once we do that properly, we will then start taking preorders because our confidence moves from 85% to 95% at that point. And then we basically start to ship that product after we finish real-life installations. We already have about 24 installers who are ambassadors for us. They already have signed up to receive beta installations from us. We will be installing – we will be doing these betas. These are real products. And we will be doing so many installs, 24 installs. We will be getting feedback from all of them. We will determine if we have to course-correct or not. And maybe there are minor course-corrections we will do. And then we will release the product to production. So it’s all coming together right now. I’m just giving you the full picture so you guys know exactly the same thing as me. And of course, we will never release something which does not have the quality and customer experience, which means if I have – if you have an Ensemble system at home, you should be able to – or we should be able to upgrade you to the latest software in the event we have to make changes. That’s called over-the-air software upgrade. And those are all – those all need to be working seamlessly. So it’s basically that is going on right now, but we are confident that by early December, that will be done and we would start taking pre-orders.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Colin, it’s pretty simple. It’s a focus issue. We have not paid attention. And basically, the way we paid attention to North America by staffing with the best-in-class salespeople in North America, we need to do the same thing. Our products are world-class. Our products have a great fit for the market. The market is a growing market. We just need to execute.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Right. We will provide some more color during the Analyst Day, but here is the short story. The million homes or 997,000 homes, they all communicate with us through the Enlighten app. That is a mobile app that basically that we have. That is their gateway to their – providing a view of their power. So they already contact Enphase all the time, both homeowners as well as installers. Having said that, our strategy for Ensemble is making sure that these beta installations are right, we have the right customer experience, and then we can introduce our homeowners to do upgrades, upgrade online or introduce them to programs like the legacy product upgrade, which is a very successful program where about nearly 30,000 homeowners who bought product 10 years or 8 years ago are willingly, they want to all replace by IQ 7. So it will be a similar program. But we’ll do only when we are ready, when we have finished the beta installations. And then we will start on those.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Like what I told you, right, the – today, with pure microinverters, we do roughly about $2,000 a home. With batteries, meaning storage, we will do more than $10,000 a home. And that means even if the attach rate is 20%, it is still significant dollars for us, right? That’s the way to think about it. Still storage is nascent. There are only a couple of states like California and Hawaii who have really ramped on storage. The value proposition for the other states is not as straightforward as California. For example, there are blackouts. It’s simply a peace of mind. And that value proposition needs to come through. And basically, storage is going to start becoming mainstream. That’s going to happen very soon. And then with $10,000 a home, we should be getting our fair share of what we get for microinverters today.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: That’s what I said. I said from 2020, I really hope it’s going to be gone. I really hope I’m going to be not talking about it. And it needs to fall within 0 to 100 basis points so that we stop talking about it.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean our OpEx, if you look at today, what we reported in Q3 is about 14% of sales, overall OpEx. And our OpEx at the midpoint of guidance for Q4, I think, is around 12.4% or something like that. But OpEx is definitely under control, and we plan to keep it in this range. And of course, if we need to keep it in this range, we are – our expectation is that we will continue to grow with the vectors of Ensemble, like what I said. So yes, yes, that’s it on OpEx, right.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: I mean what should have been clear from the way I answered is we are very excited about Ensemble. We are very excited about storage. Storage has got a massive potential for us. It takes us from $2,000 a home to $10,000 a home. The attach rate of storage is only going to increase. And the California blackouts, is going to accelerate the adoption of storage. So – and we are going to be coming out with the product in Q1 of ‘20. So we are very excited there, and we are very excited about our growth. We’re going to follow up storage immediately with the IQ8PV. The IQ8PV is going to be – you’re going to have IQ 8 on the roof, which will produce power when the grid is down, when the sun is still shining. So that’s a massively differentiated product. So yes, storage is the next leg. The IQ8PV is another leg. So we really have a lot of legs for growth.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Pavel, we won’t comment about any specific competitor like that. And we just want to be very clear about how we think about a very broad differentiation when it comes to our technology core Ensemble. That’s what we are focused on. For us, it is the entire solution. You have to be a one-stop shop, one warranty. You have to have the most resilient solution that’s out in the marketplace you have to have a scalable solution and a very simple solution, plug-and-play solution as well. So we really think about it not as a single little widget or a single little device but the entire solution. So I think it’s just not – we’re just going in a different direction, bottom line. That’s the way to think about it.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So actually, in general, when power goes up, it’s beneficial for us because we get to leverage the same platform and develop products using the same – leverage the exact same problem to develop higher power products. And the higher the power, it’s a more differentiated product as well as you get a family of products that we can optimize pricing better. So in general, higher power is good. And of course, bifacial is one way to get the higher power. Now as far as the tariffs on bifacial are concerned, it’s been in. It’s been out. There’s been noise around that. We pay attention to it on a peripheral basis. But we are pretty excited about the IQ 7A product, which really targets those higher power modules, and more importantly, it leverages the base IQ 7 platform, which is completely software-defined.  
A - Badri Kothandaraman: Right. First of all, let me actually correct it. This is not an Ensemble attach rate. We were referring to what the customers’ competitors basically referred to in their earnings call. So this is public information. So companies have said that they are seeing an attach rate of 25% to their existing installed base, and that is in 2019. So it’s got nothing to do with the new home mandate, et cetera. And that is going to influence it, but I do not know the answer there. However, the attach rate right now is what they have seen.  
