Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, so Colin, today we ship a microinverter system that is roughly on the average $100. This includes a microinverter, the Envoy, the Combiner Box, the Cable, and usually there are 20 microinverters per home. So that makes it -- a microinverter system is about $2,000 per home. When we go to the home energy management system powered by Ensemble, we are now talking about additional storage, and then we are talking about an automatic transfer switch in addition to our usual Combiner Box, and we are talking about software. So if you think about it, let's say, for anything from eight to 10 kilowatt hour system, you are right, that the storage will be the $8,000, the storage plus ATS. And even then, we are only scratching the surface because the software component, like for example, the grid agnostic service capability will be available as software, which we are still thinking about it, but we are thinking of having a yearly software fee there, which can be rolled out through our IoT system via the cloud. So you're right, it's at least $10,000, and we expect to get more.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, just stepping back and looking at it, the supply shortage is on the high-voltage transistors. These are the 600-volt transistors. They are complicated devices to make. The people who usually make this, I'm talking about the general suppliers who make it are a handful. They are basically STMicroelectronics, Infineon, Alpha & Omega Semiconductor, On Semi, Toshiba, these are the usual suspects. We have done our homework. We have three of these five suppliers on our AVL today. Despite that, those guys are facing unprecedented demand due to EV charging. So their demand exceeds the supply that they have. We recognized this problem about six to eight months ago. I invested money, creating a dedicated line for us to create capacity, and that line is coming on board in January of 2019. So I expect majority of my supply problems to be gone in Q1 of '19.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, to basically give you a color, we walked away from $10 million of demand in Q3, and at this point in time, we are fully booked for Q4 to the guidance that I gave you. And it is only early November right now. So obviously the demand is outstripping supply from our end. In terms of the investment with the supplier, I'm not going to provide too much of details, but all I can say is that we are switching to that supplier as our preferred supplier, and they basically have given us assured capacity. They are a very reputed, very reliable supplier, and we expect to -- you know, between that source and our existing other two sources, we expect to have more than the available demand that we need. So I expect the problem to be gone in Q1 of '19.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, look, the power MOFSETs 600 volts is by far the biggest shortage. Yes, there are problems on MLCCs, everybody knows that, but we have been able to resolve that through spot buys. It's not pretty. It affects our gross margins by a couple of percent, as Eric said, but we are getting by there with the shortage of MLCCs, but the high-voltage transistor FET is an esoteric device. It's made only by the five suppliers I said, and therefore that's a little bit more complex, and like what I said, we believe we have put in the right actions six to eight months ago, and the capacity is coming onboard now. It is at the right time, and I think this should be behind us soon.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we're not -- we don't give guidance normally for more than a quarter out, but in general, I'll give you some color on 2019, our four vectors for profitable growth they are turning on, you know, IQ7 is catching on, our balance sheet is very robust now, and that is enabling customers to come back to us, especially, you know, and you already know about the SunPower transaction, so that is going to add about $60 million to $70 million annualized in the second-half of '19. Then we have other relationships on the AC modules. On top of it, we are introducing high-power and high-performance products that are high gross margin as well. The biggest icing on the cake is Ensemble. Ensemble Solar and Storage is -- yes, of course new product development is always very complicated. You can hardly predict the exact timelines you're going to get, but if we are on track there, which we are right now, our revenue per home is going to increase by manifold, and that can be transformational for Enphase.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, like what I said, I'm not going to provide guidance for Q1 of '19, but like what I said, our balance sheet is robust, we really feel good, customers are coming back, demand is strong. I am fully booked already for Q, and this is only the beginning of November, I still have two more months if customers order, they are going to go to Q1 by default. So we feel good about Q1.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are not going to be talking about competition, but I'll talk about our strategy. Our quality business process is something which I learned from my previous company, over the last 21 years, and that is based upon what is called as the Root Cause Corrective Action Methodology. And that is, you review your quality failures every week, you look at the root cause, you ask yourself five whys, you put in containment actions in place, you put in interim corrective actions, you then look at permanent corrective actions, and then you change the culture of the company so that everybody reacts to quality in the same way and it is number one priority. That's what we are trying to do here at Enphase. So my target personally is to get to 500 PPM. 500 PPM is 0.05%, if I'm doing the math. So that is my target, to get to 500 PPM, and we are working day and night to achieve that target. We have a great leader in place in quality, and like what I told you, we engage in root cause corrective action to fix the problems.
Badri Kothandaraman: That's a good question. I deliberately did this because our supply situation is a little bit like what I told you, we are short of supply. We are getting good news every day. Sometimes we get some bad news everyday. So we thought we should guide to the right range for you, and I felt that range was $80 million to $90 million.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean you're right. That's exactly how we are thinking about it too, you know, the gross margin around that range, 32.5 is the midpoint of guidance, and the OpEx in the midpoint of guidance gets us to 30-20-10, and the way I want you guys to think about 30-20-10 is that's our target operating model, and sometimes we maybe -- sometimes we'll overshoot gross margin, sometimes we'll undershoot gross margin. Then you should really go by the guidance there, but that's our model. That's what we are sticking to. In terms of our OpEx, for example, we are restructuring the company to achieve 20% OpEx, what does that mean, right. As customers come back to us, we have a strong balance sheet; customers are coming back to us. We are starting to grow top line. We're starting to invest in Ensemble. We don't want to -- I mean, we want still be very careful on OpEx, which is why we have made the decision to have the right people at the right places, and therefore, we are shifting majority of execution teams to India and New Zealand to control costs, while we will add selected strategic talent in the U.S., India and New Zealand will be a massive base for us in terms of controlling the OpEx. So that's why we are confident that 20% OpEx model is the right long-term model for us. So that explains to you 30-20-10.
Badri Kothandaraman: So, Phil, with regarding the tariffs, you know that we had the 10% tariff, 301 tariffs effective September 24, and basically, what we communicated to our customers is we will absorb a portion of that while we will pass on a portion of that. So, roughly that is actually equal, so average about 3% to 4% price increases to customers in Q4. Q1, we don't yet have visibility whether the tariff is going to be a 25% tariff or not. So, in the event, it is 25%, our strategy will be very similar. We will share the cost increases with our customers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, in Q4 we are starting to ramp. We expect volume shipments in Q4. Q1 will be a really nice ramp. I expect to get most of it in Q1, and we should complete the ramp by Q2.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Okay, thank you, Phil. So we don't guide to our gross margins in Q1, but I will give you some color. In general, we're making a lot of progress on gross margin. We are working on costs day and night. We are working on the architectural innovation. We are working on accessories, dropping out overhead. In addition, as we transition to higher-power higher-performance products, our gross margin is naturally better. So we actually feel good about gross margins in Q1. And like what I said, this is the solar industry, we have 201, we have 301, I'm not sure what comes next. So obviously we are cautious, but we really feel good about gross margins.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right, while we cannot give too many details, the opportunities are outside the U.S., that is one. And the partner is currently doing field trials with our off-grid version product, and we have completed all the safety certifications. So we do expect a ramp in the first-half of 2019, yes, as I said. And with regarding other opportunities, yes, we are bullish about other opportunities, especially in regions like where I am from. In my hometown, in my city, there is no power for eight hours a day in summer. I mean, those are the places where it can actually really help. Off-grid solar and storage will be a game-changer for India as well. And granted, we need to work with the partner there too, I mean the opportunities are big there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, the $10 million was evenly spread between both long tail [ph] as well as the Tier 1 customers. They're going nowhere, they are going to stick with us, and we are going to service them in Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, first, I will answer the question on Flex. Basically we expect the Flex capacity to come on board in Q2 of '19. In Q2, we expect to service 50% of the North American demand from Mexico. In Q3, we expect that 50% to go to 90%. We've already put the additional capacity in terms of -- capital we've already invested the capital for that. With regarding your question on pricing, we're going to look at the pricing environment at the point in time and we will make a decision that is right for our customers.
Badri Kothandaraman: I would say, it's work in progress, and the reason I say work in progress is we have started the discussions what the Tier 1 love is the Ensemble product. The Ensemble Solar and Storage is a game-changer for anybody. It provides the clear value proposition, AC marketplace, a complete solar and storage solution, grid agnostic solution, and that is difficult to get from anybody else in such an elegant form. So the discussions with Tier 1s are progressing very well, and we'll announce more when we are ready.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, in general, we are adding more sales and marketing heavy hitters across the board, and that is true in general, because as we grow our top line, as we introduce complicated products like Ensemble, it is more of a solution sell. It's more of a technical sell. So we are adding heavy hitters there. I expect we will continue to add incremental talent in the sales and marketing side, but you still need to think about a long-term OpEx model at 20%.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we have talked [ph] expecting something, but on the other end, the way we have sidestepping this problem is by engaging -- I mean the partners are actually building factories in the U.S. So we are sidestepping this problem, and I think it's not a big deal for us in the long-term.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, it's pretty simple. We have shipped over 25 megawatt hours till date on the ACB 1.0. The main target markets have been Europe as well as Australia. So let me let me tell you the good, it's an Enphase system, so you can expect the high quality and easy installation. It is also very highly modeler. It can be scaled very easily. If you want to build a 3 kilowatt hour system, you have to buy three of those, string it together, you're done. On the other hand, the negatives are two. One is we're being told that although we do value-based pricing, our prices are high. That's one. Number two is it doesn't support backup. And I'll add a third one; the capacity of that system is quite low. So we're solving all of these problems, and we are basically building 10 kilowatt hour system and 13.2 kilowatt hour system, while still keeping the modularity of 3.3 kilowatt hour building blocks. That's what we're doing right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Hi, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. I look forward to speaking with you again on our call next quarter.
Philip Shen: Okay, great. And then, as it relates to the SunPower volume, you made it very clear what the revenue contribution can be in the back-half of next year, but to what degree -- how much ACM volume could you see in Q4 of this year, and also in Q1? My sense is your volumes might be ramping up decently, is it possible to share what kind of mix ACM for SunPower might be in Q4 and/or Q1? Thanks.
Philip Shen: Okay, great. And then, as it relates to -- and I know you can't provide guidance, but in the event that we have a 25% tariff on the 301, and in the event that you raised pricing in a way that you talked about, suffice to say, do you expect margins to be roughly in line with what you are experiencing now? Is there some degree of maybe even upside with the price increases, but if you can talk about the Q1 margin might look like or even the cadence as we go by quarter throughout '19, that would be really helpful. Thanks, Badri.
Philip Shen: Okay, good. That's great color. And then finally, in terms of that partner for IQ8, can you give us a little bit more information on that. I know you introduced it last quarter. When do you expect commercial business to come from this partner? Can you share more about this partner, in what country this partner might be based in, and then beyond them, are there opportunities similar to them that could be in the near-term, call it, the next six months to one year that could be supportive as well? Thanks.
