Bert Garcia: Thanks, Paul. I'll provide some more details related to our third quarter 2016 financial results as well as our business outlook for the fourth quarter. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2016 was $88.7 million, in line with the outlook we provided last quarter and an increase of 12% sequentially. We shipped approximately 204 megawatts AC or 234 megawatts DC during the third quarter of 2016, an increase of 10% compared to the second quarter.  The megawatts shipped represented 869,000 [ph] micro-inverters, all of which where our fourth and fifth generation micro inverter systems. GAAP gross margin for the third quarter of 2016 was 17.9%, non-GAAP gross margin was 18.2%, flat as compared to the second quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes approximately $300,000 of stock-based compensation expense.  GAAP operating expense during the third quarter of 2016 was $33.6 million, which includes approximately $2.7 million of restructuring charges. The restructuring charges are comprised of approximately $1.4 million of non-cash expense for asset impairments and approximately $1.3 million of cash-based severance and related benefits. Non-GAAP operating expense was $28.6 million [ph], which excludes the $2.7 million restructuring charges as well as $2.2 million of stock-based compensation expense.  In order to strengthen our financial position, at the end of the third quarter we made the difficult decision to reduce our global workforce by approximately 11% and eliminate certain non-core projects. This restructuring initiative will be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016 and we expect to achieve the full benefit of these actions approximately $20 million of annualized operating expense savings beginning in the first quarter of 2017. It's important to note that the restructuring did not affect our efforts on product cost reduction, product quality, the AC battery or the AC module. During the third quarter of 2016, R&D expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $12.2 million, sales and marketing expenses were $10.4 million dollars and G&A expenses were $6 million. These expense levels do not reflect the impact of reduced headcount as our restructuring actions were taken at the end of the third quarter. On a GAAP basis, third quarter operating loss was $17.7 million dollars and net loss was $18.8 million dollars resulting in a loss of $0.40 per share. On a non-GAAP basis the operating loss was $12.4 million dollars and net loss was $13.4 million dollars resulting in a loss of $0.28 per share. Turning to the balance sheet. We held inventory levels flat in the second quarter ending with $39.1 million of inventory as of September 30. I’ll note that inventory on hand at the end of the third quarter included inventory for our AC battery solution. Excluding this, inventory levels would have decreased sequentially. We ended the third quarter with a total cash balance of $24.1 million. At the end of the third quarter we had $12.5 million drawn on our credit facility, which is unchanged from the end of the second quarter. As discussed on our last call, on July 8 we entered into a $25 million term loan agreement that was fully drawn upon closing. In addition, on September 28 we closed on a secondary offering of our common stock generating net proceeds of approximately $14 million. After quarter end and early October, we received an additional $2.2 million dollars in proceeds from the underwriters full exercise of the overall allotment related to the offering. Combined total net proceeds from the offering were approximately $16.2 million. We believe that the proceeds from our capital raised and term loan coupled with our restructuring initiative and product cost reduction plans will strengthen our financial position and enable us to continue to grow our business and chart a path to sustained profitability. Now let's discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2016. We are reaffirming the guidance we provided on September 22 in connection with the offering. We expect our revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 to be within a range of $90 million to $100 million and GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins to be within the range of 16% to 20%. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes $300,000 of stock based compensation expense. We expect our GAAP operating expense for fourth quarter to be within a range of $22.5 million to $27.5 million and non-GAAP operating expense be within the range of $20 million to $25 million excluding an estimated 2.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. Now, I’ll open the line for questions.
Bert Garcia: So we're obviously not providing cash flow guidance for Q4, but what I can say is *** Part7 *** Part8 Cash flow guidance for Q4 but what I can say is you won't see the kind of burden in Q4 that we saw in Q3 obviously. We do expect to burn a little bit of cash in the fourth quarter and then of course in the 2017 as we launch IQ 7 with the full benefit of the restructuring behind us that we expect to be cash flow positive in the back half of 2017.
Bert Garcia: So as you probably know the back half of our years seasonally stronger than first half of the year and so the strain on working capital is kind of seen on the balance sheet with the buildup of AR. So it's really just tracking with the volume of business between Q2 and Q3, it’s about $10 million increase. As far as any one time charges, there aren't any one time items in the AR balance itself. We did have a little bit of bad debt expense that is netted out of - against that balance but nothing material.
Bert Garcia: No, it was -- that was what we had said in the previous calls, our pricing was relatively stable and for ’17 and we still feel very comfortable with that assertion. And then of course we have built in a price reduction through ’17 as well. So again fully anticipating that prices will come down and have built both the operating plan and our cost reduction plan around that.
Paul Nahi: So we continue to see very strong demand from Australia and New Zealand primarily from Australia. As you know that we started shipping last quarter but it was late in the quarter and we were severely supply constrained. As we look to Q4, demand looked very strong, we are - as we had talked about we are going to be entering both the US and Europe this quarter, so we don't have any data on that yet. But I'd say our expectations are well met in Australia and it looks like we should be a leading if not the leading supplier of residential storage solutions in 2017.
Paul Nahi: So with the advent of our IQ product line which is coming out in Q1. It's very likely that we’ll migrate from Gen 4 and Gen 5 very rapidly into Gen 6 which is the IQ line and that will happen over 2016, sorry 2017.
Paul Nahi: So the only thing I can give you there Colin is sort of anecdotal data, since we do not have -- we're not shipping a product yet. What I can say is that there is tremendous demand from installers frankly across the world, but we're very focused initially on the launch in the US. The recognition of the amount of time and labor it can save, basically it eliminates the entire effort and cost associated with the installation of an inverter. Takes it really effectively to zero. It's driving a tremendous amount of interest, but we’ll be shipping it in the first half and I'll be able to give you a better view on demand probably in the late Q1 timeframe. 
Paul Nahi: So we've seen a continual decrease in pricing from the beginning of the year. We have been responding and in fact we have taken -- we took some fairly dramatic moves early on really basically starting at the end of ‘15 through much of ’16. As a result, we felt like we caught up, if you will, to market prices and as a result, we've seen our market share grow considerably from Q1 of this year through Q3. While we fully expect there to be additional cost reductions, sorry, price reductions going forward, we've fully baked that into our plans and we believe that as a result of our cost reduction efforts, we should be able to see margin expansion through 2017 as a result of that. So I’d say that what we're seeing is not unexpected and we've been well poised and well prepared to support that.
Paul Nahi: No, we don't expect. We don't see anything on the horizon that would cause us to do something that was vastly different than what we've been doing over the past number of quarters. 
Paul Nahi: So what we've seen in SDG&E is a good example of it. It's basically the canary in the coal mine. They did the transition from NEM 1.0 to 2.0 and we certainly did see a slowdown for about 3 or 4 months. It was a period of time it took for installers to understand exactly what the new economics were to be able to vent and convey that to the consumer, but once they got into that rhythm, once they understood what the new numbers were and were able to create the appropriate sales material to support that, sales resumed. I think the difference in economics between NEM 1.0 and NEM 2.0 is not that dramatic. And it still would engender I think a significant growth in solar sales in the state, especially when it's accompanied with the dramatic cost reductions of the hardware component. So I think it's going to create perhaps a bumpy year where as the transitions are occurring, the installers have to adjust to that to the new numbers, but I don't think it represents a fundamental shift in demand.
Paul Nahi: So we have seen the multiple Chinese vendors enter the market and this is not necessarily recent, we've seen them for years now and they have provided a lower price point but we haven't seen any significant migration to those inverters in the rooftop space. We have and I think what you're alluding to is we certainly have heard that there are other Chinese entrants that will come in with an optimizer solution in the Q1, Q2 timeframe of ‘17. It's certainly too early for that to be affecting our current pricing. So we're not seeing that affect, but once again I would reiterate what I had said before which is that we fully expect pricing to come down in ’17. How much of that is going be driven by Chinese inverters, how much of it is that is going to be driven by normal competition it's a little too early to say, but we expect that to happen and we've built our operating plan and have focused resources on cost reduction very specifically to be able to address that and to be able to grow share while we are reducing pricing and getting to sustainable profitability and positive cash flow.
Paul Nahi: So in looking at market demand, especially out of ’17, I think it's very important to look at the specific segments. So in the segments that we really have focused on and I think that we resonate very, very, very dramatically with, which is the tier twos, tier threes and the long tail. I believe that there's a tremendous amount of optimism in that market for ‘17 and it gives us confidence that we are going to see growth in those areas and it's in part because lower hardware costs of providing better economics for the consumer. There is more and more financial products specifically loan product available to them that they're able to take advantage of. That combination I think has been a very positive influence on that market and I think it's going to result in growth in ‘17 and that again because we are very dominant in that space and because we address those customer needs very specifically, I think that should bode well for Enphase and our growth in ‘17.
Paul Nahi: So I don't believe that there was any sales decline. I think we’ve seen growth or flat market in all segments. We clearly saw growth in Australia as I had mentioned. Latin America saw a significant growth. Latin America being everything from Mexico, Puerto Rico, Central America. And even in Europe, we saw some growth. So in terms of megawatts, I think we saw growth across all segments.
Paul Nahi: So remember that we've been reducing costs since 2015, since the end of 2015. Well, certainly, we've been reducing costs well before that. We've been reducing our costs year-on-year, every year since we've been around, but we started a very dramatic focus on cost reduction at the end of ’15 and what we said was, between the end of ’15 or early ’16 and the end of ’17, we would see a 50% reduction in cost. So we've been well on that path during 2016, which is why we've been able to reduce our prices so precipitously and yet keep gross margins flat. As we have discussed in the past, for other transitions, every time we see the introduction of a new product, we will see a step function down in costs and then over the lifetime of that product, we continue to reduce costs. So the target of getting to 50% by the end of ’17, which meant about 25% at the end of ’16 and another 25% in ’17 is well on track.
Paul Nahi: So what we're seeing in Australia, I would say, that there was a period of time when we saw an increase in competition. I’d say that right now some of that competition is winnowing out and that we're seeing more and more focus on fewer solutions. Clearly, our solution has resonated very strongly with both installers and consumers in Australia, in large part because it's a complete integrated device. It is one of the safest storage devices you can buy. It is the only device that we know of that you can install with one person in one hour, an entire energy system. And because of that we believe that the total installed cost of our product offering is going to be very competitive with anything else that -- anything else that's out there.  I think what we've seen is our competitors have certainly learned from our success and are trying to develop something that is also integrated and something that is also relatively simple, but we have to keep in mind that this is not a one-size-fits-all market that the modularity of the Enphase system is unique and is enabled only because of our micro-inverter. Every house, every resident is going to have a different demand for storage, a difference amount of storage. It’s going to be dependent on solar consumption and a whole host of other things. The modularity coupled with the safety and of course our entire energy management system, I think, set us apart.
Paul Nahi: So what we have said is that we do believe we're going to see gross margin expansion and from where we are today that would certainly imply that we could be in the low to mid 20s by the end of the year. However, we're going to be very well aware of what the market does and be able to respond to it and regardless we expect to be sustainable cash flow and sustainable profitability levels by the second half.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So the primary driver and when I say primary 99% of the reason that people are putting in storage in Australia right now is effectively rate arbitrage, they want to minimize their utility bill and there is an existing feed in tariff which will expire in certain parts of Australia, it will go from what is today approximately $0.50 to around $0.06. Yet the cost of energy in many cases is north of $0.30. So, while the feed in tariff was $0.50, it made a lot of sense to continue to produce as much energy as possible and get paid for that. Once it to drop to $0.06 then instead of selling it for $0.06 and then buying it back for the mid-30sm it makes a lot more sense just to keep it and use it. That is the fundamental driver for storage in Australia. Now that requires a storage device that can cycle multiple times a day, it means that at any given time of the day you're either powering up or powering down your battery and because of that and because of the cost of storage, backup we feel doesn't make a lot of sense for our battery. There are very, very inexpensive well understood generators that can provide very inexpensive backup for as long as you have like that can power an entire home. Chemistry as a backup is still very, very expensive and it is fundamentally at odds with the used case that most people are buying it for, if you're buying it for rate optimization you're not really you don't actually have a full battery for very long. You basically fill it up and then drain it, fill it up and drain it multiple times a day which means that it's not necessarily going to be there for backup when you need it. So I understand it’s a clever marketing message to give but unfortunately is not a practical message for the consumer.
Paul Nahi: Sure. By the way I will just answer the last part of your question as well. What we're seeing in Austria is on average two to four AC batteries for home and each AC battery is 1.2 kilowatt hours.
Paul Nahi: So in general, no, there is talk in some areas like South Australia of something potentially helping to simulate the storage market but for the most part there is nothing out there that is targeting storage.
Paul Nahi: So right now what we're hearing from areas like Nevada is more demand has been pushed back when as a result of some of the actions that were taken in Nevada, clearly, it does create a potential market for storage. Whether or not the utilities or the regulatory bodies push back, it’s still a little too early to make that determination, but you're very correct in noting that in areas like that, they are either intentionally or unintentionally definitely creating a market for storage.
Jeff Osborne: Yeah. Good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered, but I just had two, one in follow-up to Philip’s question about the pricing. What is the kind of, I guess, pricing expectations baked into the guidance when you came up with that on September 22, I assume it’s not to the magnitude that Philip was referencing.
Jeff Osborne: And I know you’re not giving formal guidance for ‘17 but just with the product cycle and assuming that by the back half of the year the product cycle kicks in is material is there a path in your eyes to kind of low 20s gross margin or do you see yourself kind of stuck here in the teens, I guess it’s sort of a million dollar question.
Jeff Osborne: And the last question I had was just to, Paul, if you could flesh out a little bit more on Australia on the storage market. Do you have a sense of A, how many units per household people are putting in and then B, there's various different economic drivers of people putting in storage, Tesla seems to be more focused on the back of market with the size of their system but can you just talk about what people are actually using the storage for and how they're looking at the economics pros and cons of moving that way.
