Paul Nahi: So, obviously we are not guiding to forward-looking margins beyond this quarter, but what I can say is that we expect to see similar improvement in gross margin with the gen four as we have in previous generations. What I would remind you of is that that doesn’t necessarily happen right away. We will introduce a next generation product, and then over the lifetime of that product, we will continue to reduce cost. So, it's throughout the lifetime of that product that you will see the increase in gross margin.
Paul Nahi: So, the inventory rationalizations that we are seeing in this quarter are unique and we believe will be contained to this quarter. At the same time, we will be introducing our fourth generation product and that transition will take a couple of quarters. So, we definitely think that the rationalization that we are talking about now is limited to Q3 and we expect to continue growth both in 2013 as well as 2014.
Paul Nahi: The bulk of it will happen upfront for obvious reasons. As we introduce a new product, people are going to want to make way for it, but at the same time, we have to remember that the M215 will continue to be sold for many quarters from now and the transition as we move to a higher and higher concentration of the M250s will result in a lower concentration of the M215s, so the effect of dwindling M215s over time will be less pronounced. I think what you are going to see is a bulk of the effect coming upfront and maybe not all of it in Q3, but a good chunk of it and then it dwindling off rapidly after that.
Paul Nahi: So, it’s hard to quantify exactly, what I’d say is that we are, the rationalization is probably in the neighborhood of a couple of weeks of inventory and that would probably account for it.
Paul Nahi: We feel that we’ve made multiple investments early on, this is going back to 2011 and 2012 even early in 2013, we feel punctual with where we are today, I don’t see necessarily a significant reduction in those expenses, we are still investing in R&D, we do have our fifth generation product that’s well underway in development, in fact it’s up and running in the lab, we are continuing to invest in products and technologies and services to keep us well ahead of the competition. But, even if there is a modest increase it will be commensurate with sales. So, I don’t want to expect to see any spike up or down.
Paul Nahi: Sure. The reception has been extremely strong, in fact today, demand out-served supply. We are sold out of everything we can make. As we introduce a new product, we like to ramp manufacturing in a very steady manner to maintain the quality and the processes that we feel are necessary for the reliability of the unit, and as a result we are limited in supply initially, but basically everything we can make right now, we are selling and the response has been tremendous.Phillip Shen – Roth Capital Partners : Great, thanks again Paul.
Paul Nahi: Thank you, and thanks for joining us for today’s call and your interest in Enphase. Our second quarter was one of significant achievement as demonstrated by our results. We are very pleased with our ability to execute well on our strategy, progress on many of our key initiatives, and solidify our position as the industry leader in our market segment. Of course, none of this could have been accomplished without the collective efforts of the entire Enphase team, who is doing a fantastic job. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
