Paul Nahi: Sure. So, clearly we only guide to the current quarter. So, I can't give you any definitive numbers beyond that. But what I can say is that if you look both historically and what we are doing in the current quarter, you will see tremendous momentum both in our core markets in the U.S. as well as what we are seeing as really fantastic growth outside of the U.S. as well. We expect the momentum both domestically and internationally to continue, and as we continue to build out our operations overseas and continue to invest in new go-to-market channels in the United States, I think we are very comfortable with the current growth path.
Paul Nahi: That's really up to the installers and the module manufacturers. What we have seen is that economics of the lower power modules are better and are quite good right now. I think as the higher power modules will scale up in production, we should see efficiencies there, we should see cost come down there, and I think you will see a more rapid migration. But importantly for Enphase, we are a little bit ambivalent while we would love to see the continued adoption of higher modules, higher power modules. We have a very broad product offering that allows the installer to exactly tailor the installation to the module and the inverter and make sure that it is as efficient as possible for their consumer.
Paul Nahi: Distinctly possible. Again, since we don't really control the higher, the volume with the higher up of modules or the prices higher up with modules, all we can really do is provide the commensurate inverter for them, which we do. But it looks like certainly throughout the 2014, you are going to see the M-215 do quite well and possibly into 2015.
Paul Nahi: As of now that the percentage mix is not changing. We feel very good about both the entrance obviously and what we are doing in the residential market as well as our penetration into the commercial market. Now, we do have multiple products under development that very specifically address both the commercial and the utility scale market. But product right now that's being used in the commercial market is much more similar to the residential product than it is to a purpose built commercial or purpose built utilities scaled product. So for right now, we are extremely pleased with the adoption and penetration into the commercial market both domestically as well as internationally.
Paul Nahi: Actually our main competition right now continues to be the standard string in central inverters. We are not seeing any significant or any meaningful contribution to the competitive landscape from either the DC optimizers or our competition microinverters. At this point, it become very clear, I think to all inverter companies that if they want to stay relevant in the rooftop, the global rooftop market, they are going to have to produce a microinverter, and several of them have. But once again, they are not really providing yet any meaningful competition. We expect that to change and we expect them to be very strong competitors over time, but not necessarily with their first generation product.
Paul Nahi: Yes. So let me post it. There has been change in the accounting. We have an ongoing process in which we review our accounting policies and practices. And especially going into a new year, we pay some more attention to it. And for us it's clear that when you have an obligation that is settled over a period of up to 25 year that the fair value accounting is a much better presentation of a long-term obligation. And as a result of that, we are making that change right now starting with the new fiscal year 2014. In reference to the warranty disclosures last quarter, really what we do as a hardware company is very, very standard. We will every quarter review the data from the field. Remember, we have over 5 million units all over the world in all kinds of environmental conditions. We will review the data from that. And we will make the appropriate modification sometimes up, sometimes down to the warranty obligation based on real field data. So the process we use is very standard. And as you will notice that some products may have gone up, some products will go down. That process will continue.
Paul Nahi: I think that there has been consistently pressures on ASPs for inverters. I don't think that's anything new. We won't necessarily opine on this specific case. What we do know is that the industry right now is extremely robust that because of their lower prices of solar in general, because of the rising prices of fossil fuel energy we are seeing a better and better environment for solar within the U.S. and across the world. Clearly, doing something that raises the price of the modules isn't helping. But at the same time we need to find a balance between fair trade and doing something that encourages the development of the solar market. Having said all of that, in reviewing the trade case, it's our view that on anticipation that whatever changes that may come out as a result of it most likely won't necessarily materially affect the demand in the U.S.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So, for your question on when we plan to hit our models, our goal -- and we've said this many, many times and we will continue to say is we're on a path of profitable growth which means that we need to chart a way to optimize both growth and profitability. If we wanted to focus on, as an example, gross margin, we can get there relatively quickly. We wanted to focus really on growth. We could do that as well. Neither one of those independently other, we feel is the best long-term solution for Enphase. What we are doing right now is focusing on the middle ground, if you will, that nuanced path that allows us to continue to grow, but doing it in a responsible way that allows us to become more and more profitable or chart a path towards profitability with every quarter. : In terms of demand from the U.S., we are definitely seeing the demand come from multiple states. These are the states I think that everybody is familiar with. But we are also seeing an expansion. Our new states coming online, there are new programs coming online, not just with different states, but within a state. So I think that if you look at across the U.S., you are finding that the demand for solar is coming from a wider and wider geography. It is still very concentrated in California, but I think at over time you are going to see that concentration dissipate even as California continues to grow. In reference to the leasing companies and pricing that's associated with that, we are today -- we work with almost every large and small PPA in the country. In some cases, we are the exclusive microinverter, in some cases maybe not. So we have outstanding relationships and very, very deep ties to many of them. You had mentioned pricings being an instrumental part of those relationships, we couldn't agree more, but we feel that we have a very good handle on where their demand is and are very comfortable with our ability to meet the upcoming pricing requirements, the upcoming ASP requirements in 2014 from the leasing companies.
Paul Nahi: So we don't talk about this specific percentage within the leasing market. What we do say, however, is that almost every third-party leasing company uses Enphase. And as I mentioned just a moment ago in some cases exclusively. And our share of the leasing market has continued to grow. And yes, we do expect it to grow at 2014 as well.
Paul Nahi: I would say, in general, no. We continue to support both the large and small customers that we currently have. But there hasn't been any material change. Now, what is true is that some of the larger companies are growing quite fast. So, that by default would sort of change the mix a little bit. But if you look at it in terms of the number of installers that we're supporting, I think you would see the percentage to be fairly consistent.
Paul Nahi: Ashok, we can't comment on the timing for the entry into the U.S. That question would need to be addressed after May. What I will say is that it has been out there for some time. And as I've mentioned before, we're just not seeing it as a strong competitor. Our competition both internationally and domestically remains the string and central inverters. And as we've talked about, as you mentioned SMA and there are other companies out there that have micros. There is a recognition; a clear recognition from these companies that they are going to need to do one. And long-term, we absolutely expect these companies to produce very competitive products, but today we are not seeing any meaningful competition come from other microinverters.
Paul Nahi: Thank you for joining us on our call today. We're excited with our progress, highlighted by our record fourth quarter revenue and gross margins as well as our first ever operating profit. The focused execution of our business strategy has propelled us to the number one position in the U.S. residential solar inverter market, for a wider platform for global growth, demonstrated our ability to expand our margins and enabled us to chart a path to sustainable profitability and positive cash flow. We are taking this momentum with the 2014, and look to build on what was a great 2013. In closing, I want to once again acknowledge the efforts of everyone at Enphase. To achieve these outstanding results requires a team effort, and we truly have a great team here at Enphase. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Kris Sennesael: In the fourth quarter, roughly 20% of our shipments were fourth generation. And looking forward to Q1, we expect approximately the same, maybe slightly up -- when you look at the fourth generation, especially the M-250, shipments there are driven by the availability of the higher power modules, and unfortunately in our core markets, the U.S. residential market, there is not a lot of demand for the higher power modules right now. We expect that to continuously increase over time, but for now, there is not a lot of economics that support the use of those higher power modules. And as a result of that, most of our customers continue to use the 250-260 watt DC modules and pair them with our M-215.
Kris Sennesael: All right. And I would like to add there. We will of course continue to drive down the unit cost, the product cost of the M-215 down. We announced now the availability of the M-215 with the Integrated Grounds feature, and so we definitely will continue to push hard and drive down the cost of that product as well.
Kris Sennesael: So, I am definitely very pleased with the operating expense management that we did during 2013, keeping them flat for almost four quarters in a row with some slight increase towards the end in Q4. But to be honest, that was not really sustainable. If we want to grow the top line, let's say, up about 20% in revenue which is of course more like 30%, 35%, 40% in megawatts, we will have to continue to invest in the future of the company. We will have to continue to invest in R&D resources and sales and marketing resources to support the international growth that we have. So I think a good way to think about that is if you assume a 20% top line growth, OpEx will grow about half the speed of that. So let's say, more like a 10% year-over-year basis. Obviously if revenue would grow faster, let's say at 25%, then you look more like at the 12.5% growth or if revenue grow slower then that would come down as well. But that's kind of like a good way to look at it in order to support the growth of the company.
Kris Sennesael: Well, let me first address on the receivable side. Q4 is somewhat like in preparation of a softer Q1. And so the business start getting a little softer already in the December month, and then January and February is typically softer and then we start seeing a rebound in the March timeframe. And so that seasonal trend definitely helps to reduce the overall DSOs. On the inventory side, it's a big focus item for us. We want to manage our inventory levels down and improve our inventory turns. We feel very comfortable with what we have achieved there. And going forward, it's definitely going to be a big focus item for us as well.
Kris Sennesael: The pricing for us is -- it's obviously a very important topic that we are looking at on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We are continuously evaluating the competitive landscape, and we are looking at our growth as well and finding the right balance between the right ASP and then obviously getting to an operating profit. We have said several times in the past that we don't believe that either ASP declines or cost reductions are going to be linear; they're going to be by definition a little bit lumpy. But are we seeing anything right now that would lead us to believe that there should be a very dramatic change in 2014? No. But we do believe that 2014 will be a very competitive environment and we do believe that there will be very significant pricing pressure. And we have obviously built that into all of our models.
Kris Sennesael: Sure. Higher power is one element of cost reduction, but there are several others; semiconductor integration, volume, manufacturing efficiencies. So there is a lot more there than just higher power, but higher power is important. But in terms of timing for the introduction of the next generation products, you had mentioned that we had said in the past, 18 to 24 months, that cadence seems accurate, and I don't know that I would make any adjustments to that right now. And those are obviously very approximate. What is important to know, however, is that the one element of a solar system that is far and away going to need to change the most to adapt to the evolving grid is the inverter. The inverter is where all the intelligence is housed. It is the brain to the system. And as we approach increasing density of solar on a particular grid, on a particular (feeder) network, the inverter is going to have to work far more closely with utility and more interactively with utility to support that. It's one of the reasons why we are spearheading the charge with the working group in California to evolve some of the dynamics required, some of the technical specifications required of the inverter to work in these kind of environments. So there is a lot of work going on within Enphase, a tremendous amount I should say. For the next generation inverter, that will support these evolving technologies, these evolving requirement, that are not just coming from California, but California, from Hawaii, and from the rest of the world. So we see our R&D actually ramping up to support this. But at the same time, these are going to necessarily be the same path where higher power modules or -- could that potentially slowdown? Yes, it could, but the need for the next generation inverter is higher than ever right now.
Kris Sennesael: Sure. So, the dynamics of the inverter business as it relates to utilities is really two dynamics for me to comment on. We do know that there are going to be some requirements to work within a grid that has higher density of solar. So those are very likely going to be table stakes. But on top of that is there an opportunity to work more closely with the utilities, to provide them information, to help them manage the grid, that is distinctly possible, but again those business models are evolving, the technologies are evolving. So I really can't be having more specific at this time. Now, in reference to your comment about Japan, we are working very, very closely with multiple Japanese companies looking at both the market as well as the technologies necessary to enter Japan. It's still a work-in-progress for Enphase. There are a lot of obvious challenges associated with the Japanese market. But we feel that the market itself is very well suited to Enphase and to our microinverter system solution. So we're bullish about our prospects there, although I can't provide any timing. And I will take this opportunity to say that we are very excited to have Richard Mora join the Board of Directors. As the COO of Landis+Gyr, with his experience both with utilities and with metering, we believe that his contributions are going to be very meaningful over the next several years.
Kris Sennesael: Thank you. Do we have the next question? Operator? Hello? We may be experiencing a technical difficulty, if we could ask for everybody's patience.
Kris Sennesael: And we have approximately two or three customers within the 10% to 20% customer range, and so, that hasn't changed over the last two three years.
Kris Sennesael: No. In 2013, we spent $6.3 million on capital expenditures. For 2014, we definitely target to keep the CapEx below $10 million.
Kris Sennesael: So I probably would not breakout SolarCity versus not. What I would say is that we would expect market growth in the U.S. to grow somewhere between 20% and 30%; U.S. residential market.
