Kris Sennesael: Thank you, Paul. First, I will start by providing some more detail on the financial results for the second quarter of 2014, and then I will turn to the business outlook. As a reminder, the financial measures that I am going to provide are on a non-GAAP basis, unless otherwise noted. During the second quarter, we saw explosive growth in the solar market, resulting in accelerated demand for Enphase microinverter systems. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2014 was $82 million, exceeding the high-end of our revenue outlook of $69 million to $73 million that we provided last quarter. Revenue for the second quarter of 2014 increased 41%, compared to the second quarter of 2013. On a sequential basis, revenue was up 42% from the first quarter of 2014. As Paul mentioned, the large year-over-year and sequential revenue growth was driven by strong overall demand for solar in our core U.S. residential markets as well as growing demand for Enphase microinverter systems and increased contributions from our international markets, including the UK and Australia. We shipped 132 megawatts AC or a 152 megawatt DC during the second quarter of 2014, which is an increase of 54% on a year-over-year basis. The 132 megawatt shipped represents approximately 598,000 microinverters, of which, over 85% was our fourth-generation microinverter systems. We have now completed the switch to the fourth-generation system in U.S. and started the transition process in Europe and Australia as well. The U.S. market accounted for 85% of our total revenue in the second quarter, while international revenue was approximately 15% of total revenue. We saw a nice growth in the international markets, especially in UK and Australia, but currently our business in the U.S. driven by the strong business momentum in the residential markets, is growing slightly faster than our international business. Gross margin for the second quarter of 2014 was a Company high of 33%, an increase of 490 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2013 and an increase of 30 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2014, as our product cost reductions continue to outpace price reductions. Operating expenses during the second quarter of 2014 were $27 million. R&D expenses were $10.4 million. Sales and marketing expenses were $9.8 million and G&A expenses were $6.8 million. The increase in operating expenses was mainly driven by the higher R&D project expenses and compensation related costs, including an increase and catch-up of incentive accruals as well as certain new hires in support of the acceleration of our top-line growth and consistent with our balanced profitable growth strategy. These non-GAAP operating expenses excluded $2.3 million in stock-based compensation expenses. Our non-GAAP operating income for the second quarter was $6,000, resulting in our second quarter of positive operating income and in line with our breakeven model that we introduced one and a half years ago. For the second quarter of 2014, the net loss was $400,000 or a net loss of $0.01 per share compared to a net loss of $4.8 million or $0.12 per share in the second quarter of 2013. On a GAAP basis, the net loss for the second quarter of 2014 was $3 million or a net loss of $0.07 per share. Looking at the income statement on a year-over-year basis, I am very pleased with our top-line growth and gross margin improvements as well as a significant improvement to our bottom line. Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations during the second quarter was almost breakeven while our net cash flow was negative $2.3 million. Day sales outstanding was 52 days and inventories on hand was 26 days. Capital expenditures during the second quarter of 2014 were $2.2 million and depreciation and amortization was $2 million. We repaid approximately $1.3 million of our existing term debt. We exited the second quarter with a total cash balance of $37.6 million and $6.5 million of term debt. As a reminder, our working capital facility remains undrawn. We remain confident that our cash position and credit facility, combined with our focus on working capital management and drive towards profitability, provide adequate liquidity to support the growth of our business. Now, let’s discuss our outlook for the third quarter of 2014. We believe the strong demand for our microinverter systems and favorable industry conditions provide the foundation for a strong third quarter. We expect revenue for the third quarter to be in the range of $93 million to $98 million. At the midpoint of the revenue outlook range, revenue would be up 54% compared to the third quarter of 2013. We expect gross margin to be within the range of 32% to 34% and we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately flat to up 4% compared to the second quarter of 2014, as we continue to invest in the Company’s growth. And now, I will open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: Well Phil, as you know, we only provide one-quarter at a time guidance. So I’m not really going to provide guidance here for the fourth quarter. Having said that just in general, if you look at the last couple of years and at the normal seasonal trends, we have seen anywhere -- fourth quarter is kind of a flattish quarter in terms of sequential growth compared to the third quarter, sometimes that has down 5% sequentially sometime it has been up 5% sequentially. And again I’m not providing any specific guidance for the fourth quarter, but that’s a normal seasonal trend.
Kris Sennesael: So first on the accrued liabilities, as you can see our operating expense came in at $27 million, that included some catch up on incentive accruals that end up in the accrual line. I think that was driving most of the increase there. In terms of receivables, obviously our top line was up 42% sequentially. That of course results in a higher receivable balance as well it’s slightly more than the 42% sequentially the receivables, some of the sales was in the second half of the quarter as the business continued to grow. We don’t see any collection issues with our one class customers that we have. So I think it’s part of growing so fast. We will have to continue to invest in working capital going forward.
Kris Sennesael: So the basic share count is more like 42 million shares. If you add in the dilutive impact of equity instruments which are out there, you are looking more to like 47 million shares.
Paul Nahi: Sure. Well, I think it’s important to remember is that first of all, Enphase is completely neutral as to the forms of financing. We encourage all forms of financing available and are encouraged by the different unique and creative products that are out there. One of the advantages of an Enphase system is that we provide more energy for the owner of the system, so whether it’s a residential owner or a leased owner, the return on investment is simply going to be better with Enphase. The other advantage of Enphase system as it relates to alternative forms of financing, let’s say, non-leased or PPA forms of financing, is that the O&M, the operations and maintenance, associated with Enphase is much lower than it would be with a traditional inverter. As a result, it’s well within reach of a lot more people. As an example, the most recent announcement we made or one of the most recent announcements we made with Mosaic, included EES or Enphase Energy Services, which is where we will actually provide the support, the O&M, support for the customer. But our view, our long-term view, and this is true not just domestically but internationally, is that we will see a variety of financing options and they will likely change post the ITC expiration and what’s important for us is to make sure that we support each and every kind to make sure that our customers have every options available to them.
Paul Nahi: So, it’s too early for us to talk about specific market share numbers in those countries. What I can say is that they are increasing. We feel very good about the progress we’re making in terms of market share, in terms of brand recognition, in terms of our reach towards installers and distributors. What’s becoming very clear is that the value proposition that is resonating so well in the United States resonates equally with customers in the APAC region or the EMEA region. So, we remain more confident than ever of our ability to succeed and perform in these countries.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So it’s important to remember that we are first and foremost a high technology company in the solar space. As are result, innovation creation, this is very much a part of our DNA. What we have in the R&D pipeline right now are products that are very much along the lines of the microinverter itself, as it’s applied to the commercial space as it’s applied to the utility space. We obviously have next generation microinverters for the residential space that add features and functions as well as reducing costs. So there is a tremendous amount of work going on in all of these areas, all of its very, very exciting. And then there is a lot more that I am not at liberty to talk about at this moment. But what we’d love to do is just invite everybody to the Solar Power International Trade Show that’s occurring at the end of October, where we will be announcing some new products and introducing some new services. But it’s a mix of products along the lines of cost reduction, performance in future enhancements and looking at new areas, new spaces that round out energy management.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So clearly pricing going up is not good for anybody in the industry. We all have a responsibility to continue to reduce prices, to make solar more affordable and more available to more and more parts of the world. However, what’s happening right now is certainly being recognized by Enphase and the entire solar industry. I think what’s important to note here is that industry in the United States is very robust, it has tremendous momentum and while it might be slightly affected by some of these numbers, I think overall we should not expect a very material difference to demand. Based on the latest data that we have, we think that the effect of these pricing changes could mean somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.10 a watt on the module side, which well meaningful is very likely not catastrophic. So we need to work hard to continue to reduce prices all of us, all the actors in the space. But I think again the industry and companies are mature enough and have enough momentum that they can withstand something like this.
Paul Nahi: I don’t have that level of granularity available off hand right now. What I can say is that in many of these cases, the fact that Enphase produces more energy allows for a better rate of return for the both the owners of the system whoever that maybe, either the lease provider or the actual consumer. And because of the reliability which we have embedded many times with some of the largest financing companies in the world, allows for a better financing option at better financing terms for an Enphase system. So, I think we are in very, very good shape but I can’t quantify it exactly that you are asking for.
Paul Nahi: I can speak a part of that. So we definitely see a very large opportunity for Enphase in the commercial market, we already have a very sizable market share in this small commercial market. We have not really entered the large commercial market yet. Although we do have some large commercial installations, those and even the small commercial installations are effectively being done with our residential product. While we’ve said that several times now, is that we are well underway in the development of a purpose build commercial microinverter and not just the hardware sales but the entire system to support the commercial market. We have not announced the timing of that yet but the initial discussions with potential and solar partners as well as the progress we are making the engineering are both very positive.
Paul Nahi: So, we don’t break that out, and part of the reason we don’t break that out is because we view it as a system. That when you are buying an Enphase System, you are buying the hardware; you are buying the monitoring platform. And in many cases for the installer they are leveraging our monitoring platform for their O&M infrastructure for filling for host of different reasons. So we don’t separate the two right now, we view it as a single system. And if you are referring to Enphase Energy Services that is still very young in development and as that progress we’ll provide more data on that.
Paul Nahi: So there is actually a lot of work going on there. Again it’s interesting to note that at 500 gigabytes of data everyday Enphase collects and manages more data on a daily basis than Twitter does. So we actually have a tremendous IP infrastructure to support the data collection and analytics as well as the data itself. And we are exploring multiple ways to leverage that data into new customers and new markets. Again it’s a bit too early to have that discussion but I can say there is a lot of internal work going on to leverage this tremendous resource that we have.
Paul Nahi: Again I would quantify that, I think that the data has been monetized everyday through the microinverter itself. But if you are referring to the data only, that’s exactly correct.
Paul Nahi: So our first target in that region will very likely be Japan and we are still early in the exploration of that market itself. We are working through the technical issues; we are working through the go-to-market and partnership issues. We’re feeling very confident, but we’re not ready to making these specific announcements there yet. We do not as of now have any direct plans to get into China, clearly over time that will be an important market for us. But in the foreseeable future there is a lot of other low hanging fruit that we’ll be going after first.
Paul Nahi: That sounds more like a question for SolarCity than it does for Enphase. What I can say is that we have the majority of the largest, most successful, the fastest growing companies in the U.S. and in the world right now use Enphase Microinverter Systems. They use it because it generates more energy, because it simplifies the installation process, they can become more efficient and of course in all the O&M ease of doing business on the operations and maintenance side as well. So we are very, very comfortable with the growth and customers that we have, the breadth of customers that we have and candidly the quality of customers. When you look at what we are doing with the very large vertically integrated installers that are just doing tremendously it’s very exciting. We have a two tier distribution strategy, and our distribution partners are also doing very, very well. Interestingly electrical distribution is really doing well, it’s really taking off and that’s addressing the small-to-medium size installers, which is growing also. So it’s a very wide and broad market and we are I think executing quite well and being able to attract the best from all these different segments.
Paul Nahi: So we have pricing discussions with all of our customers every day, that’s been going on for a seven, eight years now. Is there anything new happening there? No. The dynamics change year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter, but the fact is that we have to continuously work to reduce our costs. We’ve recognized that as our responsibility. And if you look historically, we have been able to significantly reduce our prices somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% plus on a year-over-year basis. So we take that responsibility seriously and we feel very good about our ability to maintain the pricing level that our customers are demanding.
Paul Nahi: Again I am not sure how to answer that question. I think that there is very likely an effect. How big an effect that is probably questionable and how big of an effect that would have on overall demand is yet again different than how much of an effect that would have on Enphase. As far as we are concerned, as I mentioned earlier I do think that prices going up is not good and could have an effect on demand. However the industry is robust and strong and I think we can overcome this.
Paul Nahi: Thank you all for joining our call. All of us at Enphase are committed to developing successive generations of microinverter system expanding our technology leadership position growing our business in our core markets. All of us are looking forward to expanding into new geographies, new segments and exploring untapped market opportunities. Enphase is going to be exhibiting exciting new products at the Solar Power International Trade Show in Las Vegas on October 20th through 23rd and we hope to see you there. Thank you and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
