Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean mainly it is IQ8. It's as simple as that. And with Europe margins and U.S. margins are equivalent for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, a few answers here. The growth mainly came -- comes from Netherlands and Germany. And basically, you're right that Q2 growth is more growth comes from solar. But storage also grew quite well. For Q3, actually quite balanced. We expect growth to be equally good on solar and storage. And what's happening in Netherlands right. So, Netherlands, we are quite strong there. We service the long tail of installers. They like us because of our quality. And many of the other suppliers have been unable to ship product in these times. And in addition, the utility rates are also rising. So there's a natural momentum in Netherlands and considering the geopolitical situation is even more accelerated. So they're extremely happy about Netherlands and the name of the game for us is to get a lot more supply into the region. That's why we embarked on building the Flex plant in Romania where we can have the microinverters coming out in Europe versus getting shipped from elsewhere. On Germany, it's fascinating. We are quite small in Germany, let me say that first. But the German market is a big market. The last I heard is it's roughly two gigawatts residential time adopting solar. And I'm hearing 80% attach, so two gigawatts times 80% is 1.6 gigawatt hours of batteries, that's the market. So very healthy market. And there are about 5,000 long-tail installers in Germany. And what they need is they need high quality, they need reduced installation time, because they always have labor issues. And every installation is accompanied every solar installation is accompanied by a battery, by a EV charger, which is virtually free due to the rebates. And then normally heat pumps as well. So they require us to basically work with third-party EV chargers, third-party heat pumps, which we are working very hard to have that capability. And we expect to have that shortly. So, it's very similar to what we have told you for the U.S., we would like to provide that single interface for the homeowner, where everything shows up in the app, solar, storage, home loads, EV, heat pumps, he have the capability to monitor and control the things he wants. And with the utility rates being so high, and feed in tariff in Germany, the only option is self consumption. Self consumption means you utilize all solar, figure out ways to utilize all solar which is store it in a battery, use it later. Right do green charging for electric vehicle, do green charging for heat pumps. So lots of interesting, interesting opportunities, lots of work for us to do on Home Energy Management. But I think, this is our strength. And so this is where we have tremendous opportunity. And that's why we expect to grow disproportionately in that region. And in fact, Germany is going to grow, although the numbers are small, Germany, the numbers are quite big in terms of growth from Q2 to Q3, percentage growth is quite big. That's the story in Netherlands, Germany.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean we are incredibly excited about battery. Let me say that, we have grown at an average rate of 28% per quarter, over the last two years. And we are proud of certifying more than 1,600 installers worldwide, long-tail installers are our focus. And we continue to win 15 installers a week in the U.S. In the second quarter, we were 10% higher than the first quarter, we did about 132 megawatt hours and we are shipping into three countries, North America, Germany, as well as Belgium. We've learned a lot, we have made a lot of improvements, I would say still our commissioning times need to improve, we still have two plus hours of commissioning time. And because of that, what happens is, we do have a little bit more inventory in the channel than what I'd like. So we are going to get to the bottom of it, we are confident of getting that under control. And we are going to unleash the demand back up again. And so we're extremely confident, I talked about our trip to Puerto Rico. And there is huge opportunities for us and we expect to get our fair share of that. So, bottom line is we, we expect to grow in batteries, we expect to get the commissioning times fully under control in Q3. And although we don't guide to the 180 number that you talked about, we expect to continuously grow.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we're not going to guide, when you are going from -- yes, let's say for example, when you go from 10 megawatt hours to 20 megawatt hours, that's a 50% increase, but then the next quarter you go from 20 to 30, that's only that's a lesser increase basically, right. So you need to understand that even a 10% growth quarter-on-quarter is very healthy, that's 40% for the year. And I'm not saying we will grow at 10% every quarter, maybe more, maybe less. But we love the business, we think we are well positioned, our market is the long tail of installers, the moment we make it a lot easier for them in terms of commissioning time, the floodgates will open and we expect to continuously grow.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean we IQ8 provides a lot of value. Three things is sunlight, backup. Basically, when the grid is out, IQ8 continues to work and provides power, one; number two, it removes any limit on solar to storage ratio, which is the limit of today. In other words, you can have a lot of solar with very tiny storage, and the extreme end being zero storage, that's number two. Number three is sunlight jumpstart, which means that in other batteries when you completely drain the battery, because you use it overnight, and you accidentally drained it, you accidentally drained it in the morning, IQ8 can come and independently jumpstart the batteries. Because it can provide -- it can generate its own microgrid and kickstart the battery. So there is three big differentiators. And we do value based pricing, which is since we are different, since we add value, we expect to get the right price for it. Now so as the IQ8 percentage increases in North America, we expect the margins to kind of drag that which is going up. The second thing is in Europe, for example, in Europe, grids are quite stable. Like for example, in Germany, the installers aren't even, they weren't even interested in backup, they only wanted self-consumption. So the value that they associate with sunlight backup is a little bit less compared to the U.S. So there, we may not get as much value, but we'll get a little bit. So to answer your question, as the percentage of IQ8 become more and more, our gross margins will go up and we will guide them appropriately. That's why we increased up the gross margin by a point right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, like what I said, we certify a lot of installers. I think the last earnings call I said 1,300 I don't remember and now it is 1,600. So we certify a few hundreds of installers a quarter. We work with the long tail of installers in all GEOs all regions in the U.S. Like what I said Puerto Rico, trade market, very interesting market only when I went and saw there. It was quite eye opening for me on the number of times they had a power shut down every day. And there the requirements, for example, are a little bit different from California where the grid is by and large table, right. So this basically gave us a completely new perspective on hey, we need to make sure the homeowner experience through outages. The outage performance of our app needs to be flawless. And the installer experience and the homeowner experience have to be good. So those are the kinds of things we learn. And we do it across all the states, we have salespeople, we have FAEs, we have field sales technicians. They are the ones who will help these 300 installers that we certify. By certification, we mean they have to do the training course plus, they have to complete the first install. And we do have some challenges on the commissioning. So we do initial hand holding with the help of our field service technicians. And then we unleashed installers. And we got to get better like what I said -- I would, yes I would call Nirvana when I do a half an hour commissioning. And I don't even need to train the installers. That's where we are trying to get to, because we recognize that all of the installers will install batteries if they make money on batteries. And in order for them to make money, we Enphase needs to take the lead and help them with standardizing the workflow with streamlining the way the product works and take care of any problems they have immediately. So we are doing all of them with upfront training and round tables and field service technicians and FAEs and our salespeople.
Badri Kothandaraman: No at this point, sector coupling is quite complex. We are scratching the surface here by basically providing the capability for the solar plus storage system to connect to heat pumps and electric vehicles. And for electric vehicles there is a fairly reasonable standard called as OCPP which we need to be compliant with and then we can connect to all third-party electric vehicles. On heat pumps, it is still a rudimentary standard called as SG ready standard, there are four modes of operation, which are relatively trivial to implement. They -- all of them, the EVs, the heat pump, solar storage home loads, when you integrate all of them, then you provide the complete control to the homeowner at their fingertips. And we know at least now, yes, at least for now, we don't plan to go and do anything as far as the heating and cooling sector is concerned. We just want to make sure that we enable the sector coupling by achieving interoperability with EV chargers and heat pumps. That's what we're looking at now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Our baseline 3515 and 3520, that 15 stands for operating expenses as a function of revenue, non-GAAP. We don't plan to deviate from that. We are well under that, one of the advantages that we have is we are able to get talent at. We are able to have the right people at the right places, which means we're able to get a lot of good talent in places like in the -- in places like New Zealand, in Austin, in China, we are able to get the talent that we need. And because we are growing fast, we are able to keep our operating expenses under control. So we don't plan to deviate from the in-person. We don't plan to compromise on any new products. We will get everything that is necessary. With regarding what you said on interesting opportunities created by the recent layoffs in Silicon Valley and other places. I mean, we're always looking for talent at the same time we are always cautious. We don't like to go overboard. If we see people who are outstanding, we won't hesitate to pick it up. But it's easy to get fat here. And we are very disciplined. You can expect us to always meet the 15% with margins. And still not compromise on R&D, because we are growing so fast.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I think the decision is staring at our face. I mean, it's kind of obvious, we should get a lot more than 750 to 1,000 microinverters. We are going to make that happen. But first, let's get our manufacturing and production done by Q1 '23. And I think we can immediately add another full auto line and we can take it up to a couple of million units very quickly from Romania.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, today we have two suppliers A123 and ATL and we are on track to add a third supplier and for our third generation battery, and that will start to ship hopefully in the first quarter of '23. And that time, we will have a third supplier qualified.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we usually don't quantify that. It's a matter of lead times. Basically, our battery lead times are 14 to 16 weeks. That means if an order comes today, it's going to take us 16 weeks to service it. Our microinverter lead times are almost, I would say, eight to 10 weeks. So that's a little bit better. Yes, I mean, the balance for us is to make sure that, that we always look at channel inventory all the time for microinverters and storage and do not get ahead of ourselves. The one place where I wish I could ship more to zero, because the channel inventory there is quite bright. And but it takes cycle time for us to do that. We have to get product there without compromising our schedules to other customers. That's always a challenge. And we are very determined to not upset other customers who have already placed orders. So we are very strict in all of that. Yes, that's how we were.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean if you look at it, if you look at our guidance, midpoint of guidance for Q3, that's 610. And if you look at what is the percentage growth, from Q2 530 to 610, that's basically roughly around 15%. So you see, you can that's a proxy for microinverter growth from Q2 to Q3, you correctly pointed out 3.3 million micros in Q2, you apply 15%, that becomes something like 3.8 million, maybe 3.9 million micros in Q3. And of course, I mean, not going to break what future quarters growth rate, but you can do the math. Within a few quarters, we will run up against the sixth. Like what I said, it's a no brainer for us to basically make the decision on the Flex Romania plant to add one more line. Of course, we are going to do that. We'd like to get some data from the plants on the current microinverters first, and then we'll make those decisions. But I mean, it's easy for us to or we have sufficient time to make these decisions because we evaluate these every quarter. And we have options to add, we can add in Chennai, Salcomp, we can add in Guad, Mexico for servicing U.S. customers. We can add in Flex, Romania for servicing Europe customers. And we can also add in Fuyong, China for servicing Australia customers if we need. So everything is flexible, everything can be expandable. And all we need to do is to make the decisions at the right times.
Badri Kothandaraman: So that's why we are doing it to achieve a lot of scale. And then with regarding the making the charger smart, we expect that to be done by the first half of 2023 for both chargers shipping into the U.S. and Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean again the answers are very similar to what I've given in the past, the first thing for us is take care of the needs of the business is, if we need a different, if we need an auto line, if we need something special on the batteries, if we need to buy software, take care of the means of the business that comes first -- have plenty of cash to do that, if we need to expand the facility, for example in the U.S., we need to build a new reliability lab. So I can go on and on. So that's number one priority, number two priority is evaluate continuous pipeline of acquisitions. The areas that we are interested are for example, EV charging is a potential area, we are interested mainly on the software, on the software side to get more software capability. Number two, the second thing we are interested in as potential acquisition targets are anything interesting in batteries, right, anything interest not manufacturing of batteries, but battery systems innovation there, we're interested there, that's two. And then third is home energy management systems, the ability to not only network to things outside the home, such as EV chargers or heat pumps, the ability to network things inside the home, to provide that comprehensive experience to the homeowner. So these three are the things we will be continuously looking at, we might still do some more acquisitions on the platform side of things in order to round it up. That's my next priority to basically look at the acquisitions in those areas. And then the last one is, if we take care of number one, and number two, which is plenty of cash required for the business, have plenty of cash for M&A in certain key specific areas. If those two are taken care of, then we look at buying back shares, there we look at is our share price, do we believe our share price is below a conservatively estimated intrinsic value? And it's not my idea. This is Warren Buffett has taught everybody. And so it's quite logical there and the key question is always how do you estimate your intrinsic value? How do you be conservative, so we have our own formulas for that. And then if we feel that's the right time we'll buy shares, if not, no.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, the lead times have been shrunk but you're correct, the ocean freight rates have gotten a little better, not a lot better. We are expecting them to continuously from now.
Badri Kothandaraman: No we are not hearing anything specific. That's just some general news that we are hearing about will there be some relief from tariffs given the situation given the economic situation right now, but there is no specific action that we have come across that there'll be any specific relief on that.
Badri Kothandaraman: In Q3, we already said, we already gave you specifically on Europe that we do expect to grow revenue in Europe by 40%, compared to Q2. So basically in the U.S., we will grow at very healthy levels. Our U.S. contribution obviously, is very high proportion of revenue. So we will grow at very healthy levels in the U.S., in Europe due to the geopolitical issues, utility prices that are rising, the end, many of our competitors are unable to supply. We have an incredible opportunity in Europe. And we grew 59% -- 69% from Q1 to Q2 in Europe, and we are forecasting to grow by at least another 40% from Q2 to Q3.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, like what I said, we are incredibly bullish about the demand. And our installers are incredibly bullish about using Enphase, what we need to get under control is what I talked about, our channel inventory is a little bit high, our commissioning times are a little bit high, we are going to work on them. And this will unleash the demand. So we're not worried about demand. We are growing quarter-on-quarter, we expect to grow, we continue to expect that the growth will be healthy in the coming quarters.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean we do have longer lead times 14 to 16 weeks, but we have made now, we don't think cell will be a constraint and we have lined up the right capacity that we need for the future once we solve these issues.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean we are typically conservative in our guidance, we'd like to make sure that one of the things we look at is we look at channel, we look at inventory, we are hawks at monitoring that, we're extremely disciplined. So we gave ourselves a slightly wider range this time. But like what I said, we are incredibly bullish about our business, we -- the installers love using our product. We meet with 10 to 15 installers every week. We take down all of the issues that they have, and all of the things that Enphase needs to do in order to make sure their life becomes easier. We take those actions, we go execute them. So yes, I mean, we are quite happy with where we are. We have grown at a 28% rate, an average rate in the last two years, that's not too shabby. And we are forecasting continuous increase.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we cannot be arrogant. We need to create meaning. We need to provide value to the installers, which is high quality, which we think we are quite good there when compared to competition. So we are good there in terms of customer experience. We pride ourselves on net promoter score and answering the calls. We need to continue to do that. That's a big differentiator for Enphase. The last one is what -- yes, it's what I've said the sector coupling, making sure that we take care of the homeowner to not have disparate things in his home, which are unconnected. It is one experience, manage your energy. Ensure that things like EV chargers and heat pumps are connected seamlessly to the home energy management system. Do that flawlessly. Take care of customers. We need to learn that business. So I have no qualms that this business is here to stay. But we will focus on quality and customer experience. And usually if we get that right, the customers will stick.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, we're not going to comment on specific customers, but our target is to get to 90% by the second quarter of 2023.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I'll give you some color. Thing we understand whom to work with. We are -- the devices come in a similar form factor that we are used to for the high voltage fits today silicone fits, which is great. We need to do work on the transformers which we understand and it's well underway. We need to work on the gate drivers, which we understand that's well underway. So I think it is the matter of 12 to 18 months, and I think we are going to have the first gallium nitride product.
Badri Kothandaraman: We don't see exactly what you said, we do see that the demand is very strong. We do see both installers doing well. The big installers as well as the small installers. The small installers, usually, they understand, they are local, they understand what the homeowners, they understand about the area, they can give more personalized service. And that that kind of business, the long tail of installers is where we add the most value, because they don't want to be on calls with reference to quality issues or service issues. So we had the most value there. But we aren't seeing, one category versus the other category changing much right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, the -- yes, just to say that, we already have load controllers that are available to our installers, first generation load controllers. We have generator compatibility available to our installers. So all of those are fully available today. The IQ battery 5P is our third generation battery that's going to be available in the early 2023, is what I said. And that's the first quarter of 2023 is what I said. And that the focus for that battery is high power, double the power, both continuous and peak power. And is to basically do some more improvements in overall commissioning. And go to a wired form of connectivity versus wireless. Just, you don't focus on removing any pain points for the installer and homeowner.
Badri Kothandaraman: All regions will move to IQ8 eventually, that's what I said. We will move to IQ8 and 90% of our microinverters will be IQ8 by the second quarter of 2023. We've gotten started with the U.S. 37% of our overall microinverter shipment this quarter was like where IQ8 and primarily into U.S., North America. But we are soon going to start introducing IQ8 microinverters into Europe. Later this year, we're going to start with Netherlands, France, and then move on to Germany and the other countries. So our plan is to get to 90% by Q2 '23.
Badri Kothandaraman: Absolutely not. No share loss. It is that when we explain the value of IQ8 to people they do understand. And like what I said there's some like backup there is unlimited solar storage ratio and the concept of sunlight jumpstart when the battery is dead. The concept of sunlight jumpstart which are highly differentiated features from competition. So they do understand that now, when, if they have a short term problem in terms of conversion that we aren't able to ship IQ7 to them, for example, in the next few days, weeks, we do understand the situation and we work with them, so that the pricing is palatable for them for a short term until they then start paying the full price for IQ8. So yes.
Badri Kothandaraman: There's nothing on the cost side, it's basically we work with long tail installers in the -- in Europe, they care about a lot of things, they do care about price, but they care about quality and service even more. And we are able to get -- we are able to price them appropriately for the value we provide.
Badri Kothandaraman: That was specific to Europe where we what we did was we released, we made our IQ batteries compatible to third-party string inverters. And we are just getting started there. We don't have much statistics right now to give you, but the name of the game was quite simple. Many of the homes in Germany and Belgium already had solar from string inverters. And they were installed quite some time ago, and they need batteries and they were not getting batteries. So it was a very popular. It was a popular demand from the installer, saying why don't you make your batteries interoperable with other string inverters and we did that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye.
Raghu Belur: So hi, this is Raghu. The way again, what we provide is important, right. We are trying -- we have with the home energy management solution that we have, we are providing a very comprehensive solution. This is not just about the solar part, not just about the battery part or just about the EV part or managing the heat pump, et cetera. Our goal is to provide a one stop shop, a completely comprehensive solution. And everything is managed from software with a home energy management system. This is true in Europe. And actually, it's true here as well. So for us, our value-add when we think about relative to competition is not look at any one single piece. Although we have to be better than them in every individual component that we are building. But it is about looking at the overall solution. So the homeowner has a great experience where they have one app, and they see they get unprecedented visibility into the performance of their entire system. Same thing true for an installer partners as well. They get trained by one company to deliver all of the different components on how to install them, how to commission them, et cetera. And if there is any problem it is one phone call to make during the warranty issues that occur to go to one company. So we expect entire end-to-end solution is where how we differentiate ourselves from everybody else. And we feel like we have done a good job vis-à-vis the competition.
Raghu Belur: Absolutely, it has to be a core part of our offering because we see that it brings significant amount of value to the homeowner by doing that. So for example, in the case of V2H where you're in a situation where you may have a grid outage, not only will you have say 10 or 20 kilowatt hours of stationary storage to help you through that outage, you will have IQ8 on the roof that will also support you through that outage, you have an additional 80 to 100 kilowatt hours of storage available to significantly expand out the outage period that can be supported. So absolutely V2H is going to be a key -- is a key part of our strategy. We want to bring that vehicle on to our ensemble platform, so that we can effectively manage it. With regards to vehicle to grid, we are the guys who really understand very well how to connect our systems to grids. Things such as grid profiles, things such as dynamic requirements around how grid profiles are going to change, all of those things we are extremely good at. And so with vehicle to grid if we can, again, if the right structure business model and business structure is available, where the homeowner can be compensated for allowing the car to be discharged onto the grid in order to provide things like grid services and grid support absolutely that's a good business model. And we will support it with all the technology and like I said, we are absolutely the right guys to do it. Now, in order to get there eventually to make that car completely bi-directional, there has to be some standards development work not necessarily technology development, we feel like the technology is available, whether that is done through a DC to AC conversion that occurs externally or on board through by making the bi-directional -- by making the charger, the Level 2 charger with touch within the car. Bi-directional, we feel like we are very well positioned to do all of those in. And with regard to standards, we're actually actively participating in the standards body to drive standards to allow for bi-directionality. I think it's going to take some time but we are actively involved. We are also engaging very closely with a number of EV manufacturers, we are working on some developing some highlights with them. So we're very actively involved. That is part of our EV roadmap. What Badri mentioned, the connectivity part and the control part is just that smart EV charger. That's the only the very first step on a much broader roadmap that we have for EV chargers.
Raghu Belur: Yes, so the struggle -- as a means of clarification, it was net metering was supposed to do. Those are glide path out of net metering starting at the end of next year. But right now, there are discussions that that net metering could be pushed out by an additional couple of years. So the good and the bad debt is of course, we will expect, of course solar continues to expand and our net metering is a fantastic incentive program. And solar is going to continue to expand into rate that's happening as we speak and for the reasons that Badri alluded to, which is a home electrification and the need for self-consumption. So the flip side to that, of course is that we were expecting battery deployment in Netherlands to increase starting in 2023 in preparation for the sunsetting of net metering, and I think that's going to get pushed out probably by another 12 to 24 months. But all in all Netherlands is growing at a -- and we are very strong in Netherland. And Netherlands are growing at a very, very good rate for us. It's solar centered to around solar. And Netherland, if you look at it it's one the subset of sector coupling in that it says EV adoption is extremely high in Netherlands. And so it's a combination of solar and EV and now there is a heat pump adoption also increasing there as the government is pushing to sunset, the use of natural gas. And of course, natural gas is obviously in shortage as well. So all in all, Netherlands is an excellent market for us with solar and then eventually EV and storage as well.
Raghu Belur: Yes, I don't have any specific details to share. But in terms of technology, absolutely, we are continuing to develop the gallium nitride based microinverter. So you're probably at the next Analyst Day we may have more things to share, but right now the development is happening.
