Brad Meikle: Hi. Thanks for the question. Could you add a little more color in terms of your visibility into second quarter and the second half the year from a demand standpoint. And also areas you're ramping, it sounds like you prioritize the ramp of the IQ7 and to alleviate the shortages and catch up with customer demand. Can you comment on how much more capacity you'll have as you go into the second and third quarter? Thanks.
Brad Meikle: Okay, thanks. And just last question, could you speak to the battery ramp and we've heard of some high attach rates in California of 25% plus and, obviously you make probably eight times as much on a storage installation with your customers. So could you comment on what you're seeing from customers that you're talking about in terms of storage attachment and what that could mean for the business. Thanks very much.
Brad Meikle: Thanks. Just a follow-up. So you've spoken about one power MOFSET line that's running, another one that's coming up and as well as a couple of contracts I think from a supplier standpoint. So obviously implies a lot more demand out there and a lot more supply. Can you speak to your level of confidence that the demand is there and what -- I know you are not guiding on the second half, but just kind of what your demand visibility is for the second half? And just as part of the capacity ramp up also I wanted to know what portion you expect of U.S. demand to be from Guadalajara in the second and third quarter? Thank you.
Brad Meikle: Thank you. And just last question is I guess solarquotes.com at EU and Australia reported of solar edge threatening to sue some of the customers around the failure rates being higher I guess unexpected in that region we've heard about it in the U.S. as well. Can you speak to whether you think that Enphase will benefit from market share shift away as a result. And just broadly speaking, what your feeling is in terms of your potential for market share again.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, Brad, thanks for the question. As you know, we are not going to provide guidance beyond a quarter and we guided $90 million to $95 million of revenue for Q1 of 2019. Having said that, we are unlocking three of the four top line growth vectors that I said. The first one was the IQ7 regional expansion, the second is the AC modules and the third is the high performance, high power products so I'll take each of them. In the first one obviously our balance sheet has significantly improved. We are very financially stable we have great cash in our cash balance. So customers are coming back to us. In addition, we pride ourselves on offering the highest quality end customer experience. So, with all of this our demand has started to increase and what we did was we recognized this sometime last year and we basically we worked with one of our suppliers to increase our 600 volt transistor supply, which is a key component in our microinverters. And we did that early in 2018 we locked some capacity down and that capacity is coming on in Q1 2019. In fact, it is online right now. But having said that, as we unlock more of our top line growth vectors, we found that that is not enough. We found that in the fourth quarter that we had to scramble for more capacity and I personally went down and talk to the CEOs of these companies and we were able to get two additional long-term contracts done. The result is that from middle of 2019, meaning from the second half of 2019 the incremental supply will turn on and we will start to service customers a lot better. The answer to your question is Q1 2019 will be better than Q4 of 2018, Q2 1019 will be better than Q1 of 2019 and Q3 and Q4 will be a lot more comfortable for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, yes that is the right way to think about it. The -- let me let me say this. In the second half of the year we will be in a very comfortable spot in terms of our supply. Supply -- I hope supply will not be a major problem in the second half.
Badri Kothandaraman: We’re not going to talk about the second quarter, Brad the -- we are sold out for the first quarter though.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we’re extremely excited about storage, as I said in the prior quarter, storagerepresents a significant opportunity for us to increase the revenue potential for home from $2,000 to $10,000. And a key part of Ensemble is Encharge, Encharge is going to have capacities of 3.3 kilowatt hour, 10 kilowatt hour, 13.2 kilowatt hour it is going to have us see over two charging rate, it is going to have LSP chemistry, which is going to be very safe for residential applications. It is, I mean, most importantly, it’s going to use IQ8 and the same IQ8 microinverter. So we are furiously working on Encharge, having said that like what it has it is a little bit delayed to the fourth quarter of 2019. But we are extremely optimistic about our prospects in storage and yes I’ll leave at that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right, so Ensemble is designed to service two markets, one is grid agnostic market segment and the other is the off-grid market segment. Come to the off-grid market segment where we are on track. We started sampling the product to our lead customer in the fourth quarter of 2018 and we are expecting to ship significant quality to them in the first quarter of 2019. So what I’ll say is this, I mean, if you look at of -- if you look at the countries, where the off-grid technology is going to play a major part is going to be places like India and Africa. India and Africa are places where you will see, of course the PV and storage systems are not going to be that big, they've got to be small. But imagine a hot -- having one or two AC modules or one or two modules with microinverters. And so that will be just perfect for the architecture of a microinverter. It's still too early for us to assess, to talk about volumes and talk about ramps, but we're excited that our product is there, our product is sampling. We have a strong partner and we will talk about in the coming quarters progress. So, that's on the off-grid -- pure off-grid microinverter. On the grid agnostic one it gets more exciting, the grid agnostic one obviously there's a lot of cases. We service somebody, who wants to be completely good independent. We service somebody who wants to be totally dependent on the grid, but just wants backup as a peace of mind. So Ensemble technology that can do whatever the customer wants. That's why, we call it as grid agnostic and Ensemble complex. It has got four components, which is the micro, the battery, the automatic transfer switch, and the combiner and cloud. Having working all of these together seamlessly in terms of hardware and software is something that we have been challenged with. And I think that's why we are experiencing the delay, but the way I think about it is two big opportunities on the Ensemble side is one is the storage, which is Encharge, which takes our revenue per home from $2,000 to $10,000. And the other is even if there is not much storage attachment, what would people want grid agnostic solar or a grid-tied solar. I mean, we think that most people would want a grid-agnostic solar they've given a choice. So once again, we are extremely excited about the technology, we're extremely excited about Ensemble. But we did not want to get ahead of ourselves. Right now we are basically having our heads to the table, we are focused on execution and we are focus on getting this product out in the fourth quarter of 2019.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we’re not going to break out the percentage shipments. But AC modules have been increasing slowly and steadily. And it starts with customers like SunPower, which is all AC modules are the microinverters IQ7Xs that we shipped to SunPower is in their Equinox AC modules. In addition, partners like Solaria or all gaining a lot of traction in their market. Solaria has got a 355 watt AC module, they use their IQ7 plus microinverter, which is a 295 watt AC output. So basically a DC/AC ratio 1.2 there. And Solaria value proposition is it's effective module is aesthetic and that's why everybody likes it that's that. And earlier in the year, we announced our partnership with Panasonic that's slowly getting to be a reality and we'll announce when we are ready there. So basically these are our very strong partners and in addition we have a few more that we are working on in the international regions, which we’ll announce when we are ready.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, look we are already sharing the tariff costs with our customers. We did that effective in Q4 of 2018, which is what we said we were. So we're doing that our -- really the puts and takes on gross margin. The 4.3% really comes from air shipping our microinverter. So that we provide customer service. And so I didn't -- to tell you the truth, I prioritize customer service in Q4. And therefore we spent a lot of money air shipping product. Yes, now a few of our customers are also willing to pay for air ships. So that basically offset us a little bit, but even after that we still had a gross margin hit of 4.3% as we said. And now in Q1 of 2019 with the supply situation a little bit better. We are not going to be spending so much money, but still is a significant 2% to 3% in terms of air shipments is still significant. And that's really accounted in the guidance of 31% to 34%.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, the competitive environment remains pretty -- I mean, pretty much the same there is not much change of course we're all talking about Huawei. We do not see them that much in the residential space right now, but of course they are a formidable competitor we are watching the space. But let me remind you that our product is unique, our product is differentiated it's a micro inverter and we focus on the differentiation through innovation. So we'll be prepared to meet competition.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we're not going to make on the percentage of SunPower revenue. But I'll tell you what, I mean, it is -- the ramp is very much in line with our expectation. I expected volume shipments beginning Q4 of 2018 and we are exactly at that point where we had volume shipments to SunPower on our IQ7X microinverters in Q4, of 2018. I expect Q1 2019 to be a ramp, nice ramp. And I expect us to be done by Q2 of 2019 as I previously communicated.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, if you really see it an AC module is actually perfect when you see that the modules are going to higher and higher power. Because we can easily scale our microinverters. So, it’s actually advantageous for us in terms of gross margin as well. And, having said that, SunPower is the biggest. And then people like Solaria, for example, like I will reemphasize that again, it's a 355 watt AC module. And it is a really neat module, 72 cell modules and very high aesthetic black on black and it really looks nice. So those are the kinds of partnerships we are actually getting and we're getting many such partnerships across the world. Like for example, Europe, yes, Europe there are couple of partnerships which we're working on. We cannot allow them yet, but they are making rapid progress.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, I mean, it's not an uphill battle, but it is not for us to penetrate the channel. SunPower has -- is going to exclusively use end phase microinverters and therefore it is in SunPower's best interest to promote these microinverters and the future microinverters to their dealer network. So, our job is a little bit easier there, because SunPower is taking all -- I mean, is making all the efforts to make sure that everybody is trained, the dealer network is trained. And of course, we are helping them every step of the way.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right now you should think about the OpEx as our long-term model is 20% of revenue, we are not going to deviate from that. We incurred restructuring expenses to make sure we have the right people in the right places. So we are very confident that we can meet that. That's not an issue. So we are -- while we ramp revenue we will control OpEx at 20% of sales.
Badri Kothandaraman: Look, I mean, the 30-20-10 is more and more looking like 32-22-10. So the -- I mean what you should be looking at is the 30-20-10 spirit is what is the 10% operating income. So as long as that is met numbers will fluctuate a little bit. Having said that we feel good about are profitable top line growth vectors. We feel good that even if Ensemble is late we feel that the other three vectors are actually kicking in and more than compensating for that. And so we feel really good about that, but still we’re not going to guide more than one quarter out. And we know this is a solar industry anything can happen overnight. We know if the government sneezes on this a little bit, things can go south. So we’re not going to be update more right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, look, I think, when we introduce the product in the fourth quarter, obviously that will be only the ramp, right. There won't be much significant revenue from Ensemble in 2019.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, that's our goal to obviously get to parity in terms of U.S. versus Europe versus Asia to get to something like 33-33-33. But having said that, the U.S. business is the strongest at this point in time, especially with SunPower, especially with our financial stability with the long tail of customers coming back because of our product quality, because of our customer experience. U.S. is really firing on all cylinders right now. And I think, 2019 is going to be about the U.S.. And -- but I'm optimistic that 2021 time frame we can start being more balanced in terms of all the deals.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, I'm going to talk on the residential space. And yes, I mean, look, what I said in the last conference call is that we could not ship more than $10 million of demand. And in the -- I said that in the Q3 conference call, and that number is a little bit higher for Q4. So basically, yes, there is a lot of demand out there and we are seeing a lot of demand because of our financial stability because of our strong balance sheet. Because IQ7 is the latest and greatest product that we have, our customer experience, our high quality. And so demand is strong and it is also probably the middle at this point in time and I expect the next two quarters like that, but I'm optimistic about Q3 and Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: So Phil, we are not going to break that out. I broke that out in Q3, because just to make sure that our top-line is starting to break out. Now, we are not going to get into the habit of breaking that out. But I’ll just tell you this, I mean, we feel really good, the demand is strong and what we feel bad is we are not -- I mean, we're still not servicing customers well in terms of deliveries, and we need to fix that. That's what I'm working on day and night. That's what our top priority is to not be internally focused, but to be focused on what customers want. And we need to do a lot more work there.
Badri Kothandaraman: So Brad, so like what I -- I mean you already know we're not going to be talking about specific demand in the beyond Q1. But, having said that, our objective is to basically make sure we take all supply related problems off the table. That's what we would like to do. That is why I went and did in the last couple of months I went and take these additional two long term contracts. And you know, Guadalajara coming on is an interesting dynamic it doesn't change anything on the supply scenario. But it does one thing with the stream line inventory and cycle time to all our customers, which we think is important especially as we service the U.S. So if we do a good job in ramping, the Flex Mexico there's no reason why we cannot ship almost all of the North American demand from Mexico. Time will tell in terms of the quality of their plant, et cetera which we will have to see, but we are working towards that.
Badri Kothandaraman: So Brad, we’re not going to comment on the competition what their strategies, et cetera but like, I sound like a broken record what -- where we really our core strength are the product quality, superior customer experience, that is what we do, ease of use, high quality, high customer service. And so we will continue to offer that to customers. And if they pick us we are more than happy we need to solve this component shortages, we can start servicing them right.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you once again on our call next quarter.
Eric Branderiz: Yes, I think that as we -- when we think about OpEx for 2019 except for the qualification from Q4 and Q1 we should thinking in terms of a model, the financial operating model that we set out price, which is cash generating so the $0.24 number is still relevant. It may go up a little bit may go down. It's the whole model of the 30-20-10 that we basically live by and double-digit earning principle outside this unique specific circumstances, right.
Eric Branderiz: Yes, it will be broken out in 10-K, you actually can see that as well I believe in the table of the press release, right. And for the most part you can see there the stock component 1.5, another portion associated with the restructure fees. So everything is neatly easy to follow there compared with prior quarter and then you can take it into a following impact.
Eric Branderiz: Yes, we have two arrangements that we have on top of the one that we existing before, is one of the two that are new that Badri set out is actually a continuation of the existing one with some prepaid arrangement similar to what we had before. The other one is with another one, with has a take-or-pay that is very short timeframe, right? So probably I wouldn't think beyond 18 months to 2 years right, which gives us enough runway to get the problem resolved. But at the same time doesn’t committee company on our structure pricing arrangement on a take-or-pay for the long-term.
Eric Branderiz: Yes, I'll take the first part and Badri, can probably cover the business aspects of it, Colin. But if you think about it the fifth supply component some shortages right, it has created challenges on our linearity right. So what you see is significant amount of shipments taking place sometimes on even an expedited costing basis on air shipping towards the end of the quarter. And that has been aggravated since Q3. And so now I believe we are turning a corner right in which you can see receivables with day sales outstanding of 70 basis, right and at the same time that compensate with the payable side, which we have a lot of purchases of inventory taking place towards the end of the quarter. So with that being said, you end up with a super low levels of inventories on the working capital front, maybe a little bit below our comfort level for operational flexibility now at 23 days with a total cash conversion cycle of 24 days of working capital in the corner, right. So we believe the linearity challenges being starting to get resolved in Q1 and pretty much gone by the end of Q2, we are in good shape to normalize the business back again and if are seeing receivables, payables getting to our own internal target.
Eric Branderiz: It's just needs [ph] cash a little bit. We feel confident about our cash generating capabilities based on our financial operating model that we have right 30-20-10 or like Badri reported 32-22-10. That model is a cash generating model. And we don't see all the things that we took into account. I believe, we're going to continue going forward into the year by resolving the linearity challenges and increasing our cash cover.
Eric Branderiz: Look, I mean, it's still going to heavily be skewed towards North America, because of SunPower. Having said that, we are really excited about Europe, we had the highest megawatt shipments like what we noted, really excited about the social housing boom in Netherlands and we have very strong distribution partnerships in France. And once the component shortages are resolved, we hope to break into other regions like start ramping in Germany, start ramping in Austria. Those are the places, we would like to start ramping. And then if you look at Australia and the Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, et cetera. There we really took this opportunity with the component shortages in order to correct our inventory, correct the inventory in the channel. We did that before we brought on a general manager and his expertise, he is a solar guide, he understands storage as well. And we really want him to grow the battery business there. And then the last one is India, we’re not talking about India much, but with the off-grid product starting to come, the pure off-grid product, I'm really excited about the prospects in India as well. There are some niche applications that I am not going to talk about right now. But as our pure off-grid product rolls out in the first half of the year and as Ensemble turns on, there are exciting prospects there as well.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. So, the conversation about the strategic target is accretive short impact acquisitions similar to something like SunPower on different parts of the spaces more in line with the complimentary to assemble our position in the commercial sector are always part of the discussion here, right. The success on how we integrated paid for and we studying harvesting the benefit associated with the SunPower transaction put a high bar in terms of what we are trying to achieve, right. And we have cash, we feel very comfortable, but we want to be very careful on how we are going to go about spending it and targeting, trust me, Pavel, I mean, there will not be kind of big diversion to what we are trying to do for 2019 strategy or potentially decisions that we eventually will need to have a payback that extends beyond 18 months or maybe 2 years right. So that's kind of how we are seeing it.
