Paul Nahi: [Technical difficulty] microinverters. The first quarter of 2017 turned out to be more of a challenge than expected and we’re disappointed with our financial results. Our revenue for the first quarter was impacted by the extraordinarily wet winter in California, where we’ve a significant presence than normal seasonality. According to Source Data, out of the 65 working days in California, only 21 were suitable for installations. We estimate that our California residential PV volume in January alone was down approximately 23% from the average monthly volume for all of 2016 as a result of the winter weather. GAAP gross margin was 12.9% and non-GAAP gross margin was 13.3%. Gross margin was lower than expected in the first quarter, primarily as a result of cost absorption on decreased revenue volume. While we continue to increase our presence in California, we’ve been successfully working to increase our market share in other parts of the U.S and continued additional strong market for Enphase is well positioned for growth. Enphase is by far the largest residential microinverter company in the world. There are currently more than 620,000 Enphase Systems deployed in over 100 countries. Since inception, we shipped over 14 million microinverters, representing more than 3 gigawatts of installed generating capacity. Enphase Systems have produced approximately 8 terawatt hours of clean renewable energy. On our last call, we discussed our relentless focus on pulling in profitability. This required [technical difficulty].
Paul Nahi: Sure. So we introduced the IQ just this quarter. We're very excited about the reception that it's getting. We do anticipate a very smooth and soft transition from the current product from the M-series to the IQ series, and we expect that transition to be complete by the end of the year.
Paul Nahi: So we’re not seeing any unusual movements or requirements or request from our distribution partners. I'd say the only thing that was different in Q1 was the slowdown in the market, I think spooked them as well, and they were more reluctant to take an inventory. They did not know how long the downturn was going to last. I think the increment weather, the range were very extreme and unique to California. So I think we were all taken a bit of back by the effect of it and unclear how soon it recover. We clearly have seen it start to recover in Q2, so we feel good about that. In reference to storage, it's really not a distributor issue. It's really more about finding the right tariff and regulatory framework that creates a -- an economic case for storage. In areas like Australia that exists to some degree. In Europe, it's been contemplated. In the U.S., there are some trials with some utilities, but it's still very experimental. And as you know when you're dealing with utilities, these things can take a while. So we're as bullish about the storage market as ever, but I think we have to give it a little bit of time to evolve and develop.
Paul Nahi: Yes, it's true that we have a tremendous amount of data. We are still collecting everyday 3 to 4 terabytes of new data, and that data is -- tells us about the inverter, tells us about the module, and tells us about the grid. And we’ve been able to -- in the past monetize some of that data for to support some of our utility partners. I'd say right now those efforts are -- have slowed down a little bit as a result of the OpEx reductions we've undertaken. One of the casualties was areas like our utility engagement. And the reason for that is that those relationships take a very long time to develop and right now our capital is best used in the development of the IQ 7 storage, the home energy system. So we maintain that data and we actually maintain a dialog with many of these utility partners. But I would say that the developing a business that supports that is not a priority for Enphase at this time.
Paul Nahi: In the second quarter, I think it still can be -- relatively small part of the problem is that demand has outstripped our ability to supply. There is some component shortages. And I think that we’re going to see, as I mentioned before, a gradual transition, so that we'd see -- would be entirely IQ by the end of the year.
Paul Nahi: Well, so on average our business is about 40% in California. And we saw again that -- we saw a significant drop, a double-digit drop in Q1 as a result of the way with the rain.
Paul Nahi: I don't have the specific number, but Brad we will get it to you and we will get it and send it to you.
Paul Nahi: Yes, we will be talking a lot about the new products. I don't know that we will be providing full-year guidance, but we will be giving you more indication, more clarity on cost and on revenue breakout.
Paul Nahi: So, in terms of specific microinverters we're not seeing much of a change. We did talk about in the last call that SunPower has introduced an AC module. And again by definition that must include a microinverter and its not ours. So -- but that hasn't changed quarter-on-quarter. The -- we did hear that there was going to be a new Chinese entrant as early as Q1, Q2. The latest data that we have on that is that that's probably its postponed to at least Q4, maybe Q1, and I believe that they’re actually going to come out with an optimizer solution not a microinverter solution. So, I don’t know of any other microinverter entrant either now or on the horizon. And I think the only significant new entrant in the rooftop inverter market is a new entrant from China, and I think that's been delayed by at least a couple of quarters.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So we are very pleased with the reception that our product is getting. So we're probably one of the top three equipment providers in the Australian rooftop market. The value proposition certainly resonates, but the two issues which I mentioned in the prepared remarks are -- have definitely affected our view on the slope of the ramp. One is that we have seen competitive products come in at a greatly reduced price and also they have copied a little bit of our architecture. We introduced something called an AC coupled system, which originally we were the only ones doing it and now everybody is sort of adopted that architecture. So they've adopted the architecture and coming with a lower price and what we’re seeing is that the overall size of the market is very likely not as big as anybody had predicted at the end of last year. We had, maybe tens of thousands of preorders that had -- that we came into the year with. I don't think we’re going to see those materialize. I think the actual numbers are going to be substantially less. I think we’re executing well. I feel that from a market share and presence we feel good about it, but I think we should assume that the market is going to take a little bit longer to evolve than we had originally planned.
Paul Nahi: So I'm not going to provide any specifics on cost on the ACB, but I will say that, yes, we are -- we have a program right now that that will have a very material, a very significant effect on cost. Remember the ACB was the first product we've ever introduced of that category. And generally when that happens, you’re going to come in probably a little bit higher cost than you should for a whole host of reasons. But now that we have it, now that it's out there, now that we have that experience, we're looking at every aspect of it from the chemistry to the mechanical engineering to the inverter itself to a lot of the internal workings of the ACB, and we are going to come out with -- and we are going to continue to reduce price throughout the end of this year. And I think by the end of the year we will have yet again a far more cost-effective solution.
Paul Nahi: Well the ASP pressures exist today. So I think that that’s the competitive environment we live in right now. But I do think that in a very short period of time, we will be able to see strong gross margins at pricing that can compete with any of the competitors out there.
Paul Nahi: So it's been our experience that we can charge 10% to 15% premium and win a majority of the deals. I think our customers appreciate the simplicity, the quality, the reliability of Enphase solution. And by the way, I think that is especially true with the AC module. So we do anticipate further reductions in ASP throughout the year. I don't think it's going to be as substantial as we saw in 2016. We think anywhere from 10% to 15% -- a 10% to 15% reduction throughout 2017 is probably more likely and then we do think that ASP is stabilized in 2018.
Paul Nahi: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you on June 7 at our Analyst Day and speaking with you once again on our call next quarter.
Bert Garcia: Thanks, Paul. I will provide more details related to our first quarter 2017 financial results, as well as our business outlook for the second quarter. As a reminder, the financial measures that I'm going to provide are on a non-GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2017 was $54.8 million, a decrease of 40% sequentially and a decrease of 15% compared to the first quarter of 2016. As Paul explained, our first quarter revenue was impacted by the extraordinarily wet winter in California. We shipped approximately 138 Megawatts AC or 161 Megawatts DC in the first quarter of 2017, a decrease in megawatts of 30% sequentially and a decrease in megawatts of 6% on a year-over-year basis. The megawatt shipped represented 573,000 microinverters, which included a mix of our fourth, fifth, and sixth-generation microinverter systems. Non-inverter revenue which includes our AC battery storage solution and accessories, was consistent as a percentage of revenue with our fourth quarter results. GAAP gross margin for the first quarter of 2017 was 12.9%. Non-GAAP gross margin was 13.3%. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes approximately $239,000 of stock-based compensation expense. Gross margins in Q1 were also negatively impacted by lower revenue and volumes as our fixed overhead costs represented a much larger percentage of our revenue than anticipated. As I will discuss later in our guidance, we expect gross margin to return to normal levels in the second quarter, Non-GAAP operating expense was $20.2 million for the first quarter compared to $23.4 million for the fourth quarter and $28.1 million for the first quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP operating expense in the first quarter of 2017 excludes approximately $7.2 million of additional restructuring charges and $1.7 million of stock-based compensation expense. The restructuring charges related to severance, restructuring related professional services, and the consolidation of our corporate headquarter facilities and related asset impairments. We’ve taken several restructuring actions in the past three quarters to significantly reduce operating expenses and accelerate the timeline to profitability. These actions combined have resulted in approximately $38 million of cost reductions on an annualized basis and we expect these actions will bring our quarterly non-GAAP expense run rate to approximately $18 million beginning in Q2. Our GAAP operating loss was $22.1 million for the first quarter and our net loss was $23.3 million resulting in a loss of $0.30 per share, on non-GAAP basis, our operating loss was $12.9 million and our net loss was $15.6 million, resulting in a loss of $0.18 per share. Now turning to the balance sheet. Inventory levels were $33.8 million for the first quarter compared to $32 million in the fourth quarter and $45.6 million in the year-ago quarter. Inventory levels increased slightly sequentially as we prepare for the seasonally stronger second quarter. On a year-over-year basis, inventories decreased significantly due to improved inventory and working capital management. We exited the first quarter with a total cash balance of $30 million. During the quarter, we raised approximately $26.5 million in equity financing and a net $14.1 million from the amendment of our term loan. As of March 31, we had a $50 million balance on our term loan net of deferred financing costs. In summary, we believe the financing actions and restructuring initiatives we’ve taken over the past three quarters have helped to improve our liquidity and to create an operating structure that we believe positions us well to achieve maximum operating leverage, and of course, we remain committed to our goal of achieving sustainable profitability in the second half of 2017. Now let's discuss our outlook for the second quarter of 2017. We expect our revenue for the second quarter of 2017 to be within a range of $72 million to $80 million. Turning to margins, we expect [technical difficulty].
Bert Garcia: Yes. Hi, Brad. So, you're right. We do guide on revenue margin and OpEx. Of course if you extend that down, you can get the operating income middle of the range, it gives you of course about a $3 million loss on operating income again at the middle of the range. So as far as the outlook for cash and cash burn, we did burn some cash in the first quarter. When we look at Q2, we -- as we move into a seasonally stronger part of the year, we will burn a little bit of cash, but nothing on the order as we’ve seen in prior quarters. In fact, we’re down in the single-digit. We think that continues into 2017, the back half where we actually begin generating cash. So we’ve taken a lot of actions and a lot of work to make that possible. The restructuring effort that we've undergone so far, the $38 million certainly takes a lot of pressure for capital and cash. We're not done of course, but there has been a lot of work again towards the end of reigning [ph] in cash burn.
Bert Garcia: Yes. So on your first question, the need to raise more capital, there is nothing in the pipeline at this point. We think that the work we've done actually positions us pretty well to execute on a strategy for the balance of 2017 and into 2018. Thinking about the long-term model, I think that’s really what you're asking about is where do we see ourselves getting to from an operating income as a percent of revenue basis. I don't think 10% is overly optimistic. I think the benefit that we expect to see from not only the new products that we’ve introduced, but also the lower cost of products on the inverter side make that metric I think totally reachable again in a longer-term horizon, but we're talking quarters not years.
