Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So, Brian, at this point we are not breaking out exactly the battery storage revenue. But we already told you, we expect 8% to 10% average storage attach rate in Q4 of '20. So you can calculate that number and do some extra provision for yourself. But it is a significant amount in Q3.
Badri Kothandaraman: I’ll just tell you a general formula for calculating. Demand for microinverters is going to be the demand, whatever it is in the fourth quarter. At this time we have a general feeling that the market is picking up, so we expect that. So now you take with reference to the megawatts that we ship in the United States or North America, you take and you do an 8% to 10% attach of that. That gives you the rough number of megawatts attached storage. And that multiply by 2 hours will give you megawatt hours and that will give you a very reasonable number and that number is Q4 and you can interpolate what Q3 will be. And by the way, we are – like what I said, Q4 right now is demand limited – sorry, supply limited. We have – at this time, we are maxed out on our battery capacity in Q3 and we are bringing in capacities rapidly for Q4 and we are qualifying our second battery supplier in Q4. So we got a good story here on batteries.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, it depends. For example, in 2019 when we had the power set [ph] or capacity problem, at that time we were usually fully booked at the time of the earnings call. The last time when I told you, three months ago when I said, we are fully booked but we do expect cancellations due to COVID. This time, things look a little bit more upbeat. Obviously, I cannot predict what COVID will do August and September, but what we are seeing in terms of POS, we got a 26% improvement in North American POS weekly sell-through from June to April. We have 14% improvement from July to June in terms of the weekly POS. So we feel good in general. So we think 100% right now is a very healthy number.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. We have flexible manufacturing capacity. Our entire strategy relies on the fact we have a scalable model and we have low CapEx by definition, because our contract manufacturing partners are able to do a great job for us. We were able to increase our microinverter capacity, for example, in 2019 to almost 2.5 million units per quarter. There is no reason why that cannot be stretched if there is a sudden increase in demand. Now for that reason, now I went and qualified in our second contract manufacturer in Salcomp, Chennai and we do have two factories with our first contract manufacturer, Flextronics, both in China as well as Mexico. That’s under microinverter side. On the storage side in terms of battery capacity, we do have one supplier right now. We’re not happy with the capacity that we have. We are scrambling in order to get another supplier up and running very, very soon by the beginning of the fourth quarter so we can start addressing that demand. And if it is required, we will not hesitate to get a third supplier very fast. And my plan right now is getting the third quarter in the middle of 2021. So in general, I think we are pretty well set in terms of manufacturing.
Badri Kothandaraman: The IQ 8D product, let me just quickly elaborate about that product. It’s a microinverter for servicing two panels. It’s a 640 watt AC microinverter, outstanding power density and it’s able to address the key need of rapid shutdown with the traditional high-quality and customer service trademark of Enphase. And the main reason for us launching it is because it’s a natural extension of the residential market serviced by the same long-tail installers and distributors. So what have we done? We are making very nice progress on it. The design is completely done. And now we are basically working on the system performance. We already released preliminary information on the Web site. We think we can have beta piloting by the end of the year. That’s an aggressive date right now, but I’m holding my team to that standard. We’ll give a better update in the next three months, in the next earnings call, but we feel optimistic there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. First, let me actually come to Europe. Europe is a great story for us. Despite COVID, Q2 grew from Q1. We believe this is because we staffed the team really well. We basically had – we hired all the sales folks and we are actually expanding into more countries. And what they’re finding is in places like Netherlands, et cetera, simply because now we have more feet on the street, we are able to address more accounts, we are able to do more installer visits, we are able to win more distributors. So we are doing that well. And Netherlands and France are really – Netherlands, Belgium and France are really nice for us. In addition, we have started working Germany, we have started working Poland, we have started working Austria and that’s going pretty well. So I’m really happy with that team. And like what I said, in Q3 we expect much more significant growth compared to Q2. With reference to the U.S., we saw that California was a little bit down in April. We saw New York and New Jersey were also almost out in April. But we have seen healthy trends towards June. California is almost back. New York, New Jersey are back. Florida and Texas were quite strong in Q2. However, you guys all know that there is some minor setback or there is some setback in Florida due to increased COVID cases in July. It doesn’t seem to have affected the solar installations much, but you never know going forward. However, California, New York and New Jersey are still strong. So we are generally optimistic that demand is coming back. And like what I said, every week we see better point of sales, sell-through from our distributors to the installers versus the previous. Like what I said, July is 14% higher than June so that is what is happening in the U.S.
Badri Kothandaraman: Next year is too early to predict, Brad, but you are right. Predominant demand is from California and Florida. That’s most of the demand. And we have started – like what I said, we shipped pilot systems in June. We shipped it to a bunch of installers and they have been very happy with the product. What they like about the product is it’s an all-in one AC coupled system for solar and storage. It is ideal for long-tail installers who really value quality and service. We have this amazing feature which is the Power Start technology which uses a software approach to mitigate demand spike, so that appliances like air conditioners and pumps can be easily started with Encharge versus other competitive solutions. We have this modular architecture where you don’t need to add in very high quantum of energy, you add only in steps of 3.3 kilowatt hours of energy and that’s important. Because if you see even in our executive team, I have a 16.6 kilowatt hour and Eric has got 20 kilowatt hour, Jeff McNeil has got 23.3 kilowatt hour. So it matters. We are able to fine-tune the storage to exactly what they want because that’s an important thing. The UL 9540 certification based on lithium iron phosphate chemistry, safe chemistry, basically no cobalt, air cooling versus other systems that use liquid cooling, redundant microinverters. I have multiple microinverters in one Encharge 3.3 kilowatt hours – I have four microinverters in a 3.3 kilowatt hour battery. If one of the four is not working, it’s not the end of the world. The charging and discharging rate is going to drop a little bit, but it’s not the end of the world. The system will continue to perform. One more cool feature is the ability to go off grid through the app. And that I particularly like because it helps – it is cool. With a click of a button you’re suddenly disconnected from the utility. And you know what, I do experiments all the time. I spent a weekend completely off grid. My wife doesn’t even know it. So more and more – we hope more and more people would use that feature. We also gave the customers unprecedented insight into solar and storage performance. Like for example, from the app you’ll be able to see what the microgrid voltage is, what the frequency is. Every microinverter in every Encharge 3.3 kilowatt hour whether that is working, how does the connectivity look like and how much is each microinverter discharging. We provided lot of insights, so the homeowners who really want to know the details, they know it and they have the comfort that there is technology in the back working all the time. So that’s a key. And then the last one is an important one. Obviously, I have plug and play with the IQ microinverters, but now a lot of folks came to us and they wanted Encharge to be compatible to the M-series. So I’ve had a team of people going and working on this. And we are happy to say that we can release that towards the end of Q4. And I think that will be a big deal, because it will help easier upgrades for 300,000 homeowners, so we are excited about it overall, Brad.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Now that there’s Ensemble, I call this 1.0, this is now under control – storage is under control, the top most priority for the company is to work on 2.0, which is the IQ 8 PV, IQ 8 on the roof, which basically means a grid agnostic microinverter. And said another way, you have a free battery on your roof for 12 hours during the day. So basically, again, I expect a very similar timeline as IQ 8D. I expect in four months we will have pilot – we will start piloting towards the installers. And within a few weeks after that, we will be able to release that product.
Badri Kothandaraman: Look, Europe is actually doing extremely well and Europe, the amount of inventory in the channel is pretty less. The POS is nice. No concerns on the channel being full. In fact, the channel is lean right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. We agree with that concept. But the way we have done pricing is we say the next best alternative, we take that and we compare the value that we generate with respect to that. Our bread and butter are the long-tail installers. And these long-tail installers are really excited because they have for the first time an AC coupled all-in-one plug and play solar and storage system, ideal for them with the trademark quality and service. Quality and service matters. So I would say, like what I said in my annual report. The biggest reason for the growth of our company in 2019 was IQ 7, and IQ 7 was a fantastic product. But the key differentiator was highest quality [indiscernible] in our target. I’m not been shy to say our target is 500 dBm. 500 dBm means 0.05%. That’s our target. And IQ 7 helped us to come closer to that target and that helped us to get a huge market share. So very similar here. We got a great AC coupled system for both solar and storage, ideal for the long-tail. And then, like what I rattled, the intelligent brownout. That matters actually for homeowners when they want to run air conditioners and pumps seamlessly. The modular architecture means that the homeowner doesn’t waste more dollars than he needs to, at the same time modular architecture helps the installer really made the installer – install a breeze. The UL 9540 certification is important because that’s fire safety certification. That’s possible because the lithium iron phosphate gives you enhanced thermal stability compared to the other chemistry. Redundant microinverters, I already told. Air cooling is another big deal and installers like that because it is more reliable. You have air cooling versus a liquid cold system, right. The unprecedented insight into solar and storage performance and going upgrade through the app, we think the homeowners will love that transparency and that’s what they expect from Enphase. And the last one is, we have 1 million homes. Out of 1 million homes, there is probably a lot with IQ. There is 300,000 with M-series. By making it compatible seamlessly with those, we think we have a lot to gain there. So I hope I gave you some color there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. It’s too early to talk about 2021, but I’ll tell you what. The whole point of the M-series – people with M-series microinverters is they don’t need to upgrade their microinverters and they can buy Encharge storage from us. So obviously if I turn on all the 300,000 homes, if I start advertising through them, I need to have the capacity to be able to do that. So we need to thread that carefully, work with the homeowner as well and get a lot more capacity. The other interesting thing that you said is there will be many of the micro – many of these M-series guys who say, I want IQ 8 on the roof. And the IQ 8 on the roof is going to come, like what I said, we are going to start piloting towards the end of the fourth quarter. And so that – some of those 300,000 homeowners with M-series are going to say, I want IQ 8. So it’s too early to tell at this point. Maybe I’ll add more color in three months. And the good news is, we are going to have a lot of demand. That’s the bottom line.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We have made it clear that we like long-tail installers a lot. We like Tier 1 installers as long as they recognize the value that we have and we have a strategic relationship. We have a very good relationship with Sunrun. It’s too early to tell what your strategy is going to be after the merger. We are doing well with them. And the most important thing is our quality and our customer service. If we maintain that, there is no reason why we cannot have continued good relationship.
Badri Kothandaraman: They are not necessarily tied. However, they do have the base hardware architecture that was finalized a long time ago. They are two projects. Both of them average similar timelines. I do expect pilot runs, like what I said in December to installers. Based upon the feedback from them, a few weeks give or take from that time. So we expect a lot of revenue from those products in 2021.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we talked about the small commercial market as a nice extension of the residential market. We said the value proposition that we offer are basically rapid shutdown compliant, high quality, high customer experience. We also said there is no reason why we cannot get a fair share of this small commercial market, like the residential market. Obviously market share gains when you enter a new market take time, so there will be a linear ramp to it. But let’s say two years from the ramp – two or three years from the ramp, you should expect us to be at same market share on where we are at residential for small commercial.
Badri Kothandaraman: It’s obviously – the question has come up. You’re not the first one. We haven’t finalized our strategy yet, but I think it’s a good concept on basically using it for us in order to bolster our market share in Asia Pacific, Australia, for example, and we are still thinking about it. But the nice thing is the technology is amazing. We are able to get 50% higher power density there, which is great. So we’ll keep you informed.
Badri Kothandaraman: We have an operating model. The operating model is 35, 15 and 20. That’s how you should model. The Q2 was a little bit of an anomaly due to COVID, but in general that’s the financial baseline.
Badri Kothandaraman: Phil, it’s too early for me to talk about Q4. I don’t have any visibility on safe harbor shipments. We have no safe harbor revenue assumed in Q3 guidance. We already told you and leaned in a little bit forward, talked about the 8% to 10% storage attach. That’s what I can give you right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes is the answer. It’s going to be aligned to our corporate margins. And then we like how we have an excellent cost reduction program on the microinverters. We are using the same principles to drive world-class cost on the batteries, the cell packs, the BMUs, the battery controller, the enclosure, a time for switch. We are addressing everything holistically and we are making a lot of progress there. We are confident we can maintain our gross margins even in 2021.
Badri Kothandaraman: We normally do not break it out, but in this case because of COVID, because of our demand situation was less, the fraction that was manufactured in Mexico wasn’t that high. I would say it was less than 50% of the overall shipments.
Badri Kothandaraman: Expectations for Q3, we don’t really break it out, Phil. So I’ll ask Eric to talk about it or to give you the data. I don’t have it with me right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. In general, we are pivoting to online training. This is available right now or Enphase University is online. You can take – there are about eight courses on Ensemble that an installer has to take in order to achieve provisional certification. It takes several hours and you cannot go through that training without proper focus and understanding because there is quiz after each course. That’s going very successfully. About 130 for installer personnel have already completed that online training and in addition to those who completed face-to-face training at Enphase prior to COVID. In addition, we have 530 plus people basically taking the course as we speak and they usually have a cycle time of a couple of weeks in order to finish that course. The nice thing from that course is we have an NPS, Net Promoter Score, of 80%. That means everybody likes the course. They’re able to understand it. I have done the course myself; very intuitive, very nice. And we’ll adopt the same for IQ 8D. What we’ve realized from the Ensemble exercise is that it is a very complex system, got solar, storage, communication, transfer switch and so we have adopted the same approach on IQ 8D which is focusing on the end system and understanding the system performance versus thinking about it, like a micro, thinking about it holistically. We will make sure those aspects are included in the training for the installers and we’ll have the training online.
Badri Kothandaraman: The current install base is who we serve. We do business with almost 1,500 long-tail installers every year in the United States and this is our main – they are our customers. And they are serviced through distributors. They all have a nice storage demand, especially the long-tail installers in California and Florida. They have basically nice storage demand. And we already have them. They know us. They are very familiar with how to contact Enphase. They like our quality. They like our customer service. So they are the ones who are going to be ramping with us.
Badri Kothandaraman: When I presented to you guys, the investor community on the SunPower transaction, at that time I said one of the possibilities from that I was excited about was in addition to the North American business which was a commitment, there was a possibility of getting the international business, especially Europe and Australia. That’s now coming to fruition and it’s obvious, right. SunPower has an enormous success with their Equinox AC Module. And there is no reason why that concept will not work elsewhere. So they have made the right decision, which is to work with the best microinverter maker in the world. And now both of us are going together with the best panel on the market plus the best microinverter in the market.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. We are only scratching the surface there. Obviously, the Enphase University is a nice thing. The Enphase Installer Network is something that we introduced and this one is a powerful one. We classified installers into Platinum, Gold and Silver. These are the installers who trust us and we trust them. That was the best step that we did. But I think we have a lot – bigger plans in terms of digital transformation. The name of the game is how we can provide those installers the right tools and services so that we can maximize their productivity that it is going to be a no-brainer for them to chose Enphase all the time, every time. And that’s something that we are working on. And we will share a lot more things there when we are ready.
Badri Kothandaraman: It’s all about ramp. When you have a new product, you always have teething [ph] issues in the ramp. But here it is a combination of heavy increased demand that we see for the fourth quarter and what we saw in the third quarter. So it’s about ramping our current supplier and getting on capacity with the new supplier, ramping that new supplier and getting to our 480 megawatt hours that we talked about.
Badri Kothandaraman: On third-party storage, we have not taken a position right now. We say that everyone must use us right now. But there are companies – currently the existing storage systems, some of the most popular ones do easily work automatically with the Enphase solar system. So it’s not that we need to do something. It is that they already work.
Badri Kothandaraman: The impact of COVID was that our revenue declined by 22% overall, excluding safe harbor. That was the impact for the second quarter.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. We are no longer limited by the capacity in Mexico. And because of the reduced demand situation, overall, there was excess capacity and that’s a nice thing for us to work with the contract manufacturers, like Flex. So the Mexico factory was not loaded fully. And you saw our results that the inventory – we reduced the inventory in such a tough quarter. We dropped the inventory from $34 million to $31 million. That was excellent inventory management by the team. So Mexico is no longer a capacity problem. We do have all the capacity and we can – like what I said, we can make 1 million units per quarter – by Q4 '20, that’s not an issue.
Badri Kothandaraman: It is obviously based upon the demand profile that we have, based upon the bookings we have, based upon preorders we originally had and conversation with the distributors which are real, so yes.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So basically, look, our channel is distributors. Enphase ships product to distributors. Distributors ship product to installers. Installers install products at the homeowners, right. That’s how the supply chain looks. And when distributors place orders – obviously when we are not full, our cycle time is anywhere between six to eight weeks. When we are full, meaning when we are maxed out of capacity, that cycle time obviously will get extended. And typically now because the products are flying off distributor shelves, there that cycle time is truncated. And especially because of the fire season right now in Northern California and installs that are happening furiously right now. I’m giving you a long answer. It’s a – typical cycle time should be from when we ship to when homeowners get it installed in a typical time when I’m not constrained by capacity, it should be around a quarter.
Badri Kothandaraman: That’s where we need very strong contract manufacturing partners and we do have just in time inventory models. We work a lot of suppliers. This is what Flextronics does and we work really closely with them. And we are confident that we can ramp product at the same time, ensure that we don’t build excess inventory.
Badri Kothandaraman: And the product advantage as well, right. If you look within our Encharge, we have the microinverter within Encharge as well. So the same microinverter that’s on the roof is also within Encharge. So that helps in the inventory management side as well.
Badri Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again during the Q3 2020 earnings call. Goodbye.
Brad Meikle: Thanks for taking my question. Could you add any more color on the recovery that you saw in May, June and July by region across the U.S. and internationally? Thanks.
Brad Meikle: Thank you, Badri. Could you also add any color on – with the strong demand for storage, is that – how broad based is that regionally across the U.S.? Is it all California or how many states are you seeing participating in? I imagine a lot of it’s from North California where the outages are most severe. And then could you add any color on what the attachment rate might get to next year? Thank you.
Brad Meikle: Thank you very much. My last question is, is there any update on the launch and the ramp of the rooftop IQ 8 which would enable a solar array without storage to operate during the day? What percentage of volume do you think that could be next year? Thank you.
Eric Branderiz: It’s Eric. One more thing. We have planned capacity of 480 megawatt hours for next year, right? So that’s the starting point. The other thing, remember this upgrade program is going really well right now with the M190 series, which is a real success. So now we are talking about incorporating all the Ms, we’re going to be able to – if they choose to do so, take a batter to work with Enphase product. That’s another thing. The third one is, the same people may say, I may as well use this as an opportunity. I changed my mind. If we get a good deal, I can maybe try IQ 7 or even IQ 8, right, like Badri mentioned. So that’s kind of the mindset.
Eric Branderiz: So the COVID-19 situation already prompted pretty much everybody to become much more digitalized. But at the same time we launched EIN, which is Enphase Installer Network, with a high reward on NPS and a lot of things in terms of the quality of the design, the training capabilities, the market share of the installer in terms of using our technology and so on. So I think that all these things are converging and with the easy of the tools, small installers really appreciate being part of our platform, right. They don’t have resources necessarily to deploy our digital tools, some of them pretty sophisticated, right? So they need to have a potpourri of a variety of tools that they need to achieve or get through the Web. Here, we bring it altogether nice with a complete platform, with a great customer service and with the reward of a classification at the installer level. So it’s a perfect timing to [indiscernible] consolidate, we did it.
Eric Branderiz: As a matter of fact, these experiences that we have with flex [ph] and with the coronavirus, right, flexing the inventory levels and working with their inventory levels that the contract manufacturers, those were incredibly valuable because that is strengthening the connections from the business processes at very much lower levels, right, meaning we do know exactly how much inventory they have of every single component that they source for our systems. And they flex it pretty quickly, because they don’t want to have the inventory on their books and they can ramp it very, very quickly working with their suppliers. So I think we’re in good shape in terms of business processes there.
