Badri Kothandaraman: Colin, it's a little bit early, but I'll share some of our current Nordic stats. In general, if I take a look at the market pricing, the market pricing, not our pricing, market pricing for a battery system is usually ranging from $600 per kilowatt hour for the big guys, the tier 1 guys to anywhere more than $1,000 per kilowatt hours for the long day guys. We will obviously price it appropriately taking the market dynamics into account. With regarding the cost structure of the sales, you asked, again, we have not going to break out the cost of a battery cells, but we have partnered already with one supplier who we are buying the ACB meaning the 1.5 to 1.2 kilowatt hour battery from and has given us extremely competitive pricing along with very high quality. We are in the process of signing an MSA with another very high-quality supplier with a great supply chain. So, those two will put us in a good position as far as both capacity and costs are concerned and we expect to be very competitive.
Badri Kothandaraman: The SunPower transition is going extremely well for us. They're very important customer. We will do whatever it takes to serve them well. Of course, when SunPower is ramping with the Enphase product, I mean, we had to basically work with them to ensure that the inventories position is right. And therefore, the numbers are little bit lower in this quarter. But yes, we had an extraordinary strength from all of the customers as well. And therefore, so even if their demand or if we ship less material to SunPower because of the inventory reasons, we made it up with the other customers. But going forward, we should start seeing that business ramping in Q2 of '19 and as we said before, so there's no change to what we we're thinking better.
Badri Kothandaraman: So we started with AC module in the late 2017 and LG was the first AC module partner. We are thankful to them for that. And then since then we've learned a lot on AC modules. We have now started shipping in AC modules only or the microinverters for AC modules to SunPower. We are shipping microinverters for AC modules to Panasonic, we are shipping to Solaria [ph]; I mean, AC modules, that is a cornerstone of our innovation where we basically absorb a certain activity in the field in the factory. And because of that we are able to reduce the installation time, we are able to improve on logistics, we improve on quality, we improve on training. So it offers extraordinary value. The installers, whoever have converted AC modules find it obviously difficult to go back to this screen. So, AC module is very important, we are continuing to work on it. It's becoming -- it's not that it's going to ramp heavily in one quarter but it is slow and steady growth. For example, in Europe we are working with a couple of very key modules vendors in order to introduce AC modules, we will announce when we are ready and we are also working with a few partners in APAC as well.
Badri Kothandaraman: Actually, 18 months back in page was in a very different place. The balance sheet was not in a great shape. P&L was hurting I think in the last 18 months with the hard work of a lot of people, we basically have done the corner. Our balance sheet is very strong now. We're starting to make money. So, our customers, a lot of the customers who were kind of nervous at that time to do business with us are now coming back. And most importantly our product innovation hasn't stopped even during the most difficult of times we introduced IQ 6 and IQ 7. And you know IQ 7 is a fantastic product. IQ 7 is best in class in terms of the number of components that has, the kind of power, the weight and in addition, the cable is a lot simpler cable. So product innovation has really been the root cause on why we are here. So, that combined with a great quality, great customer service coupled with a strong balance sheet, is the low cost probably of a lot of customers coming back. And having said that, where is this demand coming from? The demand is broad-based. It's coming from a lot of long-tail customers. In addition, we are seeing a bunch of tier 2 that's well cropping up. Of course, the AC modules are ramping, you know about that and Ensemble relationship is also important for us. Those are some of the vectors, I thought, of revenue growth.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. It's too early, Amit to talk about the guidance or the second half, but we feel good. We have a lot of positive things happening. Ensemble is going to get released in the fourth quarter with the focus on the residential storage market. We are very excited about that. But we are going to take it one quarter at a time now.
Badri Kothandaraman: In the long-term, you should always expect a little bit of expedite, which is 1% to 2%, but anything in the 3% to 4% etc., is egregious that needs to go away. And it's probably going to go away only early next year or maybe the latter part of this year, which we will see. And again, Infineon is instrumental for us because we signed the contract with Infineon that a neighbor is a steady stream of supply in the second half with, in fact, some of it starting Q2. So, we expect some levels of expedite always.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, it is true. We did raise the pricing by 5% on April 1, correct in North America. With regarding the pricing trends, I mean we see pricing to be sealed right now. And like what I said, we are going to take it one quarter at a time, but right now we see pricing flat.
Badri Kothandaraman: Phil, unfortunately, I cannot break up numbers for Q3 and Q4, but I'll say the same thing as told Amit. I mean we had had a very good spot in terms of the business. A lot of the business strength is due to the long-day tier 2 AC modules and our relationship with the SunPower is typically. Historically, you know that for the solar business in our Q3 and Q4 are usually good. But you know, having said that, you know the kind of business, the kind of government in our conditions we are at so anything can change. So, we are going to take it one quarter at a time, but we feel good.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's a little bit early, but let me tell you my line of thinking. We take all of the product qualification seriously. The Mexico product will be treated like a new product. We will not release it until we are absolutely confident that it is as reliable and as high-quality as the China version. So, basically, we are going to -- we are not going to get ahead of ourselves. We are confident of getting the qualification done in this quarter. We will do a soft, what we call it, the soft ramp. We will do it. We'll do a focus group, we'll start with a few customers then we will introduce year on a broad scale. That's the color that I can provide right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. As we said in the script, the 32% to 35% gross margin guidance includes a 250 to 350-basis points spending per component charges.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean it's too early for us to be talking about the nature of the human race now. We know that our customers have a need and right now it looks like it's going to be more of the microinverters, but we don't have the right details to share with you and that will be available in the next three months and we'll share it with you eventually.
Badri Kothandaraman: So Brad, you're right. I mean we are planning for a 2-million-unit capacity in Q4 of '19. We are putting in place measures that's how you saw the Infineon press release, etc., that's going to help us in terms of component shortages. And having said that, I will go back to our profitable top line growth vectors. I mean the root cause of our profitable top line growth vectors is a clean balance sheet. Now it's a great P&L and most importantly, our IQ 7 product. And that product with the highest quality in terms of great PPM long-term target is 500 DPPM. That is the one that is driving a lot of strength and the strength is obviously across the board. And as you know, it's no secret, Enphase is primarily focused on long tail customers because we think long-day customers are -- we have a great value proposition for long tail customers. Very often, they have crews of four to eight people in total and they do a limited number of jobs and all they want is to make sure their product is very high-quality and that customer service, when they come with a problem it is solved immediately. So, first call resolution is super important for the long day. And our job is really where we excel is to make that easy. So, smooth for the long tail, it's so easy to use our product that they just -- when they buy an Enphase product they hopefully will not switch to anyone else. So, that is our fundamental value proposition of the long tail. So, we are seeing a lot of strength across long tail. In addition, we are seeing some of the tier 2 customers, they are also growing in strength. As we talked about AC modules, we talked about Panasonic, which we did a press release. We talked about our great partners, SunPower, we talked about Solaria, we have a few more in the works. So, that is yet another AC module that makes long tail a lot more easier because it's just again, so easy to use. It absorbs a lot of field activity into the factory and it comes to very high quality because it's already preassembled. So, these all are actually together driving a lot of strength for us. It's too early for us to be talking about the second half. But like what I told you in the call historically, Q3 and Q4 are strong for the solar industry. And I hope it is true now too. And the Safe Harbor is another piece as well which we need to get visibility on. So, what we are doing this to prepare the company for the long-term. Irrespective of whatever happens in the short-term, we want to make sure we have the right capacity for the long-term. And for now, we have decided it is that number, 2 million units, getting to a 2 million unit capacity number in Q4 '19 and we'll keep you informed as we know better.
Badri Kothandaraman: Brad, I'm not going to speculate about market share because that involves that means I know the total available market and I don't really know what will the total available market before for the latter half. But what I can tell you at this time, I consider that, yes market share is important. But for me, the way I think about market share it is an output of a lot of things. And what is an input? Is can I solve customer's problems? Can solution be so easy for the customer to use and how can I innovate to solve customer problems better than the competition? And how can I differentiate better and therefore how can I maintain the value on my product? That is the most, most important thing and that's why you see a product like Ensemble; Ensemble addresses a problem that you still -- solar still works when the grid is off; so that is a problem that we took as we addressed that problem. AC modules; we wanted to absorb the field activities into the factory so that installers will reduce the installation time, making it easier for the installation partner while the Ensemble makes it easier for the homeowner. We believe in order to generate a lot of value, we need to focus on both our homeowner as well as our installer partner. And that's really how we drive the company to focus on innovation and differentiation and creating value.
Badri Kothandaraman: So Pavel, the embedded range 32% to 35%; number one. The second one is we are talking about an increased revenue number and like what I said, some of the extra supply from supply agreements is going to trickle down into of '19, but most of it in the second half of '19. Having said that, it is a delicate balance between exactly the dates the customer needs product because they're going to go lines down, and the date we can supply. So, therefore, Q2 will still have expedite fees to the tune of 250 to 350-basis points, there is already enough gross margin guide.
Badri Kothandaraman: Look, I mean we are running the company with anonymous focus on quality and this started not only -- right from when we started the company, after the first year or two, we learned that the cornerstones of the company are customer service and product innovation. That's what we learned. So, basically if you look at our microinverter, if you look at our competition, the way other people do is a traditional microinverter has got two stages. We do it in one stage and we do it in one stage because we have an AC and that AC provides -- the AC has got a calculator on it that basically is predictive and it is able to reduce the number of stages from two stages to one stage. Because of that, there's reduced number of components. Because there's reduced number of components, the quality is inherently better and that gets better and better and better with every microinverter generation. The second aspect is because we use lesser number of components and lesser number of stages, we generate lesser heat, which means that our efficiency is higher. Because we generate lesser heat, we do not need metal casing. A plastic casing would do. So, it is architecturally, we have designed the product that is correct by construction for quality and our quality principals, the way we beat on quality in the last two years it is a business process that is ingrained in us, which is we go into a room, we understand the failures that came in during that week, we are relentlessly until we dig deep and understand the reasons on why exactly the failure happened. And many of the failures like, for example, 70% of all the failures are usually related to our suppliers. Then we are dogmatic about going back to them and saying, "You need to change your design or we are going to remove you from the bill of materials." So, that's the process that we are getting better at. We are not perfect today, but our long-term target is 500 DPPM 500. DPPM is 0.05%. We are not there today, but our quality principles are something that we very strongly believe in and that's how we run the company.
Badri Kothandaraman: I think it's a good question. I need to debate it with my CFO, but I think it looks like that may not be a bad idea.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, we you have two customers that are actually definite an emerging customers because they actually emerge from tier 3 or tier 4 to tier 2 and on the rate to tier 1. So yes, they're sustainable. Yes, they've had a long-term relationship with us. Yes, they helped us when we were down in the dumps. They actually helped us. So, the end of yes.
Badri Kothandaraman: So, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again on our call next quarter.
