Paul Nahi: So, Edwin, there was not much of a year in jump in UK for us. As you correctly note, the UK market has been severely affected by a reduction, almost elimination of the feed-in tariff. We’ve seen a slow decrease once that announcement was made throughout the end of the year in 2015, so nothing dramatic there. And in reference to price declines, yes, we have been aggressively reducing pricing really since Q4 of 2015. So certainly that would be accounted for in the Q1 revenue.
Paul Nahi: So in reference to the last question, the cost reduction initiatives are going extremely well. The product that we will be introducing the end of this year is already in alpha testing, is up and running in the lab. We are filling very, very confident in our ability to achieve the cost reduction target, while increasing reliability, while increasing performance with that product, so increased confidence there. And increased confidence in the work we are doing for the product that will come out in 2017 as well. So the guidance we gave about 25% this year and 25% next year is well on track. In reference to the transition from the one generation to the next, it’s a very smooth long-term transition. A lot of it is dependent on the availability of higher power modules, which is something that we really can’t predict. We don’t expect any dramatic shift at one time or the other, but just a soft transition over the next number of quarters.
Paul Nahi: So the demand for storage is coming from pretty much every geography we’re in, whether it’s Latin America, obviously America, Europe, as well as Asia-Pacific region. We have been in very clear that we are launching initially in Australia. So by the end of this year, I expect to have products both in Europe and in the U.S. as well. So for us, it’s a matter of just managing the engineering resources we have to get the product certified and available in the new geographies. The fundamental architecture is the same. The fundamental product is the same, just a minor of modifications and certifications necessary for the different regions. I will take this time to point out the fact and reiterate the fact that, to our knowledge the ability to install 5 kilowatt hours of storage, not just battery, but the entire storage system by one person in under two hours is simply unprecedented. And installers and customers worldwide are clamoring for this product right now, in part because of its modularity and simplicity.
Paul Nahi: So the answer is that our next generation product absolutely does provide some of the feature that allows us to move into more and more European countries. However, the decision to move and the decision on timing to move into new countries is not just dependent on the technical applicability, but also the application of our human resources. So we are planning to move into new geographies this year. Certainly, the new products that we are introducing will help accelerate that. But we are going to look at doing it in a way that keeps our OpEx under a very manageable level.
Paul Nahi: So that’s actually a very good point and I would agree with you that the Tier 2s and the Tier 3s certainly do benefit tremendously from the ITC extension. And in many cases what we’ve seen that the Tier 2s and Tier 3s have, for the most part, very strong business model themselves. They are using - they have access to multiple forms of financing, and we’re seeing whether it’s a cash, whether it’s leases, whether it’s loans. And we’re seeing that segment of market grow in a very healthy manner. So I think we’re certainly - we certainly have a great presence in the Tier 1s with the exception of one customer, Solar City. We are in every other Tier 1 and in many cases growing sharing those Tier 1s. At the same time to your point, the simplicity of an Enphase system, the ease of design, ease of installation has definitely attracted a lot of the Tier 2s and Tier 3s. And we’re seeing their businesses being very, very healthy right now and growing considerably.
Paul Nahi: So C&I right now is give or take 15% of our total number. We see that to stay relatively stable over time. We’re doing very well in the commercial market. We are - we are getting some new design wins all the time. We have some things happening in Latin America that are very, very exciting in that avenue as well. At the same time, we are very focused on the development of a residential energy system, which includes storage and load control and energy management. We see that as a huge potential that leverages a lot of our capabilities, a lot of our strengths. So while we continue to exploit the commercial channel, we’re going to focus most of our R&D dollars right now on the residential energy system.
Paul Nahi: Right. It’s a great question. We have long been a proponent of leveraging the solar systems out there as grid assets and leveraging that for both increased visibility on the grid as well as more and more control and stability. To your point, our relationship with One Electric [ph] has proven to be very beneficial I think to both parties. And it did represent the first time we’ve been able to monetize those features. We just recently presented at DistribuTech and the result there was probably just short of overwhelming. We are now engaged with multiple utilities all across the U.S. in many different ways, whether it’s to help in terms of grid stabilization, whether it’s to work with them on the rollout of solar programs in their regions. The solar systems there will also act as resources for the grid, to help stabilize the grid. So there is a tremendous amount of work going on within groups inside of Enphase to accelerate that. The only challenge there is that utilities by definition tend to move a little bit slower. So I think that in terms of materiality we are looking at probably 2017. But there is a tremendous amount of work going on today and there is work - we were going to be in trials with multiple utilities across the U.S. both for storage as well as solar as assets and as controllable assets on the grid this year.
Paul Nahi: And in reference to the last part of your question, yes, we are being very aggressive on price for all the reasons we’ve said. That coupled with the total revenue number, the total unit number, which would mean a slightly higher fixed cost absorption may account for some of that. But we are being very aggressive on pricing.
Paul Nahi: No, all that’s played through. We are looking at - we ended Q4 with a very normal inventory level, and we fully expect to end Q1 with very normal inventory level. So that shouldn’t affect our numbers.
Paul Nahi: So I think I understand your question. Right now, when you look at the storage system, really by far the most expensive component in that is the chemistry itself. And the chemistry itself is still expensive, in part because the market that we’re talking about fixed storage is still brand new. We are in the very, very early days, really in the infancy of this industry. So I think there is a tremendous amount of headroom for the cost of the chemistry to come down in the coming years. And if I understand your question correctly, I think the supposition you’re making is exactly correct, that there is going to be significant elasticity in this market. And as that pricing comes down and I think it can down in terms of hundreds of dollars per kilowatt hour. It is going to open up new markets and it is going to make storage more viable for a larger part of the population. Having said that, we are also working on cost reduction in the storage arena both on the inverter side obviously, as well as well on the mechanical design as well. It is worth at this point I think pointing out that, and I’ve said it once before so forgive me for repeating myself, but for one person to be able to install 5 kilowatt hours of storage in under two hours is in it of itself a tremendous cost saving for installers. So the combination of the architecture that we have that allows for that modularity and simplicity coupled with the headroom we have on the chemistry pricing coming down, I think will open up the markets very dramatically in 2017 and 2018 and beyond.
Paul Nahi: So we really can’t speak to the specific cost of the chemistry as a component of our system. But what I can say is that the cost will be coming down in the range of hundreds of dollars per kilowatt hour in the coming years. So it is a little bit expensive right now, but still creates a cost-effective solution and will be getting more cost-effective over time.
Paul Nahi: So we’re not seeing anything about warranty issues with our customers. Our RMA rates right now are the lowest they’ve ever been in the history of Enphase. And I would venture to say that we are most probably the most reliable product in the market, period. So I think if you talk to our customers, and these are our customers worldwide, one of the hallmarks of an Enphase system is its quality. We invest a tremendous amount to ensure that every unit that goes out is that represents Enphase in terms of its quality and reliability. And we’re seeing the results of that with the units in the field.
Paul Nahi: Right, right, right. I am glad you said that, because it is very, very early days. And I think any level of specificity would be premature right now. I can share with you some general discussions that we’ve had, and nothing has been contracted yet. So these are really more discussions about intent and ideas as opposed to an actual business model. But utilities are looking at wanting to control these resources, again for both visibility on the grid, as well as stability on the grid, and whether it’s done through a discount of the system itself to the homeowner, while allowing the utility to control it for some number of hours or some period of time a day, that’s one option that’s being bantered around. And another one is that the system will go - the system will be installed and that the consumer will be paid a certain amount for its usage by the utility, which would be contracted to be no more than a certain number of hours in a period of time, which is more of a sort of a several revenue potential for the consumer. In either of these cases, Enphase’s role would be that of the DER resource controller. So we would be managing the actual resources, taking cues from the utility; and then through our software, through our communications technology making the appropriate provisions to those asset to either deliver VArs, to change a profile, whatever is necessary to help stabilize and enhance the grid.
Paul Nahi: So what we have said in the past, Phil, is that we are anticipating at 25% costs reduction. We haven’t really telegraphed anything about pricing yet. That depends on a lot of other factors, everything from competition through geography and many others. So I am not comfortable right now telegraphing that. What I will say is that we are putting ourselves in a position to be more and more aggressive on pricing to take further and further market share. And we plan to do this not just in 2016, but in 2017 as well.
Paul Nahi: And in your reference to your last question about storage, we’re not ready yet to give sort of guidance on that. The demand is tremendous. And as I said, the demand is coming from almost every region we’re in right now. But it’s very early days and we are still trying to explore what the real demand actually is. So I think more to come on that.
Paul Nahi: So we’re very bullish on it. I think what the ITC extension did is it took some of the pressure off of 2016. So perhaps the backend of 2016 won’t be as great as it was. But we’re still anticipating something north of 40% this year, year over year. And what will hopefully be a more stable growth in 2017 and 2018 and beyond. So the mix of customers may very well change, but I think we’re seeing just in general very healthy growth.
Paul Nahi: So we don’t guide full year megawatt shipments. So you wouldn’t have heard that from us. And in terms of seasonality I think there is nothing necessarily unusual that’s going to happen in 2016 that’s different than years past. The only thing that could have disrupted that was, if the ITC had not been extended. But given this extension, I don’t think we are going to see any abnormal patterns this year.
Paul Nahi: Right. So what we have said, what we’ve reiterated, is that our target gross margin is 35% to 40%. That target is not changed. Clearly in a very aggressive pricing environment, we have to get in front of cost with price, which is adversely affecting our gross margin right now. But having said that, we believe that our cost reduction coupled with the additional features and the benefits of an Enphase system will allow us to see gross margin expansion in a more meaningful way, perhaps sometime in 2017. What we have seen repeatedly is that if Enphase is at or even slightly above competitive offerings, the customer will choose Enphase. And they’ll choose Enphase because we are easier to design, easier to install, more reliable, far easier back-end logistics. We just make the system lot easier. And that simplicity is doing nothing but getting better with the advent of the AC modules. It does nothing but get better with the advent of an AC Battery and the AC Combiner Box. We have effectively reduced all the elements of a system to its most basic, to turn a solar system into a plug and play system. So with that and with our cost reduction, we feel that - we still feel very comfortable in the target gross margin. However, for the next number of quarters we are not focused on gross margin. We are going to continue to focus on market growth, on customer acquisition, and going into new geographies and so it’s really more about top line and market share.
Paul Nahi: By the end of 2016, so, yes, we are on track to ship to Australia, no change there. As we’ve said, beyond Australia we plan to be both in Europe and the Americas, with storage this year in 2016. So I expect to be in multiple countries by the end of the year. Again, the fundamental system doesn’t change, but there is an issue of certification and there are some localization that has to occur for each country and we are just trying to manage our engineering resources to best leverage them and moving to as many countries as possible.
Paul Nahi: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us on our call today. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Michael. First of all, Q4 and Q1 this year are somewhat abnormal, because in Q4 we went through this inventory correction in the distribution channel. But thinking about seasonality, yes, Q1 is our softest seasonal quarter and so we do expect the business to grow sequentially in the second and third quarter. And then, the fourth quarter is kind of flat to slightly up. So we do expect the same seasonality going forward.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So historically ASP per watt has come down on or above 10% year over year. But in the second-half of 2015 we’ve adopted a more aggressive pricing strategy. And so currently, let’s say, second-half of 2015, you are looking more at mid to high teens in terms of ASP reduction on a price per watt basis.
Kris Sennesael: So let me answer maybe the first part of the question on accessories. So quarter to quarter we see some fluctuations there. In some quarters it has been as low as 20% and other quarters it has been as high as 35% of total revenue, but it tends to fluctuate a little bit. It’s obvious that Q3 of 2015 was on the low-end of that range, Q4 was on the high-end of that range. Looking forward, we do believe it will be more at the high-end of that range, because we have added a lot of additional features and functionality to our accessory product offering. We have now an Envoy including a revenue grade meter. We have the AC Combiner Box. We offer a cellular connection and so on and so on. And so that definitely helps to increase the revenue from the accessory part.
Kris Sennesael: Well, of course, we recognized revenue on a sell-in basis and so inventory in the distribution channel is important for my revenue level. The inventory on our own books doesn’t have any impact on revenue level. As stated before there, we ended Q4 with $40.8 million of inventory, which is still a little bit on the high-end. But as I explained before, Q1 is a seasonally softer quarter. We do expect some substantial revenue growth in the second quarter and the third quarter. And that will help us to improve our inventory returns or reduce the inventory days outstanding.
Kris Sennesael: That is correct, that is correct. So we did some restructuring in the fourth quarter, brought it down below the $30 million per quarter. While at the same time, of course, making sure that we have the adequate resources to go and execute on our two main focus items: the first one, execution on our product cost reduction roadmap; the second one, delivering on our energy solution strategy. And we believe we have those resources, and will enable us to go and execute on those two key focus items while keeping the operating expenses below the $30 million per quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So, Phil, so U.S., non-U.S. is roughly 85-15. I think in the quarter, we were getting to 16% by now international business. We definitely expect to grow our U.S. business. There is a lot of timed growth and we feel good about our ability to go and gain market share in that U.S. residential market. But at the same time as well there is plenty of opportunity for us to continue to grow our share in the international markets. As you know, we are doing pretty well in Mexico and some other Latin American countries. In Europe, we are doing very well in France. We are probably the number one player there with 25%, 30% market share. We are growing our share in the Netherlands. There is a little bit of a setback in the UK, because of the feed-in tariff reduction there. And that will hurt all the players in that market. And then, last but not least, of course, our business in Australia and New Zealand and some other Southeast Asian countries there, but especially Australia is growing very well. We are getting into double-digit market share there in a very attractive market. And so, when you put it altogether, I do expect in 2016 our international business to grow faster than our U.S. business. In terms of commercial I think, Paul, already addressed that. But it’s approximately 15% of our revenue. We continue to see some good demand for our dedicated commercial product as well as addressing that commercial segment with our normal microinverter. We see that in the U.S., we also see that in Australia and then some in Latin America and in Europe as well. It is definitely somewhat opportunistic, because we are making a lot of investments in our home energy system, but we do believe that also in commercial we will - that business will grow at or about the same speed as our residential business. And so, we’ll maintain at or about 15% of our business.
Kris Sennesael: So in Q4 it was only one customer and it’s our largest distributor, of course, which is serving hundreds of installers. So I don’t really look at that as being a customer concentration there. It’s a distributor that is serving multiple installers. And that was the only - that one distributor was the only one customer more than 10%.
Kris Sennesael: No, we’re already tapping into that working capital facility with Wells Fargo. It’s in up to $50 million working capital facility that is committed. We have accordion feature or uncommitted $25 million in addition to that. And we extended the maturity date till November of 2019. That facility is available to us. We are tapping into it. At the end of 2015 we drawdown $17 million out of it, and they end up, so that’s basically what we do with the line there.
