Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, thank you, Phil. We are very happy with our demand on batteries. So I will give you some color on how we have done in the last year. First of all, our battery DC coupled its modular low voltage DC operation uses lithium ion phosphate, which is extremely safe chemistry, air cooled, no need of any fans. Additionally, we offer 15-year warranty, no single point of failure. Through the last year, we have offered load control. We have offered power start generator compatibility. And all of those are the bells and whistles that we have continuously added on top of our batteries, the basic functionality. In addition, the most important thing I am proud of, we have trained over 2,000 installers, long-tail installers, it’s no secret that long-tail installers is Enphase’s bread and butter. We have trained 2,000-plus installers, installation companies that and then out of that 2,000, there is 1,300-plus installers who are certified, which is they have done an installation, they took the training, they did an installation and recertified them, extremely difficult to do one installer at a time in the last year. And we believe that’s the reason why our business is very strong and diversified. At the same time, in the last year, almost on a weekly basis, we have done weekly roundtables with our installers, where in every meeting we have 10-plus installers around and they are not afraid to talk about issues. And I am not saying we are perfect. But what we promise installers is we take feedback, we work on it, we improve our product and we make our product better and better and better. That’s why you saw us growing 53% from Q3 to Q4. And those are nice numbers by the way. From a supply chain perspective, every quarter, we are doing better on batteries, but it is no secret that the logistics challenges are global. And that’s what is causing a 14 to 16-week lead time on batteries. When do I expect it to get better? I expect it to get better continuously throughout 2022. And it is global, nothing specific with Enphase. Of course, we have pockets of shortages here and there, but our team has become excellent at navigating all of those very well. So, I expect continuous growth on batteries throughout the year. I am not going to give you a number on when we will break the 180 megawatt hours. And if we break the 180 megawatt hours soon, our cell pack suppliers are willing to flex and they will take us to a little bit more. So we are not worried about that too much. Right now, we are focused on servicing customers properly, adding new installers and making sure we improve customer experience.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are not breaking out the battery gross margin. The overall company gross margin was 40.2% in Q4 and I will talk, I will give you guys some general color on gross margins. In the last year, the overall industry, almost all industries have seen lot of component shortages and logistics problems, which is from a component cost perspective, the costs have increased significantly and the same thing on logistics, a container before which was $3,000 is now $18,000 6x increase. So, our costs have gone up. But what our team has done is remarkable, which is both our microinverters and batteries, we are able to still take costs up. Yes, couple of examples, which I mentioned in the Analyst Day, was the bulkhead. The bulkhead on our microinverter, that’s the project we have been talking about for some time, it is a painful learning for us, but it’s a very important project, because it helps us to remove when adapter cables shipped with the microinverters. And if we ship, I mean if we remove that adapter cable, the cost of the microinverter obviously goes down. So with initiatives like that, our cost has actually gone down, but because of the component shortages, the suppliers have raised, yes, I know cost on that, which is understandable and due to inflation as well. So, similar on batteries. On batteries, the same dynamics with reference to suppliers, what are we doing about it? Everyday, we work on the tactical stuff, how can we optimize enclosures, how can we optimize the battery management circuit? And then we are going to introduce a product in second half of 2022, where because we are going to increase the modularity a little bit from a 3.3 kilowatt hours to 5 kilowatt hours, we gain economies of scale there. So, that’s going to help us improve the cost on batteries come the second half of 2022 structurally. In addition, on top of that I showed you in the Analyst Day that early 2023, we will have a radically new structure at least for power conversion and battery management, where we integrate both power conversion and battery management into a single board both hardware and software unified. And then there is only one board between the battery and AC line versus we have seven boards that we showed you in the Analyst Day. So, we are extremely excited by that product and that will help us to get even more click down on costs as customers expect the optimal pricing from us. So, hopefully, I gave you some color. And so we are quite confident of the gross margin trajectory. And we are going to make a lot of progress soon.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, like what I said, the product mix, we are talking about a drop from 40.8%, I think in Q3 to 40.2%. So it’s kind of very small, we are talking about. We just broke it out saying that on storage, we basically exceeded the higher end of guidance, so slightly depressed. But all the comments I just talked about on margin are true and the margins have been understandably because of inflation, because of increasing component costs and because of increased logistics, which I pointed out, there is always pressure on gross margins, but we are able to counter it. That’s what we do. We have a world class cost taskforce on both microinverters and batteries. We are not starting to work on anything. We work on capacitors, we work on transformers, we work on semiconductors, we work on transistors, we work on parting and I told you the big stuff like the bulkhead, but we work on numerous things at the same time. So we don’t distinguish between microinverters or batteries. The company continues to get healthier all the time. So when the component shortages go away, the supply chain constraints go away, the logistics constraints go away, then we will have structurally better gross margin.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, the pricing increase is only from March. So, it’s not going to be for the full quarter. I would say, impact of pricing increase is not going to be much. In terms of microinverters you all know that Q1 is seasonally down, but yet our business is not down. Batteries is a 15% increase. So, if you assume $600 to $700 or $600 to $800 per kilowatt hour is the price range, you can calculate it yourself. So, you can see that there is steady growth on both businesses both microinverters and batteries.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we are not breaking ClipperCreek out right now. With regarding gross margins, I already said the gross margins of ClipperCreek are in line with Enphase, so you can assume that. With reference to battery price increase, the price increases are beginning in March. So, the contribution for Q1 is a little bit less. But do I think that will influence demand? I mean, I don’t think so. It is fairly inelastic right now. Our backlog is quite high. The customers do understand we are taking care of them wherever we are able to. They know that we don’t pass all of our cost increases. We try to absorb them. And we only pass whatever we feel like we have to – so and we are going to give them plenty of time and that’s why it is effective in month. We give them plenty of time to adjust very transparent to them. So, we are not worried about demand.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So I will give you some numbers for context. We grew 53% from Q3 to Q4 and a 15% growth from 100 is not too shabby. That’s our comment. Yes, we would like to grow 30%, but I already told you the comment on our lead time is 14 to 16 weeks, our backlog is very strong. Our lead time is 14 to 16 weeks due to logistics. The logistics situation will ease up every quarter a little bit. So, we expect to continuously grow. If it is, whether it will be 30% or not, I cannot make a comment on but we are very happy with our performance on batteries. And Brian, the last portion of the question, can you please repeat so I can answer.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. If I were to see the situation before December and after December, I wouldn’t say, if I were to extrapolate to the situation, I would not say that has been called through. And I am not sure if I can predict Q2, but you saw that the PD decision is delayed. I don’t know when the new schedule is, but that’s good news in general. I guess the installers are taking a breather right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, our general philosophy is anti-dilution. So we look at okay, saying, how do we compensate for that? And we decided to do share buyback. So, we first look at do we have enough capital for the needs of the business, the daily needs of the business? Do we know – if we want to invest in contract manufacturing lines, if we want to do something on batteries do we have capital for that? That’s what we see first. And then we basically look at okay, are there any M&As that are in the hopper, where we can truly increase the value of the enterprise. So we look at that next. And we have – we evaluate a lot of companies every quarter. And then if we find we have enough for number one, we have enough for number two then we go down to number three. And number three, what we say is okay, am I confident that the share price today is below the conservative intrinsic value for the company. So, I look at that and then I make decisions, I may not hit it, I may not get the lowest stock price, lowest stock price over a period, but I know I bought it, because I consider the stock price below the intrinsic value of the company and that to a conservative value. So, that’s our thought process. And so for the year, we did – we had roughly over 3 million shares which was about 2.4%, which is a pretty healthy number. And you should expect that philosophy from us going forward, we still have about $200 million left out of the $500 million authorized by the board and we will execute on it when we think the time is right.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, just to tell you, you are right, lead time is 14 to 16 weeks. So we have good visibility, good visibility on the situation in Q2. And because now we have time for Q2, we are getting things ready. And like what I said, our business is very strong. But we are not going to guide Q2 for now. I am going to have Raghu talk about the NEM situation and how he sees it that playing out.
Badri Kothandaraman: It’s still included in the functionality of the hardware. The way we think about, of course, we have businesses like Solargraf Pro. We have businesses like Pronto now, which are software type businesses, but if you asked me in reference to upgrade features etcetera, the way we think about it is we want to offer more and more and more features utilizing machine learning and AI, but with a view to improve customer experience. And so the data that we collect, the consumption data, production data we have – we are not going to monetize it in the traditional sense and we are not going to aggregate the data and do strange things with it. Rather, what we are going to do is we are going to look at patterns in the data, we are going to basically develop algorithms, we are going to do regression, we are going to ensure that we improve the customer experience going forward. This is we can do production forecasting, we can do consumption forecasting, we can do grid services events properly. We can figure out if it is possible to predict the grid stability and provide customers an earlier warning before. So, all of those for us are belong to the customer experience bucket. And our belief is if we do that properly for customers proactively, they are going to choose this all the time every time.
Badri Kothandaraman: Of course, it’s always worth monitoring, but the situation is a little bit better. So IQ8, we started ramping IQ8 in late December, so shift a little in Q4. IQ8 uses, I mean, the overlap between IQ8 and IQ7 is quite high except for the ASICs as you rightly pointed out. We don’t see any problems with respect to that ASIC supply right now. So we would be heavily ramping the mix of IQ8 versus IQ7, that’s our preference going forward.
Badri Kothandaraman: We haven’t finalized the location or the contract manufacturer yet. We are well under negotiations there. But typically what we do is when we install a contract manufacturing facility we put something called as a complete auto line, one full auto line. One full auto line is fixed, that’s about 750,000 microinverters a quarter. So, you can model that thing. We will have likely a full auto line and we need to finalize the location. We are going to try our best to get it operational by the end of the year and it will be capable of producing 750,000 microinverters per quarter.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Europe, we are excited at the prospects of growth there. We grew double in 2021 compared to 2020. Europe has been a little bit more advanced than the U.S. in terms of solar. And basically, the adoption is quite nice there. And we are very strong in Netherlands. We are very strong in France. We are very strong in Belgium. We just introduced storage in addition to solar that’s nicely ramping. Germany is one of the very exciting markets in Europe, which is probably over a gigawatt, 1 gigawatt solar and 80% attach of that for storage. And the reason it is 80% attach is most people do self-consumption because of feed-in tariffs there. They don’t have net metering feed-in tariffs. So, storage is strong. And actually Italy, we are entering Italy. And through our partner, Maxeon is our partner as well and they, with the help of AC modules, we are going to be ramping on solar in Italy. And now, we are going to add storage in Italy. Spain is very strong too. Spain is strong. Poland is strong. UK is starting to ramp up. So we have pockets of actually not even pockets, I’d say in many countries, which are in the process of ramping both solar and storage and we have plans to introduce storage through the year, one or two countries every quarter this year. So in general, we are extremely excited in the Analyst Day if you have seen in 2019. In 2019, I told you we had a handful of people in Europe, like 5 or 6 people and now that team we have probably we have 35 to 40 people today.
Badri Kothandaraman: Just started, we shipped it, we – late December is when we started ramping. And typically our profile, I would call a successful ramp four to six quarters, that’s what I call a successful ramp. And we expect IQ8 to fall within that range. Having said that, we do have installers, for example, like Semper Solaris. We did a press release, Semper Solaris switched to us, because of IQ8. And many installers love the sunlight backup feature. They love it. They may not use it as a significant fraction, but they love the fact that it’s got technology and that they can use it if they want. So they will buy IQ8 over IQ7.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I would say mix of both. Obviously, the market is growing and therefore we get our fair share, especially in places like Netherlands and France. And primarily what moves competitors or what moves customers to us is our quality and our service is as long as we are able to maintain our target 500 dppm which is 0.05% annual failure rate as long as we are able to maintain it on microinverters, as long as we provide outstanding customer service 24/7 to customers, we think we have the upper edge there. And so that’s the big reason why customers move over to us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, look, we can’t predict the future, but the reasons are very similar. People are tired of enduring bad quality product. And that’s the single most reason they come to us. We are a little bit expensive, but you cannot be looking at expense, you cannot be looking at pricing in vacuum. You got to be looking at the entire cost of ownership. And as long as we maintain our quality, like what I said that that’s the most important thing, which we are committed to and the customer experience that cannot let us down, we will continue to gain share.
Badri Kothandaraman: I will do a deep dive a little bit late. As you know, I thought we would be in production in Q1, but we are a little late. And the reason why we are a little late is we would like to take the time and do the full system. When I say the full system, I mean it is not just a microinverter which is already qualified and pass compliance. It is the gateway, the cloud software, the fleet management, the design proposal software, the permitting software. And the reason why we like the small commercial market is because it is an extension of residential market. In residential we service up to 20 kilowatts. That goes from 20 small commercial goes from 20 kilowatts to 200 kilowatts. And why is that important is the same long tail installers are the ones who participate in the small commercial markets. And that’s our focus. That’s our focus. That’s where we think we add a lot of value because the pain points are the same. It is quality and service. And we do have to pay attention to those areas and the challenges will be a little bit different as we go from 20 kilowatts to 200 kilowatts. We have used VLC for communication and now when you are doing it with hundreds of microinverters, those will be stretched. But we look forward to ramping with those installers we already know and do business with and we can do rapid shutdown as well, easily. So, that’s the major driving force versus other competition. So, in short, it’s the similar install base as residential. We have the relationships already. They need rapid shutdown. They need very high quality. They need great service. And it’s a natural extension for us from residential.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Like what I said, we are going to ship the select installers for a pilot ramp in Q1. So, we will have the smart revenue in Q1. But the real ramp will be over the next few quarters. This is not a – it’s not that when I am ready, I start ramping immediately from day one. It is – it will take some time for the market to develop there. So, you should expect over the next several quarters is when it will ramp to a healthy level. And we broke down those details in the Analyst Day.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I am not sure about the exact number. I would estimate something like 20% of the revenue, roughly, overall revenue.
Badri Kothandaraman: So, the BBB, the one in debate is $0.11 per watt credit for microinverters. And you know that we will never do manufacturing ourselves. We will enlist the help of our contract manufacturers. It’s quite attractive to have a made in America product with that kind of credit. And we do have contract manufacturers who are potentially lined up should this happen. Your question on how long it will take from when we select a contract manufacturer to when we can start ramping in the U.S. will take me six months to nine months.
Badri Kothandaraman: I think our business has fairly diversified that between the different states in Europe, between not just shipping solar, sorry different states in the U.S. And not just that we are shipping solar only, but you are seeing that solar plus storage is also many different states are now, tax rates are continuing to grow up, well beyond California, California, Florida, Texas, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, East Coast, etcetera. Grid services is becoming – the business of grid service is also continuing to grow. We talked about how fast Europe is growing over the year, more storage. We will start shipping storage into newer countries in Europe as well. So, in general and as well as countries like Brazil is continuing to grow. So, what you are seeing is our business being more and more diversified, not only within the U.S. or not only within California, but outside of California, other states in U.S. and in Europe as well. So, while we may see these occasional road bumps like an issue here in California, I think the business is pretty robust anymore, that we will be able to absorb those bumps.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, we have a strategy. The strategy is basically, selling best-in-class, our products or home energy systems, to homeowners through our installers and distribution partners enabled by digital platform. So, components of the home energy system, if you see we have solar, we have storage, we have grid services, compatibility generators, we have load control. We didn’t have EV before we bought EV chargers. We think EV chargers is you have – they need to be managed. And we bought them for batteries. We have fuel cell partnerships. There is nothing much to talk about it yet. We will talk about it when we are ready there. That’s on the home energy system. So, we will continue to add more and more things at the product level there if it is aligned with our strategy. And I am not – I cannot talk about any specific companies right now. On the installed digital platform there are six pieces, which I mentioned in the Analyst Day, which is lead management, which is an interesting area for us and we will inform and we will keep you informed when our plans are finalized there. So, that’s the potential area. Design and proposal software, we bought a company Solargraf Pro and we are making it a soft desk and we are making it a lot better by introducing shading, by introducing storage 3D, all bells and whistles, so we are making that better. Then permitting services, our team in Noida services nearly 30% of the entire North American solar business, solar permitting business, they do that today. And we are going to make that better in terms of injecting more automation, etcetera. Then we will come to commissioning software. There it’s homegrown and there is no way we are going to buy company for that. It’s got hundreds of man years of work in it and we are going to make the continuously better we have a very large team there. Then comes the enlightened mobile app. Yes, this is the homeowner app monitoring fleet management, etcetera, which again enormous investments, hundreds of man years and we will grow organically there. O&M, you saw the investments that we made in 365 Pronto. These are software platform that so we like it. And we are not going to get into the – O&M itself, we are not going to have traction letters, but we are going to enable transactions with a two-sided marketplace. Customers on one hand, service providers on the other hand and we connect both of them, the two sided marketplace. So, the two components you have to be thinking of is best-in-class home energy systems, best-in-class digital installer, digital platform. And whatever acquisitions we need for that we will do. But those will likely be smart acquisitions. They will be tuck-ins. There is no silver bullet.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So, I am going to articulate a little bit on what we are doing tactically, maybe for the next few months and then Raghu will talk about the vision on V2H, V2G. So, we are very happy with the acquisition of ClipperCreek. They already make very high quality level two chargers. They have shipped 110,000 of them, healthy revenue growing and the market is growing at a 40% CAGR. Like what we told you at the Analyst Day, and very nice gross margins, profitable business. So, we are very happy there. All that we want there is, immediately we want to do three things, give them a lot of scale. Scale means, only contract manufacturers can do it properly. So, professionalize that, that’s number one. Number two, is introduce chargers to our installers and distributors. And obviously, we need to make sure that the supply chain is robust there and that’s why, I said that we need to transfer to contract manufacturing first. Number three which is important is I have laid like every ClipperCreek chargers shipped from the contract manufacturer, to have connectivity. And that connectivity is extremely important, because we need to make these chargers intelligent. They need to be able to support, optimize tariffs. They need to be able to support charging on a schedule. They should help, support green electrons. If a homeowner says I want to utilize solar for my EV charging, he should be able to take that preference immediately and make that happen. It should be able to work with that Ensemble system seamlessly. So, connectivity will help us on those fronts. So, those are the three actions that we are thinking immediately. And then comes, international expansion is another one, which I should have said that that’s our short-term focus, which is Europe is a very big market for EVs. So, it’s obvious that we need to be in Europe. So, we are going to be – we are going to be starting to ramp heavily on that front, ramp up plans there. The last one is bi-directionality. So, Raghu is going to talk about that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, regarding the introduction of our installers, we think they will lap it up. They would love it, because solar plus storage plus EV charging, infrastructure setting up in your home, they would love that, because it isn’t that expensive. I mean with fully installed, maybe with all installation and EV charger installed will cost you $1,500. And if you couple it with solar plus storage, it might even be lower. And there is obviously tax credit, etcetera, that are in there. So, we think is a general positive. And that’s why we are excited to introduce it to our installers and distributors and globally as well.
Badri Kothandaraman: That’s right. It’s relatively a simple product to get installer some education, but not terribly complicated. And of course, we got to get the secret sauce, right, which is to make sure that it is compatible to an Ensemble system and provides that intelligence to the homeowner. And in terms of thinking about the business, I don’t need to tell you, but you can correlate the business directly to the growth of EV. So, if the EVs grow at 40%, for example, CAGR, these will grow even faster than that. And so it’s – yes, it’s going to be, healthy CAGR and we need to get our manufacturing straight. That’s why we are moving to contract manufacturing house.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I wouldn’t be able to provide it now. But I would say that there is probably a 20% to 30% overlap, that’s my guess.
Badri Kothandaraman: And bear in mind that installing is the supply equipment. And so they already have the main panel open when they are installing solar plus storage. And so coming in and installing a piece of equipment on the wall and drilling a conduit on a 40 amps and landing it on a 40 amps circuit is going to be pretty straightforward. It’s what – it’s kind of work that they do already with solar and storage. So, I don’t see a huge jump in requirement of training or skill set to do that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Brian Lee: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations, Eric, on the retirement, you’ve always been one of my favorite CFOs. So you will be missed. And I look forward to working with you going forward Mandy. Couple of questions I guess just there is a lot of moving parts here. So, can you – I mean demand is obviously great and you are fixing all the supply chain issues from last year. But can you give us also a sense of I guess first on the Q1 outlook, how much is ClipperCreek adding and then can you talk about their margins and what that does to your overall margin profile? And then with the price increase on the batteries, are you seeing or anticipating any demand pull forward in Q1 ahead of the price increase, is that imbedded in the outlook? Just wondering if there is anything into Q1 we should be aware of? And then I had a follow-up.
Brian Lee: Okay, that sounds great. So I guess, as a follow-up to that Badri, I know Q1 is seasonally a little bit weaker. You would anticipate battery demand and volumes kind of back to that 30% sequential growth that you have been seeing outside of the slightly slower Q1, is that a fair assumption into 2Q? And then another kind of question around pull forward, is your Q1 outlook, I don’t think it does, but do you anticipate having any pull forward demand from NEM 3.0 uncertainty in California in Q1 or is that something we might maybe see in 2Q, just wondering if you’ve either seen any of that or you are forecasting to have some of that in the next couple of months here? Thanks, guys.
Brian Lee: Yes, Badri. Just you alluded to NEM 3.0 uncertainty and your opinion on what needs to change, but in terms of impact on your business, are you actually seeing any demand pull forward in the state of California due to that uncertainty in your Q1 outlook or is that something you maybe anticipate would start to show up in Q2 if that uncertainty around NEM 3.0 continues to persist? Thank you.
Eric Branderiz: Well, we don’t look at it like that. We basically regardless, the company is modeled on OpEx, our baseline is 35, 15 and 20. Time-to-time, it may be a little bit higher on the OpEx side, but we will always be well above the operating income. But we don’t think about OpEx like that. For us, we think about a full system. When we think about a full system, it is a microinverter, it is a battery, it is a gateway, it is system controller. And when you combine all of these together, okay, I have forgot load control, forgot EV charger, generator compatibility. When I combine all of those, the number of interactions explode. The number of interactions explode mean, our R&D has to scale up. And they – we cannot scale up R&D randomly. It will scale up as a fraction of revenue. We have been disciplined there. So, it’s a long way – have been long winded answer. But we invest at a system level. And it is not, batteries versus microinverters. Everything has to scale up in the company.
Eric Branderiz: We know both business models. We work for example, in the Connected Solutions program, we work with an aggregator called Energy Hub. And they work with the three utilities I have talked about. And we work in that model. But having said that our relationships are getting better with the utilities and we are starting to work directly with the utilities. The APS program we saw that you are going to start seeing more announcements like what I said we have a dozen grid services and engagements in the pipe, and many of them are working directly with the utilities. And we do have all of the software capabilities. All of the VPP capabilities dispatching – and dispatching a fleet at an aggregate level, we can provide that software to the utility. And they can utilize that software to control an Enphase fleet.
Eric Branderiz: It was and it’s hard to track. But I would say that is a good healthy mix of both. That’s what I would say. And obviously, when they have Enphase microinverters, they will prefer Enphase batteries.
