Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. We have been talking about component shortages in the last few quarters. And what we have done as we have qualified multiple suppliers, especially for the high-voltage FETs, we have signed a bunch of contracts. And we have been increasing our microinverter output quarter-on-quarter. If you notice, Q1 was approximately 980,000 microinverters, Q2 is about 1.28 million microinverters. And we expect roughly -- if you look at the midpoint of guidance, we expect around 1.7 to 1.8 million microinverters in Q3. And we are really comfortable with that. And also we are on track to do couple of million microinverters in terms of supply, we will be ready for couple of million microinverters in Q4. So basically, in terms of high-voltage transistors, I think we expect to be largely in good shape as we exit 2019.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, we have already increased pricing on customers because of the tariffs. The customers are actually absorbing the pricing today. And in general, other than that the pricing environment is largely stable.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: We did the SunPower transaction last year. We announced the transaction in June, we closed the acquisition in August of 2018. We said we would, by and large, be done by the second quarter of 2019. And that is the case. We are done with the SunPower acquisition, meaning we are done with the ramp. Basically, we also said we will do roughly about $60 million to $70 million of annualized run rate when the business ramps. So everything revenue we did in Q2 is completely consistent with that. So SunPower was largely on track, things are going well. If SunPower does well, we do well and that's all we can say right now.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. To tell you on the AC modules is not a hockey stick growth, it is steady -- slow and steady growth. And of course, the biggest customers there are SunPower and then, we have Panasonic started ramping couple of quarters ago. And Solaria is also ramping right now. And then, we are working with a couple of people -- couple of module customers in Europe to provide some differentiator AC module solutions. I would say, the pickup is kind of steady. And to date, about 400 or 500 installers have tried AC modules. It's not that they are going to switch to AC modules forever, but they have at least tried AC modules, and in our experience, once you try AC modules, usually you stick to that. Right now it's slow and steady.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean we are always in the process of adding partners if and when it makes sense. And that will be the case going forward.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. Normal [indiscernible] net as usual I would say expedite should be between 1 and 2, 1% and 2%, basically between 100 and 200 basis points. Component shortages, like what I said, we're largely out of the woods on high-voltage FETs, but think about it like this. The microinverter uses 300 components. So we are always constantly monitoring the supply chain on -- we are looking a few quarters ahead and making sure that we are completely out of the woods in general.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, look, I mean we are only going to talk about right now our numbers for Q4 '19, but as a management team, what we do, we look at the next 6 quarters and we look at it on a monthly basis and then we are going to constantly look at our capacity. So the capacity is now a monthly process versus a one-time event. So of course, we gave you specific numbers for Q4 '19, but that doesn't mean we are not going to increase that number. So that number will continuously increase as far as demand also accumulates at the same level. And we are in a great position to do so because we have the [indiscernible] factory, Flextronics has done an amazing job there. And also, we have a capital light approach. All we need to do is to add the textures. So the capital investment is quite light. Of course, there is a lead time for it that's usually a quarter. So as long as we have reasonable notification, which we have with a six quarter forecasting methodology, there is no reason why we won't have -- why we cannot ramp up.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. We are not going to share in detail, but I'll tell you one thing that we have always talked about multi-sourcing. In all aspects of our business. And that is truly everywhere. So you can count on us to deploy the strategy wherever it makes sense in -- I'll leave it at that.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: We are not going to be talking about Q4 at this point right now, we have great visibility, but good visibility of Q3. We don't yet know about Q4, we'll talk about it when we're ready in the next earnings call.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Well, I'll have Eric comment on the basis points if he's ready, but in terms of the megawatts, we said the rough split up in geographies we said 70 -- remember we said 74% in the U.S. and 26% outside the U.S. So you should think about the overall megawatts from that ratio.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, it's basically comes back to the four things that always talk about. One is the bankability that you said and our balance sheet is pretty strong. And you guys know a lot about it. Our cash balance today is $206 million. Second is our product quality. Our target is to be at an annual DPPM of 500. We are not there today, but we are well on our way there. That's two. Number three is customer experience. Although we did go a little bit higher on rate times, we are really committed as the management team. In fact, in every executive staff meeting Tuesday, the first thing I review is the customer service calls, the sample of them to understand what kind of problems customers are having. So we are laser focused as management team on customer service. And the last one is innovation. I believe customers want to stick with us because of products like Ensemble.Of course, we haven't executed well on Ensemble. It's been delayed a little bit, so that's why we didn't talk about it much. But we're laser focused on getting Ensemble 1.0, which is the residential -- with the focus on residential storage, we are laser focus on getting the product out in the fourth quarter of 2019. So we are heads down there. So these are the four things. And I think I would like to think these are the ones that cause the customers to come back and the demand overall comes from long tail customers, those are the broad base of customers, they in particular, the long tail of customers really is suited -- is the right -- are the right customers base for us because of the focus on quality and customer experience; they just don't have the time to deal with quality issues, or they don't have the time to keep calling us again. So it's really that's the place where we service well. So Brad, these are the factors. And I'm not sure that I answered you enough.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, let me tell you a few things in the Mexico ramp. Basically, we are a couple of months behind what I expected. And it's really for us transferring the process steps using copy exact methodology. Basically it didn't go great. Two of the 230 process steps had issues. We quickly got on it, and the nice thing is we were able to get all of the signals in line in terms of reliability, monitors as well as we were able to do audit. So of course, that total is a little bit behind, that's why we started shipping only on July 1. And having said that, in this quarter, we will probably -- my team is looking at me, but we will probably do somewhere around a couple of hundred thousand units in Q3 of '19. And in two or three quarters from now, we expect the years to stabilize. We expect to have enough manpower to running all ships, but we are really laser focus on quality. We would like to ramp at the right levels, have a controlled ramp. So I'm looking for the next 90 days. Can we execute and do 200,000 units in Q3? That's what I'm looking at.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes. We are not going to give out any market share numbers because we don't look at the business like that. Basically, we are laser focused on customer experience, we are laser focused on our quality. And at the end of the day, profitable top line growth is what we are looking at. Having said that, we have 100% of the SunPower business. The North American demand is ramping quite nicely across the board and our long tail of customers is probably the place where we basically are gaining some share. And Europe is also, if you see the Europe numbers are also not too shabby either. The places that we are doing well are actually Netherlands and France. And I was just in Europe to do a bunch of review meetings there and it does turn out that Netherlands is the fastest growing country in Europe. So I think we are in the right places there. And these basically contribute to overall share.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: We put the new leadership in place a couple of quarters ago. I'm going to be in Australia pretty soon. We are going to do a similar kind of exercise that what we did in Europe, but I think Australia, we need to rebuild our organization first. I think the Australian market is a very interesting market, both in terms of solar plus storage and it is not a small market. And so we are going to work on it.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: We are not going to break out the specific numbers, but we have had this situation of the last three quarters, people have not walked away, and as I mentioned, we are fully booked for Q3. And we still have a lot more days left in Q3.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: First of all, I'm going to say this is pretty nascent. And we are basically starting to scratch the surface. And I think you should -- if you are thinking that we are going around the installers, you should scratch that. We can never, ever go around the installers. The installers are a conduit for us. And basically, it is like what can we do in order to better service the customers. Here we are talking about the legacy product upgrade program. These customers bought the first two generations of Enphase products from us, now it's obviously been time. We would like to give them the option of purchasing an IQ 7 system and maybe also purchasing an Encharge system when it is available. So therefore, in a sense we basically generate the demand. And we essentially pass on the demand to our installers -- our network of installers who basically service it for us. So it is a win-win situation for both of us and not excluding the installers. So that's just scratching the surface. Of course there's a lot more things that we can start doing, understanding the consumption, providing homeowners a bunch of tools to enable that and we'll start talking a lot more about those down the line.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: It's the same answer that I gave Jeff. We are not going to give out any numbers in market share, but the reasons why we are gaining market share, I believe, is basically along the lines of our core competence is essentially the focus on providing the highest quality, the highest customer experience and basically, products like Ensemble showed innovation in our product innovation capability. We think customers would like to stick to somebody who has an innovation road map like Ensemble. So those are the broad strokes and, of course, the healthy balance sheet always helps.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, we're not going to be breaking out numbers on Q4 bookings, it's just too early right now, it's not -- we are not going to give guidance. In terms of international mix, obviously with the SunPower acquisition, international mix is skewed a little bit towards North America. Right now we are approximately 75-25 and in the past has given numbers if possible, 50-50 would be nice. 50 North America and 50 rest of the world would be nice in a couple of years. And ultimately, something that is balance between APAC, Europe and North America would be actually perfect, but that's a little bit beyond doubt -- beyond that.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, Ensemble 1.0 is expected to basically release in Q4 of '19 and particularly we entered toward residential storage. And we haven't started any alpha or beta demonstration yet. In the next three months, we expect to obviously start doing those two with a few installers. But right now, we are laser focused on the development, we are heads down. It's all about execution.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: No, it's not. If you see our Ensemble 1.0, we are talking about high-capacity residential storage for North America. If you see the Encharge, the Encharge battery system, it has got battery cells, it has got battery management system, software, the controller, battery controllers plus. Every 3.3 kilowatt hour system has got four IQ 8s. That IQ 8 is nothing but our grid forming microinverter. That's how we put together a battery system. So IQ 8 will be inside our battery. And that will be the first product that we will be releasing, that's what we call Ensemble 1.0. That will work with IQ 6 and IQ 7 installed base on the PV side. That's what we're going to release in the fourth quarter of 2019. And of course, Ensemble 2.0 is what we are talking about IQ 8 PV, which is IQ 8 on the roof, the IQ 8 solar system, that could be available in 2020.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Good question. These are more -- I think we will have a detailed discussion of these in the Analyst Day. The way we are thinking about it is storage alone -- like what I've said multiple times, the revenue potential for storage will take us from $2,000 per home, which is a pure microinverter play to over $10,000 per home. And then, consumption and services obviously add on a little bit more there. So basically, it will help us on the revenue side and on the gross margin side, no matter what business we take, we already established a floor. We are never going to take a business that is not 30% gross margin. And so our gross margin targets this quarter in terms of guidance or the midpoint of gross margin would be 34.5. Gross margin would be around that number.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: No, Q4 '19 will not be needle moving. Q4 '19 will be the introduction and then obviously, there will be a ramp. And I would say needle moving will be in 2020.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Storage will always be at our corporate gross margin. And the reason I say that is, of course, if you -- this is not a commodity product, right? This is where we are going to differentiate Ensemble from the rest of the fact is the unique features that we are going to be offering. The flexibility, the scalability, the modularity and then, eventually, the Ensemble will work with our IQ 8 on the road. In addition, that is a bunch of software that we can introduce in order to enhance the customer experience. So you should not think about it as what you're thinking just on the battery cell site. It will fall in line with our corporate gross margin.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Yes, of course, these are surveys that are not comprehensive, but usually, people get excited when you ask them such questions and then they change their mind when it comes time to cut the check. So we'll see, we are very close to launching this product. So we are heads down launching this product right now. We will look at both new installers as well as the -- our existing [indiscernible], but we are obviously excited.
Badrinarayanan Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again on our call next quarter. Bye.
Eric Branderiz: Well, Phil we will not break it out, but you know the tariff percentage, as you know, we actually increased prices to cover 100% or a portion of it, I guess, of the cost, right. So we are sharing that cost with our customers, right. And so with that being said, we shouldn't be concerned about the breakout. It's all covered about -- through the price increase.
Eric Branderiz: Well, we already disclosed the megawatts for the quarter being 416 megawatts DC, so we talked about 74% being domestic. So you can probably do the math.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. So you remember that we -- this is Eric. I don't know if you remember we had the big realignment of resources around the world, where we did double structure activity moving a functional [indiscernible], we created a new headquarter in Fremont establishing a center of excellence in India, plus additional R&D resources in New Zealand, right? Four of those are part of the bigger strategy on how we are going to be able to scale and we are going to have operating leverage, right? So from a expand point of view, operating leverage at the corporate level on G&A is probably already somewhat reflective of the guidance, right? So if you look at the guidance, we are at 14% OpEx as a revenue, right? Now in terms of sales and marketing and R&D, remember we are an innovation company, right? So our focus on investing on new products and product development and digital platform work and all that kind of stuff that Badri mentioned as part of our strategy and we'll have that probably in R&D part of that kind of [indiscernible] OpEx as well the same results of marketing growing regionally. Yes, we developed Europe, I think Badri mentioned Asia-Pacific We may need boots on the ground, a sales force there. We are going to roll out formation as well, right, in those depreciation associated with those technologies or licenses will also hit OpEx, right, in many cases. So I think that we have a healthy operating leverage, already will trigger on the guidance. You should also think about how those R&D investments will materialize over time, right.
