Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. The pricing in general right now is very stable. We do value-based pricing. We look at pricing versus the next best alternative. And we usually look at what value do we add in compared to that alternative. And typically, the things we focus on for microinverters are how is our quality compared to competition with our customer experience compared to competition. How is our ease of use compared to competition is the product a lot more easier to install and that matters to the installers and they – once they install, they do not want to come back to that site again. So they need excellent support. So if we look at all of these puts and takes, and we look at it versus the next best alternative. We price our products. We are extremely disciplined. There we also have a segmentation strategy, which means that we look at different flavors of power, and we price it according to the value those provide. In batteries, our strategy has been similar with the first two products in our generation, first generation and second-generation batteries, we fell a little bit short in terms of the differentiating features. And now with the third generation, I think we are going to be quite unique. We have modularity of 5-kilowatt hours, we will have double the power compared to the prior generation, which means a 5-kilowatt hour battery will have 3.84 kilowatts of continuous power and 7.68 kilowatts of peak power, which is amazing power. And then in addition, that’s going to have 30 minutes commissioning time, the thing that we didn’t get right on the first two generations. So with batteries, we are back into the value space, again, and we will price those products accordingly. So the short answer to your question, pricing is quite stable now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. This product, we had originally 3 years ago, we started with introducing the IQ8D product. And that at that time was a good idea. It was 640-watt AC. And that microinverter covered two panels. And we got excited by that. We’ve worked on it. And that product, it took us some time to work on it because not only we had to get the microinverter right, we had to get the entire chain right, which is the microinverter performance, the gateway performance, most important, the software performance. And then we needed a proper design and proposal inject light Solargraf. So it took us quite a bit of time. And then we realized a few months ago that, yes, we can come with that product, we can release that product out, but that product is going to fall short in terms of power because the panel power in the commercial business has moved to, let’s say, greater than 500 watts. So, two panels will be 1,000 watts. 1,000 over 640 is a DCA ratio of more than 1.5. 1.5 is not acceptable in this business. The right number is between 1.2 and 1.25. So then we regrouped, we told the installers we are going to make a quick change, going back to the single panel, single micro architecture, we are increasing the power, leveraging what we did on the IQ8D. So it was not lost. We increased – we used that architecture and we basically are introducing now a product that is a 480-watt AC product. And that will take care up to 650 watts of panel power. So – and also accompanied by that product, we need the entire platform. What I talk about in the installer platform, which is starting from lead generation qualification because this is a design win business. It’s not like the residential business. There is some cycle time. You have to capture opportunities properly. You spend a lot of time in understanding analyzing the ROI, the tools need to be excellent for that. And then you need help the installers through the entire process. And so I think we are finally almost ready that we are looking to introduce – beat our test with the installers in the second quarter using the entire flow. Then we are planning to release to release it start ramping in the third quarter. And it’s going to take us a few quarters to ramp because like what I said, this is not like the residential business. It’s a design win business. And so we have to work with customers for an extended period of time and then convince them of the value proposition, and we will start winning. But our basic piece is there is the same. Product innovation great quality and support customers well, which is customer experience.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, look, seasonality has always existed in the solar industry from Q4 to Q1. And historically, I would say that, that seasonality is a 15% number. That means, in general, the sell-through in Q1 is usually 15% down compared to the sell-through in Q4. Now right now, and I’m giving you a lot of data from January, and that’s the data we have. Our Q4 was very strong, including December. January, we start to experience a little more than 15%. That’s why I said more pronounced seasonality. And of course, we think it is due to the macroeconomic environment, but what we saw interestingly was the activations remain the same. I mean approximately and they were a little bit down they didn’t have that much of a seasonality. So that basically was somewhat good because the customer demand at least whatever we saw was – I mean, did not get that much affected. But having said that, I think the installers are quite cautious. Therefore, they basically are only buying what they need from their distributors, which is a stark difference from 2022, where they were focused on supply. They were focused on maximizing what they had in their warehouse. Now is that they are worried about their spending, they are worried about their OpEx, they are worried about their cash flow. Therefore, they are going to make sure they do exactly what is required. So that’s why I think – and I don’t have a crystal ball. I cannot be sure. That’s why I think we are seeing some customers who used to book 6, 9 months ahead, now will not book so much ahead. They will be a little more conservative. And regarding your question on more – that the originations, whether they are improving or not, this is the data. We work with thousands of installers. We have a very strong sample set. We talked to a lot of distributors. Some of our distributors service hundreds of long tail installers. So we don’t see originations ourselves. We only – what I reported to you is anecdotal information. But we hear that originations and especially originations in California are back to being strong in January. That’s what we hear. And I think that is – that’s why I said that – plus the fact that we are not seeing that much of a link in activation points me to cautiously optimistic Q2 versus Q1.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So I’ll answer the question in reverse. CapEx required, basically, an auto line is roughly 750,000 units and auto line cost is including tax, etcetera, anywhere from $8 million to $10 million per line. So if we have to do six lines, that’s anywhere close to $60 million – $50 million to $60 million. So that’s the CapEx spending. Now to answer your question, do we expect to get the vast majority. Yes, we do. And then does the announcement of the treasury indication change our plans, no, it does not. We are going to start manufacturing in the second quarter. And we are going to ramp up a couple of lines with a new contract manufacturer in the second quarter. And then we are going to start the remaining lines. So totally, we will have six manufacturing lines by the end of 2023 with three contract manufacturing partners.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. On NEM 3.0, we aren’t really seeing any pull forward right now. But in talks with few installers in California, both big and small, like what I said, the originations are up strongly. They are all quite optimistic. And maybe we will see something soon that’s why I talked about an optimistic Q2. But so far, we haven’t seen any pull forward demand yet. Now on talking about NEM 3.0 in general. NEM 3.0 is going to be incredibly positive for us. Because NEM 3.0, I mean, just so everybody gets it, I’ll talk about NEM 3.0, the features of NEM 3.0. Basically, the – previously, the import and export rates were the same. So therefore, when you exported electrons with the solar system didn’t really matter. As long as you exported, it got directly subtracted from what your input. That’s why it’s called net metering, and that was net metering 2.0. With NEM 3.0, it matters when you export these electrons. So you have 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. So basically, 8,760 data points, and there is an export rate for each of those data points. Each of those hours, there is an export rate. And – but what it works out to be is if you are interested in a pure solar system, your payback dropped understandably from, let’s say, 5 years, it increases actually to something like 7 or 7.5 years with the pure solar system. But the moment you add batteries, you can add batteries in steps of 5-kilowatt hour, 10-kilowatt hour, 15-kilowatt hour, the moment you add batteries, that payback comes right back in to that 5 to 6-year time, to that 5 to 6-year period. That is the stock difference with NEM 2.0. With NEM 2.0, the grid was the battery. Batteries didn’t have an ROI because batteries were primarily for resilience only. With NEM 3.0, batteries are going to be financially attractive. But it is complex. NEM 3.0 is definitely complex. So the installers need to demystify it for the homeowners. And that’s where an engine like solar draft and other engines come in, where if we are able to show this to the homeowner, we think it is a no-brainer. The homeowner will always pick solar plus storage. Now to add some more variance to it, Germany, for example, if you look at Germany, this is exactly what happened. They call it as a feed-in tariff where – so that is not 8,760 different rates for those hours, but they have one rate, which is a much reduced rate. And therefore, self-consumption becomes the norm in Germany. No one thinks about exporting solar, right? And that have an 80% attach there. This is going in the same direction, going in the same direction. In Germany, you have grid-tied batteries because power doesn’t go out there much. It goes out maybe once a year. We have grid tied battery. Grid tied batteries means you – the installation is simpler, and it is cheaper. I’m not sure whether California will go in that direction. Time will tell because we do have some color. We do have resilience issues as well. But I am sure markets will evolve a little in that direction, too. So bottom line, we are incredibly optimistic. We got the right batteries for it with the third-generation battery. We got the modularity, which I think will start becoming popular. Grid tied may become popular, but we will be ready to do either grid tied or off grid, on grid with backup. The things that are looking, we like NEM 3.0. Of course, we didn’t like the fact the step down happened right away. But I think in the long-term, it’s an okay decision.
Badri Kothandaraman: We think you should think that NEM 3.0 is going to be great for us. We are going to be growing with – along with NEM 3.0, we are going to be growing. In addition, we are going to be growing outside California too, because I am not sure whether you cut the color on what I have said, the – we are working on the battery transition right now. The second-generation product is going to give way to the third generation. And we have fixed all of our issues in the field for the most part in terms of commissioning and all of the software performance is all in – is quite stable right now, and we are getting ready for the transition of the third-generation battery. The third-generation battery appointed to you on the benefits power, the 30-minute commissioning time, and modularity. So, we think that starting in the second half of the year, we think NEM 3.0 will be a huge catalyst for this in California. In addition, we expect to also see very healthy growth outside California. Your other question, we talk to a number of installers all the time. We recently talked to a bunch of California installers on exactly this, whether are they ready, and most of them are quite optimistic about increasing their battery attach because for the first time, with the batteries, the payback will be a very good payback between 5 years and 6 years. And I think many installers, of course, are worried about the customers having to shell out a little bit more upfront. But with the ITC, 30% tax credit and with an incredible payback they think the sale will be more easier than what you think. So, we are quite bullish about NEM 3.0 and especially our third-generation battery in that context.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, as you said, we do not guide something annually, but European market is growing. At least our internal reports talk about served available solar market of about 13 gigawatts in 2023. The markets to really – the markets that are really driving are Netherlands, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, and even actually Austria, Poland, etcetera. They are all becoming quite significant markets. In addition, attach – battery attach is also growing. Like what I have stated in the prior question – answering the prior question, the attach rate on batteries in Germany is 80%. So, solar plus storage is growing healthily. And the geopolitical situation accelerated it last year, and that’s continuing what do – what’s our position is. We have a very differentiated product. We have microinverters on the roof, which are very high quality, easy to install. We have a huge customer service operation there in France and in Germany, and we take care of customers well. On batteries, we are just starting to ramp. And we have introduced our batteries in two countries, Germany as well as Belgium. We expect to introduce many more countries this year, and that will happen every quarter. And so we expect to add a lot more battery revenue there. And I forgot to mention, IQ8, we will be introducing IQ8 into every country in Germany – I mean every country in Europe shortly. So – and then on top of it, we bought this company called GreenCom Networks. Their job is to network third-party EV chargers and third-party heat pumps to the Enphase solar and storage system, and therefore, homeowners can operate – can optimize their system from one app, can see everything that is happening. So, to answer your question, the market is growing. The market is growing really significantly. That’s what I told you 13 gigawatts, we are well positioned due to our differentiating value proposition, and we recently bought a company, GreenCom Networks that is even going to make that situation better where we provide a complete home energy management system to our installers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean net-net, we expect a net benefit of between $20 and $30 a unit. I am giving you a wide range right now because we do have some puts and takes, and we will refine it as we go.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Look, if you look at our past growth rates, you can see it, we grew from – we grew, I think, ‘21 to ‘22, we grew 59%. And at that time, I think end of ‘21, we were doing, if I remember right, around 3-ish million units a quarter. End of ‘22, we are now – we just reported 5-ish million units a quarter. So, you can see that that’s the nice growth. So – our long-term thesis on solar is – we are extremely bullish. We – especially with countries like Europe and with a strong position in the U.S. with our rapid entry into other emerging markets. We think it is the right call to basically invest in the right manufacturing, especially given the IRA benefits. So, even if we don’t use all 10 million units per quarter, we will use it sooner or later. And I think the ROI is well worth especially considering the net benefit to us. So, our logic was quite simple. We weren’t worried. We did a few back-of-the-envelope calculations. We thought it is the right thing for us to invest in these lines and fortunately, we have very strong and great contract manufacturing partners who need to do a lot of the heavy lifting, all our capital that we set out is quite limited. They do a lot of the heavy lifting, like what they are doing today, and two of them are existing contract manufacturers. So, we have deep relationships. And we are going to work with them in the long-term. So, we thought that’s the right decision for us to do, and we basically accelerated that effort. And once we make a decision, it takes us a few quarters. In the past, it has taken us four quarters to six quarters to ramp up the likes. So, our thesis is quite bullish on solar, and we think that’s the right call.
Badri Kothandaraman: That’s the net – the IRA gives you an incentive, which is $0.11 a unit, $0.11 per AC watt. Now, every microinverter that we make, let’s say, the microinverter that we make 320 AC watts. 320 AC watts multiplied by $0.11, right. So, that number is roughly about $35. So, that $35 is the net benefit. Now, it takes us some incremental cost to manufacture in the U.S. versus manufacturing in Mexico, call that as some delta, right. It also takes us – we want to make sure our contract manufacturing partners are healthy as well. So, therefore, they share a little bit of that incentive. Therefore, the net benefit for us would be that $35 minus the incremental cost adder, minus the benefit we pass on to our contract manufacturing partners, and that number is what I reported as $20 to $30 net benefit per unit. That’s all incremental to what we have today.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Europe is actually the opposite. We do have good visibility. We do have these strong orders. Partners, our installer partners, distributor partners, they rely on us for supply. A few of them even come to our headquarters quite routinely, that’s something that we are starting to see. And we also visit them quite a bit. So, I think we do have decent visibility there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. 47% in Q3. That number, we expect that number to be a little greater than 60% in Q1, that explains the model.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are running a little behind, I would say. I would – I am going to – or rather we are going to introduce IQ8 into several countries in Europe in the near-term. So, in Q2, we will probably be at maybe a little lower than 80%. And I think in Q3, we should probably catch up to that 90%.
Badri Kothandaraman: Those numbers are right. Yes. California, the revenue is approximately 20% of our total revenue. That’s correct.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. On the margin question, as we convert more of our mix to IQ8, margins will get incrementally better, and we will take care of it in our margin guide. Like what I have told you, margin is not always about pricing. It is about a lot of focus on costs. And we have an initiative called world-class in the company where we continuously focus on every small, whether it’s a capacitor, whether it’s a resistor, the gate driver, the AC fed, the porting, plastics, the cables, the connectors, we have a large team working on the transformers. We have a large team working on it. And what you see is a combination of good cost reduction efforts, plus good pricing efforts. So, we will – if you had noticed, we improved our non-GAAP gross margin guidance from the prior quarter by 1% because of the IQ8 transition plus the progress we are making on world-class costs. And I have told before that batteries, we are in our second generation, every generation, we will improve costs. And we will not be in a business until we are convinced we can meet that our model, the gross margin, the company operating model. So, on batteries, we are continuously working on it. Our third-generation battery will be better than the second-generation battery. We already have a plan on the fourth-generation battery to reduce energy intensity significantly, so that will be even better. So, it’s a continuous program. And your second…
Badri Kothandaraman: Okay. Utilization, utilization is to first order negligible impact. Those are the contracts that we have with our partners.
Badri Kothandaraman: We do business with a number of installers who offer leasing. And with some of those we have 100% share. With some of those, we have a healthy share mix. So overall, we are very well positioned. We have a significant shift between loan and lease. I don’t think we will miss a beat.
Badri Kothandaraman: Net-net, it is a wash because if you think about it, it depends upon where the raw materials come from. So if you have manufacturing, for example, in Europe, unless you move all the raw material factories to Europe, to a first order, you will not get that benefit. So basically, you have to look at it as the full chain where your total cost is a function of how you transport the raw materials, then you make the product and then you ship the product to your customers. So in the case of Romania, yes, we are closer to the customers, but you do need to get raw materials to the factory. So I would say it is a wash. It is a wash. It’s not significant enough to talk about, but it will become significant if we are able to do exactly what I said, which is us, if we are large enough and if we are able to convince some of our – some of the suppliers to move factories to open up factories closer to the manufacturing area, definitely, there is some cost to be taken out.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. As we get bigger and bigger, those will eventually happen. Right now, it is a process. I can’t tell you that it’s an event. It will happen one fine day. But for example, in Mexico, we have started to see that. Some of our suppliers have setup factories for enclosure, for example, or for connectors, they have started to setup. We are realizing some gain there, but it is an evolution.
Badri Kothandaraman: We basically told you that the revenue mix between U.S. and international is 71% and 29% and most of our international revenue is Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: We don’t usually talk about that mix for Q1, but I think it will be slightly better because Europe is a little strong in Q1 compared to the U.S.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, those are not our data. So we cannot share those. All I said is basically – there are two things, which I said, we are seeing the distributor and installer partners a little more cautious in booking orders. Normally, we have 6-month order visibility and that has been – that is now somewhat reduced as they watch their spending. And then I also talked about the fact that our sell-through, which is what the distributors sell to the installers. Our sell-through was quite strong in December, while we saw a little bit more seasonality than normal in the month of January. On the originations, which I talked about where basically anecdotal data points from the installers that a few of them have seen the originations pickup in January compared to December. We also have our Solargraf design and proposal engine. We also have another company we bought called SolarLeadFactory, which also deals with selling leads to our installer partners. We are also seeing very similar trends that January is better when compared to December. So although the data we have is limited. And so I mentioned that the – this point makes us cautiously optimistic for Q2.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean we normally don’t think like that. We think we are quite disciplined. The product must add value and it must add value compared to the next best alternative. That’s the only way for us to win long-term. So this one is an incremental benefit and we have to do a lot of work for that. There is a lot of R&D. There is a lot of work we have to do in reliability in qualifying these factories and having the right operations running there. Of course, I talked about the capital outlay, etcetera. So all of those are we are investing in all of those right now. But we are going to be extremely disciplined. We are not going to use this as an opportunity to lose that discipline in pricing.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, in California, there is an added complexity due to the due to the weather in the first few weeks of January. So I would say yes, that’s the only difference there. So once the weather is normalized, I think, we are going to find it is equivalent across the states.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, once again, we are – I clarified this actually before. We are very disciplined. We will not – we are working with the same contract manufacturers. So we can see the business in totality with the – we are not going to basically shortchange them on their locations elsewhere. So it has to be carefully done and we have orchestrated the right plans. Fortunately, for us, our business is healthy, ramping up in Europe, Europe, for example, as well as U.S. quite strong usually. And it takes us anyway, four to six quarters to ramp such lines. So what we will do is a careful allocation process to make sure that all of the factories are correctly loaded. That’s what we will do.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean we gave you 700 to 740 number. We told you clearly Europe, it’s growing quite well. We expect it to grow healthily in Q1 compared to Q4. And we also told you that the U.S. business will be slightly down as compared to Q4. So, that’s the color we gave you. As for February and March, I mean I don’t have a crystal ball, but like what I told you, it seems like the originations are starting to improve. So, we are optimistic things will get better.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Australia basically had a weak first half of ‘22. And the fourth quarter is basically recovering back to original levels. The exciting thing for Australia is we are just about to introduce our third-generation battery into Australia in the second quarter. And in addition, we are also planning to introduce our IQ8 microinverters there. So, they are going to have some brand-new products. And many Australian installers – we meet with the Australian installers once a quarter in a round table. And many of those Australian installers are excited about third-generation product. So, that will be an incremental revenue for us once we release it.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We normally do not breakout batteries between U.S. and Europe. But I will say this that Europe is getting started. U.S., we have introduced batteries now for the last since Q3 of 2020. So basically, 2.5 years there. The Europe guys are getting started, but they are rapidly expanding. We have introduced the product in two countries, Germany and Belgium and there are a lot more countries that we plan to introduce in 2023. Immediately, we are going to introduce in four countries, basically, Austria, Netherlands, France and I think Switzerland and the fifth one as well, which is Spain. So we are going to steadily ramp up the megawatt hours there. And when it becomes we will actually look at it between Mandy and me and see whether we will start breaking that out for future quarters.
Badri Kothandaraman: Alright. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye.
Raghu Belur: One more – I will make one more comment to what Badri said. Obviously, the battery is the third generation of our battery is uniquely valuable for – in this NEM 3 environment. But in addition, it’s also the optimization engine that we will be running, right. The engine has to in near real time, every hour make a decision on whether it is charging the battery, discharging the battery, managing the load, etcetera. All of that energy management engine becomes extremely valuable and extremely critical. It all begins with the design engine itself. What we have mentioned this, as Badri mentioned it in his script, that design engine, the engine that you run in order to design the system is actually the same engine that you run to actually operate the system. And so bringing those two pieces together is extremely critical and extremely valuable. And that’s what we are spending a lot of time optimizing our engine and building up the design as well as the operation. And that it starts with the battery and it – that software is becoming extremely critical.
Raghu Belur: This is Raghu. I think retrofit in general, for storage is going to be better than before because if you recall the IRA now has 30% battery ITC, standalone battery ITC, which means that you can be decoupled from solar, you can come in and add battery later on into the system and still get your 30% ITC. And that’s – and for us at Enphase, we have a unique benefit because we are AC coupled we can very easily do that. So if you have an existing system, even if it’s an older generation solar system, you can come in and add an AC coupled battery. And you can add it in modularity of 5 kilowatt hours, you can grow it how many hour system you want to add, you can add it over time. All of those things are possible with our system and get access to the 30% ITC credit. So definitely a benefit for retrofit.
Raghu Belur: Yes. This is Raghu. To begin with, we shouldn’t think about a bidirectional EV charger or something stand-alone by itself. It’s a core part of our energy management system. Energy management system will include, obviously, solar, stationary batteries, bidirectional EV chargers, grid management, etcetera. So it is part of that full solution that we offer. And within that full solution set, energy management piece, the software that’s federating how the energy should flow between all of these resources as well as into the house. So that’s the way we think about it. As far as – on a first principle basis, it would be if you buy an EV, you should buy directionally EV charger. It’s really as simple as that in order to gain the most benefit out of it because should think back, as we said, it does both of those use cases we talked about, which is both vehicle-to-home as well as vehicle to grid, vehicle-to-home means providing resiliency for the home. It’s the resiliency that the IQ8 on the roof provides see that our battery, modular battery system provides the resiliency now added resiliently that the car can also provide. And when it comes to vehicle to grid, this is about the ability to leverage the energy that you have stored in our – store in your car to provide things like grid services on act like a virtual power plant. So I think you bring a lot of value to it by being part of our energy system and really, I would expect that anybody who buys in EV would be naturally motivated to buy the Enphase Energy system, which would include the solar, the battery and the bidirectional EV charger.
Raghu Belur: No, we have not heard about that or any – I mean about receiving any additional subsidies for our plant in Romania. However, there is active discussion going on in Europe about something analogous to the IRA that’s being done here. That we are tracking pretty closely. And if that happens, and there are some benefits for us. We will obviously avail of it. But other than that, we are not hearing of anything else.
