Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I think there are a few puts and takes. First to answer your question is, is the under shipment going to be close to $150 million in Q1? We expect it to be a little bit less than $150 million, but not too much less. That's our expectation. And second is I will talk about markets, and then it'll become clear to you. First of all, we see the non-California state stabilizing. We see that. So therefore, we aren't that much worried there. Of course, things could go a lot south during the winter, but we are already at pretty low levels, so we don't think so. California is definitely a wild card. But even if that goes down 10% more, I think we'll be fine. Because we expect Europe to recover a little more. Europe right now, for all the reasons I said, we basically are undershipping quite a bit in order to normalize inventory. And that will be the fastest to normalize. So we expect Europe revenue to come back a little bit up in Q1. Therefore, what we expect, at least, what we expect internally is that our revenues, sell-in revenues, we think will be close to what we are looking at in Q4. Of course, I don't have a crystal ball. I'm not giving you Q1 guidance. This is our expectation right now. And Q2 onwards, we think the channel inventory is going to approach normalized levels. And therefore, that normalized level, assuming the demand picture is unchanged, that normal level is what we said, roughly around $450 million to $500 million is the normal level. That assumes no change in demand from the current situation. So we expect our revenue to approach that number in the second quarter. But of course, that doesn't tell you too much, because I'm assuming that the demand is the same at the current depressed level. One thing which I forgot to say is, in France, which is another very big market for us, we already see the sell-through rates, for example, in the first three weeks of this quarter, are already back up high, which is good. Basically, there was a utility rate hike in August. There is one more expected in February. So we think France will recover fast. Netherlands, we have some education to do. Like what I told you, there is some political uncertainty there. We think that will get cleared after Q4. So I think Q1 will be definitely better. And that's a great market, where that market is now, in addition to solar, I think with the dynamic tariff starting to become prevalent in Netherlands, there is opportunity for battery storage in 7 million homes. Today, just so that everybody understands, Netherlands, there is 7 to 8 million homes. Solar is there in 2.2 million homes today. And now, with this opportunity, where net metering is going to evolve into something similar to California, not exactly the same, but very similar, what's going to happen is it opens up opportunity for solar plus storage in all 7 million homes. So I think long-term is going to be great for us. But I told you what's going to happen in the short term.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's pretty simple. And Brian, you will understand it quickly. You can see our storage business is actually going a little bit up. Our micro inverter business is the one that is going a lot down now because of our under-shipment. And therefore, if you see the product mix issue, and microinverters have a little bit more gross margin than storage. And therefore, with this product mix, that's why we have the guidance of non-GAAP gross margin 40% to 43% for the company without IRA. With IRA, non-GAAP gross margin of 48 to 51. So in terms of pricing, I mean, we are not planning to make any broad-based pricing changes. Of course, the pricing, there is a lot of competition, but we have seen competition for the last few years since I've been here. We have a very disciplined business process. It's a pricing business process. It's called SPA, Phil Shen likes to talk about it. It's a special pricing adjustment. We have been doing that forever, and it is not new. That's one. And also in these times, of course, underloading, we have to work with our contract manufacturers to take care of underloading. But in these times, especially when you have multiple suppliers for a particular component, multi-sourcing for a component, this is the opportunity where we can drop costs a lot. So our target, I mean, any good company in these times, we should be able to drop our cost by 10% per year. And we'll be targeting that. And so we have to talk both equations, pricing and cost. And so we are quite confident in our gross margins. This is what we do. It is not new. This is what we established when I joined the company. We have a pricing team that prices based on value. We have a world-class cost team that works on costs. And it's business as usual for us in these environments.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I'll be lying if I tell you I'm not seeing something irrational. Of course, installers are very stressed, right? They do want to take advantage of the lowest cost available at a given point in time. So therefore, sometimes without understanding, they may want to switch to somebody who's offering low cost. But we usually, most of our installers are, they have a lot of experience. They're very well trained now. And they understand the importance of distributed architecture. They understand the importance of single point, no single point of failure. They understand quality. They understand customer service. And therefore, you might save a few dollars up front, but if you have a quality problem, a service call by the installer is a truck roll. You spend a lot of money in one truck roll. And if you just do one more, I mean, that's it, you have no more room there despite the low cost. So it's a penny wise pound foolish strategy to do that. And they've all realized it. And, if you actually put things in context, let us say the pricing is $3 or $3.50 for what? You look at the inverter bill of materials, probably of the order of 10%. Should you play around there? Should you take a lot of risks there? And it's their call at the end of the day. And many of them are wise to say, we're not going to make that call. So, I mean, we have a lot of robust discussions. This is the time where we are talking to customers more than ever. We have a lot of other tools at our disposal. For example, Solargraf. We do design and proposal. We can generate leads for installers at very economical rates. We can help them on permitting services, for example, sometimes even free of charge. We have a lot of tools at our disposal to reduce their soft costs. And that's critical because we have to look at everything. We cannot look at component level. We have to look at the full system level in these times. And once you start looking at that and have these discussions, usually it comes back to, we get more market share, not less. And more installers want to move to us, not less. You can see some evidence of that in the third party reports.
Badri Kothandaraman: Absolutely, yes. As we get into the back half, absolutely. Meaning one is the utility rates are continuing to go up. The second is, let's assume the utility rates go up even by half the amount they are advertised, the payback, like what I said, is going to become, I mean, for a solar plus storage system is going to become the same as, almost the same as a solar only NEM 2.0 system. And, the economics are there actually today. The battery can not only provide resilience, it can help the grid during times of stress in August and September when the grid needs it the most. So it's a combination of you get resilience for yourself, you make money by providing grid services, which is incorporated into the utility rates right now. And we are well positioned to doing that. Why? Because we got great microinverters, number one. We got batteries now that can discharge at very high power, double the power of our earlier batteries. Why is that important? Because during certain hours, you have the utility paying you a lot for exporting power to the grid. And what we can do because of a high discharge rate, during those times we can maximize the power. So we can do that. So we have solar plus storage. And of course we have complete energy management software. And we couple that with our Solargraf design and proposal tool. We have everything, all the optimization at the fingertips of the homeowner. And many times he needs to do nothing. He just needs to turn on our optimization engine. It'll do the right thing for him. So we're absolutely very bullish about California towards the second half of 2024.
Badri Kothandaraman: So to answer the question in another way, the headwinds are, headwinds that we see are if installers, aren't educated by us properly. If we don't do a good job of educating the installers, things can stall out a little bit. So it is important for us and other companies to, in this space, to make sure the installers, whatever we provide installers, the tools are very easy to use so that they can sit at the kitchen table and look at the homeowner and say, your payback is six years. And here is why your payback is six years. And explain to them very confidently. And it's not just Enphase, it is Enphase plus our competition, plus all of the energy companies. All of us have to do our job in training the, installers. And I think that is, of course, that's a piece that is not very easy to do. And you cannot have enough of it. So that's the biggest headwind that I see.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, I mean, we are cutting OpEx by 12% from Q3 to Q4. How are we doing that? We are on a hiring freeze, except for critical positions, for example, in sales and customer service, and to a little bit on the innovation side there. So basically, that has got a big effect on, bringing down costs. The other ones are there are a few professional expenses, like, for example, this is the time where we look at a lot of fat, cutting out a lot of fat in the company. For example, when the companies are doing well, we do hire a lot of contractors. And, we are looking at all of those, and we have taken all the necessary actions to cut that level as well. And of course, as we continue to grow, I cannot deny that there is some fat that we found we can easily cut in other areas. We're able to cut about 12%. We are always looking for further room to cut because we'd like to get back to our baseline of OpEx pretty quickly, which is 15% of sales. So, we'll give the guidance accordingly. And of course, this is a dislocation in revenue, and that is temporary, but we're very cognizant of that, and we are always going to be trying to operate close to our model, which is 15% of sales.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, it is a tough situation for our contract manufacturers, no question. And but we have great partners here. We have Flex, an amazing partner who helped us when we were, especially 2017, 2018, when we had some tough times, they were there right with us. Salcomp, also a great partner. So we work well together. We do have this is the time where both of us can recognize saying okay is this a short-term problem? Is this a long-term problem? Can we do things structurally? We recognize that both of us need to be profitable not just one versus the other. And we do take some necessary actions and all of those are confidential in terms of our relationships. I mean we cannot disclose the actions we are taking but our P&L always incorporates all of these. And so the message is over the next few quarters we will continue to work with them. We will give you the P&L transparently in the guidance for gross margin but we are very confident that you know we are finding the right solutions working together.
Badri Kothandaraman: So SPA first of all for the others in the call, SPA stands for special pricing adjustment. It is a business process that has been forever at Enphase and it is always happening. It's business as usual. A large fraction of our business usually happens at what we call it ADLP which is the distributor list price. And you know if business happens at ADLP there is no SPA. But for a small fraction of our customers depending upon how their volumes may go up within the quarter, next quarter, depending on their forecast we do SPA. SPAs are you have a volume price curve and when the volume goes up the price comes down. And that's how it is. And that process is very active. It's always been active. It's the one I instituted six years ago when I came and the accounting for that is unchanged. Whatever it is exactly what we have done in the last six years. So you know you talk about a $10 reduction. All of those are anecdotal. They don't matter. One customer doesn't matter. It's not a trend. It is a large fraction of our customers buy at the list price. So you know I'd like you to you know if there is a broad-based pricing adjustment we will tell you. And we are telling you right now that there is no broad-based pricing adjustment from us. Yes we will continue to do SPAs. That's the way of life for us. And sometimes it is a way for us to lock market share for the next you know X amount of quarters. And we'll do that. It's business as usual. Nothing new.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, that's logical. It is logical. If at Q1 what you said is right, we expect similar levels. Of course, I'm not giving guidance, but I'm just giving trends. And then Q2, we expect it to, because the mix is going to change. The microinverter mix is going to be a little bit higher than the prior quarter. So we expect that logically. That's correct.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we do take a look at a number of companies all the time, every week. I have an M&A meeting. There are a lot of companies that come. We are very careful, especially in these times, to not buy something in a hurry. We're also careful of making sure that that company is aligned, of course, in terms of strategic fit and cultural fit. The former is extremely important. The latter is practically even more important. So the areas that we usually look for are more in the energy management software, sometimes in home automation, for example, small commercial solar, any innovation in batteries. We look for these. Usually we like smaller companies, bolt-on acquisitions. That's what we have done till now. But I mean, we are looking at all kinds of companies. Please stay tuned. If we are going to move on something, it won't be without you knowing.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, yes, there was. We are right now doing beta installations as we speak. The product is working great. We expect to introduce this product in this quarter, current quarter, and we expect to make some reasonable revenue out of this product in Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, actually, to tell you the truth, every country is a little bit different. Clubbing them together under macroeconomics will not do justice, but there are a few factors, let me tell you, overall thing that can be generalized. It's basically, if you rewind to last year, all distributors, installers, consumers, were a lot more aggressive due to the Ukraine crisis. The Ukraine crisis, the shortage of natural gas, caused many countries to be very aggressive, to pull in their plans for renewables. And we saw a huge spike in virtually every country in Europe. Solar plus storage, everybody started stocking up a lot. And we also profited from that. Our revenue also peaked. But then that enthusiasm is a little bit tempered right now. And because of that, what's happening is the distributors are suddenly realizing that they got more on their hands. And also, earlier, maybe a year and a half back, the product availability wasn't that high because of that increase in demand. But now, all of the suppliers have geared up, especially panels. Product availability of panels is very high. So a lot of over-inventory, particularly on the panels, has happened. That is putting pressure on the distributors because they've purchased inventory at high prices before. And now the prices have collapsed on panels. So there is some financial weakness there. But again, they are conservative now. And they want to hold as less inventory as possible. So that's kind of a macroeconomic. Now let's come to Netherlands, our biggest market. Netherlands has got a very interesting dynamic that when I went there two weeks ago, because I went there, when I heard that our demand was dropping, I got concerned. I went there. And when I looked at it, the Netherlands situation is actually not so bad. If you see, their payback is about six years. But they had a scare recently, maybe two or three months ago, where an energy company called Vandebron basically said that to the consumer, saying, we are going to charge you a penalty to export solar back into the grid. And Vandebron is a very small fraction. There are about 35 energy companies I think in Netherlands. It's a deregulated market. Vandebron is one of them. They serve about 3% of customers. They basically said that, oh, we're going to charge you an export penalty. All they were trying to do is to put some pressure on the government, saying, you need to help us with net metering. Because the simple fact of the matter is Netherlands has got wind. It's got solar. There's 2.2 million homes with solar out of 7 million homes. These, if they start to export solar energy in a random manner, the energy companies are finding they cannot handle that easily. So they are putting pressure on the government to say, okay net metering needs to evolve into something where the customers have self-consumption, which is solar plus storage. And so it's actually extremely good for us there. But the way they are doing it is, of course, a little bit disruptive. So the government is going to respond once it is in place. Now there is an election happening. Net metering clarity is going to come probably after that. But the way it's going to evolve is this market. Net metering will still last until 2025. So we are covered for the next two years with good payback. And then the payback will be maintained after that with the combination of solar plus storage plus dynamic tariffs, which is getting popular there. So that's the big picture in Netherlands. Many of the European countries are evolving in a similar way. Many of them have gotten dynamic tariffs. Germany is a little bit ahead. They don't have dynamic tariffs, but they introduced feed-in tariffs early, which is very similar to net metering. Export is not paid as much as import. In fact, it's only a fraction. That is why Germany, you find 80% attach rate on batteries. So long answer to your question, but that's the color of Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: I didn't talk about energy prices, energy prices have also increased. In places like France the energy prices are also going up. So I mean energy prices are going to help us. The utility rates are increasing. And so that is definitely going to be a tailwind. But make no mistake. Despite all of this in a place like Netherlands, two gigawatts of solar in a place like France the payback is extremely good still five to six years where can you get that, even just for solar. It's going to evolve into solar plus storage with the payback up maybe seven to eight years but still very good for a 25-year product. So there is a small dislocation right now due to inventory issues due to these, but that's why we expect the ramp-up normalized -- I wouldn't say normalization, revenue recovery, a quick revenue recovery at least to some level in Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, what you're saying is possible, but we don't think so. So I'll give you a quick primer on the weeks on hand. So you follow it. And I think generally, I'd like to say that everybody follows it. For example, if you have -- let's say, you start off with 100 units at the beginning of a quarter in the channel, and let us say you drain inventory at 10 weeks -- I mean 10 units a week. And you also ship into the channel at 10 units a week, okay? So you ship into the channel at 10 units a week. You drain from the channel at 10 units a week. Therefore, at the end of the quarter, you find yourself at the same 100 because 100 plus 130, which is 13 weeks, minus 130, you have 100 units at the end of the quarter. You ask yourself what is the weeks on hand. You say that is 100 divided by 10. That's 10 weeks. So remember that number, 10 weeks. Now I say, oh, my demand is suddenly dropped by, let us say, 40%. That means I have 4 units a week that is accumulating. So that means -- and assume I ship the same number of units into the channel, because I am slow in recognizing that the situation has changed. So let us say I still ship the same 130 as before. But now my dream is only 78 instead of 130. So I therefore end up with 4 units’ excess per week which is 52 units more than the last case. So now I have at the end of the quarter 152. 152, but my end customer demand is only 6 units a week. So I tell you that my weeks on hand now is 152 over 6, which is 25 weeks. So I suddenly go, my weeks on hand increases by 150% due to a 40% drop in demand. If I am -- I continue to be oblivious of -- continue to be oblivious and ship the same material into the channel. So we can blow up disproportionately right? And of course, the further the demand drops, the further your weeks on hand will go up and the converts true. So if the demand improves a little bit, the weeks on hand is going to come down fast. So we think that the distributors -- I mean, we'll look at logical things here because even a 10 to 12-week inventory will be the similar dollar number that they have had in the past. And in fact, the lesser dollar number that they've held in the past. So we think logic will prevail and -- of course, end market demand could change all of that pretty quickly. So weeks on hand is not something that you -- that is obvious. It can really change drastically by small changes in demand, which I gave you the example there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, I presume you're talking about one large customer here, that's the only one we have, which is official. The -- we love our partners, right? We work very closely with them. We value their relationship a lot. And we are there -- I mean, we are at their service all the time, whether it's quality, whether it's customer experience, we value their relationship a lot. So yes, of course, we will be looking to renew all of those.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. I did talk about it answering a prior question, and I will say the same thing here. We have great contract manufacturing partners. Flex has been great for us. They particularly helped us when we were in trouble in 2017. We are grateful there. Our relationship has been very healthy. Even during these times. And we are working together. Sometimes, we look at a problem and say, is this a short-term problem or a long-term problem. If it is going to cost them pain, we are willing to restructure. And all of those accounting are in our P&L. We report it as part of our non-GAAP and GAAP gross margin. So you should read the P&L and know that everything is there. And we view this particular situation is temporary. But we are very cognizant of the fact that under loading is a pain for our contract manufacturing. So -- and we think the right approach is to make sure both of us are profitable and share the pain. And we will be doing that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean we only hear color from other industry news, but we do see some transition to the leasing model. We do see that clearly. For us, how does it affect us is we have some great partners. We have Sunnova, great partner. John Berger is a close friend of mine. Sunpower, Sunrun and other leasing partners. We do business with all of them. They're all great partners. So for us, it is -- if loan moves to lease our business, I would say there could be some product mix issues, but business is nominally not affected. We have heard anecdotes from a few industry sources that installers in California that are many long-tail installers who aren't in business any longer, but we don't have any direct data there. So I can only tell you what I know. The -- of course, I mean, it is a stressful time for them, and we are trying to help them with whatever we can, whether it leads or whether we can provide them some of the services like our Solargraf, etcetera, whether we can help them with NEM 3.0, their business. We are doing that. And that's the color that we have in general. We do business -- majority of the business we do is through distribution. And the distribution, one of the ways we would see it is in our payment, right? If we were to do direct business with all the installers, which we don't. We do business with distribution partners. So therefore, we have one level a little bit away from direct relationship with the long tail installers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Absolutely. We have a lot of vectors of growth and that's a great place for us to start. But we are -- in the color I gave you, we didn't assume all of that. But we have absolutely so many countries that we are -- we were not present even a couple of quarters ago like we have introduced in batteries and microinverters, actually, batteries, for example, in Austria, in Spain, U.K., as you correctly pointed out, Sweden, Denmark, Greece. We have plans to introduce to about 15 countries in the fourth quarter. Microinverters alone, they are all new countries. So that's one vector. New geographies, very important for us. But on the flip side, there, it does take some time to establish infrastructure there. You do need to build up your installer base. You do need to train them very well because our bread and butter is our installers. Therefore, we need to train them excellently. And we need to win them one by one. And that is a process in itself. It can be as early as 3 to 6 months, but it can be over a longer time frame as well. We got several new markets in Asia that are also interesting for us, like, for example, Taiwan, Korea. Indonesia, we are there today, but we are rapidly moving into IQ8, there are a few other smaller countries in Eastern Europe that we are going after. Small commercial. That's a very big one. The small commercial in the U.S. is about 1 gigawatt. We are going to add that product this quarter. The small commercial opportunity in Europe is much bigger. It's about 10-plus gigawatts and we are figuring out that one systematically because we can service that market less than 100 kilowatts with the products we have. So there, of course, pricing is something that we are looking there on how to be competitive in that segment, but we do have a lot of levers there on small commercial. So that is one more. The other one is EV charging. EV charger. We just introduced our connected EV charger. That is a big deal. Now with everybody wanting to electrify, meaning their home, which is buying electric vehicles, electrified vehicles, for example. The -- our product will work with solar plus batteries and it will help the homeowner optimize it's built. He can do green charging now. He doesn't need to spend money charging the vehicle from the grid, all he needs to do is to add about one type of investment, of course, he's got to do that, 6 to 8 panels or 6 to 10 panels. He needs to add it if he buys an EV. And that is a huge opportunity. We are now following up and introducing these EV chargers in Europe, which is what I talked about. So early next year, we will have IQ EV chargers in Europe. Then the other -- the other one is home energy management, software, right? We're now beginning with Germany. We now have the ability to also connect to third-party EV chargers and heat pumps. So now we can optimize the entire system, our solar, our storage, hopefully, our EV chargers soon, but in the meantime, third-party EV chargers, third-party EV -- I mean, third-party heat pumps and giving the homeowner one app, all in one app, optimizing his energy from his fingertips. So that energy management software plus we have some hardware there, which we will eventually integrate into our gateway. So we'll roll that out to all the countries, including the U.S. So we got a lot of vectors there, which is introduced, solar plus batteries into many, many new countries worldwide. Introduce products for the small commercial markets worldwide, introduce IQ smart EV chargers, both in the U.S., which we have done and worldwide. Energy management software plus whatever hardware is required to manage heat pumps and third-party EVs worldwide. So we have a lot of vectors. Of course, I did not include that in the color, which I gave, which is conservative from our perspective.
Badri Kothandaraman: Specifically for the long tail, I mean -- yes, the color that I can give you is the non-California business as a poly is stabilizing right now. That's what we see. We see Q3 was 4% down from Q2. And the first 3 weeks of Q4, which is the last 3 weeks of this quarter, but also not too bad. In fact, it's a little bit up. So we think the non-California business is is pretty decent. But of course, it is still down from the high levels that we had by nearly 35%, meaning from Q4 of last year, Q4 2022, it's still down by nearly 30% to 35%. And your question is how is the health of the long tail -- it's a similar answer for us. We work with our business, if you see 80-plus percent probably, maybe 75% is the long tail there. So we see all of them down, whether there are installers going out of business. We don't get that information, but I think we don't have that data. We don't see the same trend, which is loans moving to leases. All our partners are pretty great. Sunnova, Sunpower, Sunrun, for us, it is moving from one hand to another hand like what I said. That's the color I can give you.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean they were disproportionately down because of -- because the utility rates aren't as high compared to the increase in the interest rates. So they were worst affected, but we see many of them in Texas and California. I mean, Texas and Florida particularly moving to the lease model. We do see that like what you said. And we do see that business starting to recover.
Badri Kothandaraman: Majority is those companies, and there are a few smaller leasing companies that are coming up, too. But 90% is those three companies.
Badri Kothandaraman: It is the eternal question. Can I grow faster if I drop prices, right? I mean for us, it is pricing based on value. The moment we've stopped generating value, it is over. So that's why I never look at those in conjunction pricing. I don't base it on cost. The moment you base it on cost, it's the problem. Then you forget about the value drivers. And therefore, the -- what that means is if we need to add value in both microinverters and battery and software. And that's hard to do, but that's what we do thoroughly. Innovation is -- someone said it right in Silicon Valley, innovate or die. We are that company. That's our philosophy. So we believe high quality is high volume and high price or the right prices or value.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean we already told you that we aren't assuming the demand picture changing from the current levels in our assumptions. And basically, I'm not here to give guidance for Q1, but I'm just giving you a general color for Q1. So all our resumptions are based on demand picture not changing in the next -- demand picture not changing from where it is today. So that's what we said in our assumptions. Then your question is on U.S. U.S. for us is -- we work with a lot of customers. We -- this is the time where our partnerships like what I said, are a lot deeper. Every one of our executives is always on the road visiting customers. Every opportunity to gain market share, we are all over it. And like what I said, we have a number of tools. Yes, of course, it's defending against competition. All competition is very important for us. We take everybody seriously. We work on our problems. We fix our problems, our customer service, you see many people in place stick to us for our quality and customer experience. Our Net Promoter Score is 78 in the U.S. We are opened 24/7, our call center. We have field service technicians who will show up in your home tomorrow if you have a problem today, right? So we have a -- if you put the total picture together, its innovation, quality and customer experience. Now we have one more fact that we have. We can give people a made-in-America products. Now we do have that many of our installers love it because they -- for example, we just had -- in Flex, we in South Carolina, President Biden and came and inaugurated that plant, and we have a lot of installers there, including not just installer partners, distribution partners. So it is very important for them. Made in America product right there in South Carolina, right there in Arlington, right? They're in Wisconsin. It is there. So we think that will help too. And we are going to -- in a similar vein, we're going to bring in our batteries as well in the U.S., and we will take advantage of the domestic content there. And so that will provide extra help to some of our leasing partners. So yes, we are always working on market share. We always take competition seriously, not just right now. This is how we do business.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Well, I mean we have a lot of cash like what you pointed out, $1.8 billion. We have shown that we are willing to buy back stock in a disciplined fashion. We have bought back stock in the last couple of quarters. I think we have bought back $310 million in total, $110 million in Q3 and $200 million in the prior quarter. I think this is an opportunistic time for us where we can take advantage of the stock price. So we will be opportunistic about it.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Raghu Belur: Yes, this is Raghu. And as Badri mentioned, all of the potential tailwinds that are there, remember in an environment where the demand per home is continuing to go up, people are continuing to electrify. People are buying more and more EVs, heat pumps, etcetera. And couple that with utility rates where they are and going further up, this is the right solution. Solar plus battery is the right solution. The energy management software is absolutely the right solution in order to drive your ROI and as well as reduce your payback. And to that end, what we have done as well is a lot of education into the marketplace in terms of explaining to people, what the benefits of, solar plus battery system with energy management and etcetera. And going out there and educating the market as well as providing them with a lot of tools. So in this environment where demand is going up, you have the education, you have the tools, the financials are there, the payback is very good. That's the reason why we are extremely bullish about California coming back strongly.
Raghu Belur: This is Raghu. And Badri mentioned earlier on, look, competition is not new to us. And any company out there that's doing string inverters, we have been competing against those since the inception of the company, and we have a very, very strong value proposition against that technology, a technology that we've been fighting against since 2008. So if you think about it, if you break it down, we just produce more energy. We do maximum power point tracking on a per module basis, right, because we have -- we do power conversion right at the module itself. We are much more reliable. We don't have a single point of failure, that's a true value of the distributed architecture. So even if one of our micros or the module or to -- were to fail or get impinged on energy, the rest of the system continues to operate. String inverters on the other hand, are a very significant single point of failure of that string inverter would fail, our entire system is dead. Again, if you look at also design, installation and maintenance, we don't have string designs anymore. Like those string designs are a thing of the past, those things went away in 2012. And with us, you don't have to do any stringing, no string design, no limitation, steady, can put as much new modules or just like, installations, all plug-and-play. And maintenance, we provide you with per module information, right? And with the traditional string inverters, you're completely blind to how your modules are performing. So I think that's going backwards. And finally, and arguably one of the most important elements of it, is safety, right? You want to do -- you don't want any high-voltage DC anywhere in the system. And so with Enphase, we are all low voltage DC, we are traditional AC. And the combination of high-voltage DC and high-energy chemistry is probably not very optimal. And on the reliability front, we mentioned, one is system-level reliability, which is not having a single point of failure. But look, a unit itself is extremely reliable. We offer a 25-year warranty compared to other types of technologies that offer 10 year, 12 year warranties. And on the battery, if you break the battery down as well, modularity is extremely important. You don't need to have very large batteries and you have the -- where we are building block is fast over ours. So you can right size the system to exactly what homeowner needs. But we mentioned the higher power of our third-generation battery or IQ battery 5P, the high sea [Ph] rate of the battery is really is an economic benefit to the homeowner because you can export significant amounts of power during those times of the day or those times of the hour where you get compensated by the utility for exporting energy. And finally, on safety, we use lithium iron phosphate, LFP chemistry, right? LFP chemistry is arguably much safer than any other chemistry that's out there. Put all that together, look at it in the totality of the system, right, all the software that we provide, the design tools that we provide, those are the competitive moats against any other technology that is out there. Now couple that with our customer service, right? We are open 24/7. Our customer service department is open 24/7. We -- the installer can call us at any time. The homeowner can call it. They have beautiful app where they see their solar, their batteries. Now even there with the connected EV charger, they're seeing how the EV is doing. If you have a VPP program right from the app itself, we can sign up for the VPP program. We really bring a comprehensive solution that is completely differentiated, distributed architecture on inverters, the battery arguably one of the safest batteries, connected EV chargers and a complete system solution for the homeowner and of course, a great customer experience. So take any -- we have a very competitive solution. And like I said, competition is not new for us at all.
Raghu Belur: It start waiting, right? It's our -- we have to go out there. And we and the rest of our industry needs to get out there and continue educating our installer partners, helping our install partners, educate the homeowner, that's what it's going to take. And I think all the tools are there, everything is ready. But most importantly, the economics are there, right? It's simply getting in front of the homeowner, getting and convincing them, showing them the numbers, showing them using a tool like Solargraf and showing them what a solar install of the house would look like, the size of the battery that they would require and then showing them the payback period that it's anywhere from 5 to 7 years and getting better at utility rate continues to improve. So I think we are all doing the right things. We are getting out there and key same phase, we are getting out there and I'm sure our competition is also getting out there and educating both installers and customers and so we expect -- yes, we expect it's simply a matter of time. I think you'll see -- you'll see the California market turnaround as well.
