Kris Sennesael: Thank you, Paul. First, I will provide some more detail on our third quarter financial results before turning to the business outlook for the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the financial measures that I’m going to provide are in non-GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. During the third quarter, we continued our track record of execution and improving top and bottom line as well as cash flow. Revenue for the third quarter was a record $62 million up 7% sequentially and coming in at the upper end of the revenue guidance of $59 million to $63 million, During the third quarter of 2013, we shipped 426,000 microinverters representing 94 megawatts. Approximately 15% or 60,000 units were the Enphase fourth generation microinverter systems. Domestic revenue comprised 84% of third quarter total revenue, while the international revenue made up 16%. As Paul mentioned, our international revenue was down sequentially mainly driven by weak seasonal business environment due to the summer holidays and various regulatory actions impacting the solar industry incentives. In the third quarter, we set another gross margin record at 28.3% which is an increase of 140 basis points compared to 26.9% in the third quarter of 2012, an increase of 20 basis points compared to our previous gross margin record in the second quarter of 2013. The third quarter gross margin improvement is driven by relatively stable average selling prices, ongoing cost reduction efforts and the benefit of the higher margin on our fourth generation system. During the third quarter, we continue to focus on our financial discipline delivering on our operating expense management strategy and leveraging the infrastructure that has been put in place. Operating expenses for the third quarter were $20.4 million, this is the fourth consecutive quarter we have maintained our spending at this level. R&D was $7.7 million, sales and marketing was $7.6 million and G&A was $5.1 million. Sales and marketing expenses were up slightly from the prior quarter but were offset by reductions in R&D and G&A. These non-GAAP operating expenses did not include approximately $2 million in stock-based compensation expenses and $400,000 in severance cost. Our top line growth, record gross margins and flat operating expenses enabled us to further reduce our operating loss and net losses. For the third quarter of 2013, we recorded an operating loss of $2.9 million and a net loss of $3.7 million or a loss of $0.09 per share. On a GAAP basis, the net loss was $6.3 million or $0.15 per share. Now let’s talk about our continued improvement in cash flow. Third quarter negative operating cash flow was reduced to $500,000 and net cash flow was a negative $2.2 million. As our improved financial performance and focus on working capital management moves us closer to positive cash flows. We exited the quarter with a total cash balance of $31.8 million. And once again, we did not draw on our available debt facilities. During the quarter, we repaid approximately $600,000 on our existing term debt. Turning to working capital, we ended the third quarter with inventory at $24.4 million up $6.5 million from the second quarter. The higher inventory levels are associated primarily with our current product transition. We expect to reduce inventory levels in the fourth quarter in advance of our seasonally softer first quarter. We ended the quarter with accounts receivable of $34.7 million up slightly from the $32 million in the second quarter inline with the sequential revenue increase. Capital expenditures during the third quarter were $1.4 million and depreciation and amortization was $1.8 million. Now I would like to turn to our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2013. We expect revenue for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $62 million to $65 million, which is an increase of 8% to 13% on a year-over-year basis. Regarding gross margin, we expect gross margin to be within a range of 29% to 32% as we continue to drive down product cost and benefit from the product transition. We also expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be roughly flat compared to the third quarter. And now, I will open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: Right. We have a breakeven model with revenue at $80 million per quarter, 30% gross margin and 30% OpEx which is $24 million of OpEx. However, as you have seen in our financials we have been able to keep our operating expenses well below the $24 million level, it’s currently at $20.4 million, $20.5 million. So as a result of that our breakeven model is actually currently below the $80 million per quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So part of that is driven by an increase of the fourth generation as we mentioned during the call. In the third quarter roughly 15% was fourth generation, we expect in the fourth quarter that to increase to 20% to 30% of overall shipments. So that is definitely helping us. Now in addition to that we will continue to drive down the cost on our third generation product and made further improvements across the board. And so that all together gives us a view to 29% to 32% gross margin for the fourth quarter.
Kris Sennesael: So Ed, now our long-term gross margin target is 35% to 40% and so we are well on our way to achieve that. I cannot guarantee however that we will achieve that. We have 100% of four generation shipments. A lot of that will depend as you pointed out what will happen from a pricing point of view. Competitive pricing and how we react to that with our pricing. And so that will be a key driver but yes, long-term 35%, 40%, we do have line of site to achieve that over time.
Kris Sennesael: Phil just to add the U.K. residential solar market as well as the Australian residential solar market, each of them is approximately the same size as the U.S. residential solar market. So it’s a really large market and we have only started our adventures there. And so we have a tremendous opportunity to go and take share in that market grow our share and grow our business.
Paul Nahi: Sure. Currently our gross margins have been affected by three specific factors. One, clearly is technology and our ability to integrate more of our device on to a single asset and thereby reducing the part count and reducing the size of the inverter. Another element certainly is volume and the scale associated with that. Another is simply just the growing size of the inverter, the fact that modules are becoming more powerful and attendant microinverters that’s also equally powerful. Going forward, we see those three main factors still at play. There is a lot of technology in front of us, a lot of technology development that’s going to help continue to reduce the cost. We have seen that in every subsequent generation of our product and we don’t see that slowing down. Our volume continues to increase and that is also having a very significant effect. Now I would only caution you that as we have seen in the past, we have reduced ASPs anywhere between 6% and 12% year-on-year and we certainly see a similar trend in the future. So there is going to be some downward pressure as a result of normal ASP trend. But the continuing upward momentum on gross margin as a result of technology volume and inverter size will continue.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So starting with your last question first, we are seeing our market share in the U.S. hold steady, if anything it may be slightly trending up but let’s call it holding steady for now. In terms of competition you are exactly right about micros, in fact at this point all the largest inverter manufacturers have announced that they are currently selling micros. We have not seen any appreciable effect in our market as a result of that. Clearly our competition today is coming more from traditional string and central inverters. And there all I would say is that we are not seeing any change in the fundamental landscape. The players are not really changing there, the market shares are staying relatively constant, one versus the other. So I don’t think we are seeing anything dramatic occurring in that area.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So we are actually growing in a number of new markets. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the U.K. and Australia are tremendous residential markets for Enphase and we are just beginning there. In fact, those markets individually while not quite as big as U.S. market or close to the same size. And our market share in both of those cases is relatively small simple because we’re new entrants in those markets. So there is a potential – there is a tremendous amount of growth potential in those new markets. There is also growth potential in the U.S. commercial market which we’re continuing to do well in. So our overall, growth trajectory, I think is going to be very healthy in 2014 and beyond, we see a lot of room both domestically and internationally for growth. When you look at Enphase in the scheme of all the solar, even all of DG, you will find that we are still in the very early innings of this game and we have a lot of headroom in front of us.
Paul Nahi: So you are right. Every subsequent product that we introduced does see a significant cost reduction. And as we said in the past, you don’t necessarily see all of those cost reductions on day one often times in fact almost in every case, you will some cost reduction immediately. But then, through the course of that product life time, we will continue to reduce cost through a variety of different means. We have seen what we have expected to see from the fourth generation product, primarily as a result of technology and specifically semiconductor design. But, we also expect to see continued cost reduction throughout the – its life time as well. Again, that is good news on cost reduction, good news on gross margin, should be tempered with what we have fully expect to being a normal definition ASPs as we have seen in the past.
Paul Nahi: So the team is being built in Australia as we speak. We really do believe it could be a very strong potential market for Enphase. The dynamics of that market are very healthy. It is effectively while not entirely, it is effectively an unsubsidized market right now in roof top PG, which we believe to be a very positive trend. The initial indication has been extremely positive, our product has been very well-received and again we are just starting, so we feel very comfortable about our current position and our ability to grow that market. Japan is a little more complicated for a variety of different reasons. We are actively engaged with several potential strategic partners. Japan has both some marketing challenges as well, some technical challenges which needs to be over come, all of which are eminently doable but its just a question of resource and time. We do view Japan as a strong market for Enphase, not exactly should sure when we are going to enter that market.
Paul Nahi: So the answer to the question is, yes, we feel that we have done what we had set out to do which is reduce the inventory in the supply chain. And the reason for that as we talked about in the past, it’s in large part due to the transition from the third to the fourth generation product. And I think part of it is just normal course of business, throughout the year. Inventory levels will fluctuate and because we have very clear visibility on our -- not just ourselves in data but out data its very important for us to maintain a healthy level of inventory in the channel, which means that we need to manage it from time to time.
Paul Nahi: So sure, today approximately 15% to 20% of our shipments are commercial, most of that is in the U.S. Going forward, we expect that to increase, we have already seen a tremendous trend and there are examples of that which we shared with you on the prepared remarks on several multi-megawatt site. So we do expect the percentage of commercial to increase, while we increase the residential and we expect that trend to be not just U.S. but also international.
Paul Nahi: We have not announced the fifth generation inverter, the timing for the release of the fifth generation. What we said in the past is that traditionally if you look at historically what we have done and if you look at Silicon Valley tech companies in general, from generation to generation can be anywhere approximately 18 to 24 months. Having said that I will note that the fifth generation as you all know is well underway it’s actually operating, its on rooftops. We have actually just started the sixth generation as well. So we continue to invest heavily both in hardware and in software to increase our lead.
Paul Nahi: So we can’t speak specifically to 2014. We don’t guide to that level of specificity but what we can say is that the – we are continuing to gain share in just about every international markets we are in. The adoption of the product, the reception to the microinverter technology has been fantastic. We are seeing the exact same level of response there that we did in the U.S. maybe back in 2008, 2009 which gives us a great deal of confidence that we are going to be able to achieve internationally what we have achieved in the U.S. Having said that of course, there are logistics issues, there are operational issues, having to build teams in those countries, establish sales, customer support, training and all the rest. We are well on our way to doing that in the core countries that we are focused on right now. So I would say long-term we expect the percentage of sales to come from rest of the world to increase very dramatically from where it is right now. And we are very confident we are going to able to achieve that.
Paul Nahi: Thank you for joining us on today’s call. The third quarter 2013 was a record breaking quarter with strong execution on our strategic initiatives and solidifying our position as the industry leader. We look forward to speaking with you beginning of next year as we report on our fourth quarter and full year 2013 accomplishments.
