Brian Lee: Hey, guys. Thanks for the questions and congrats on the strong quarter. I guess maybe first question on the Q1 guidance, the safe harbor revenue, appreciate all the granularity of providing around the dollar figures, can you also give us a sense of what the customer mix looks like, I know in Q4, you had specific called out the one customer, SunRun, is it the same customer in Q1, is it a totally different customer in Q1 and if it’s a different customer, are there multiple customers? That will be the first question I have.
Brian Lee: Okay, fair enough. That’s helpful. And then I guess if I – I don’t want you to – I don’t want to corner you into give any more guidance than you are willing to provide, but you did try to provide us a little bit of sense around Q2. So when I look back at the Q2 revenue trends historically, there has been about an average of 30% give or take sequential revenue growth and also a similar range for volumes if I look back to the model, dating all the way back to the 2010s. I know a lot has changed over the period, but is that the type of seasonality we should expect in Q2 this year as well based on your incumbents around healthy bookings and seasonality on core revenues, again, assuming no safe harbor and then no incremental coronavirus impact being the base cases, just wondering if that’s sort of the read we should be taking away from your comments? Thanks.
Brian Lee: Alright. And then maybe last one if I could squeeze it in, just around the Encharge, it’s encouraging to hear you guys are on schedule for the shipments in Q1, one of your peers who also has a new product in the market. Just last week, Generac announced that they are raising their target for shipments by 50% versus there original view, any thoughts around kind of the market makeup as you are seeing early traction of preorders and also to March and just in the context of your 5% attach rate, is there potentially some upside as you move through the year given how the market is developing? Thanks guys.
Badri Kothandaraman: It is a different customer. In fact, there are multiple customers, yes, for the safe harbor, long-term $44.5 million.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, that’s a good question. As you correctly said, Q2 is quite seasonally strong whether the number is 20% or 30%, it’s hard for us to say at this point in time, but in general, we expect to outperform the industry seasonality.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, look we are extremely excited by our product. In fact, Encharge is running well at all three of our houses, my house, Eric’s house, Raghu’s house, we are all running. In fact, I went off-grid this morning for about 8 hours. So we are really happy with the performance of Enchage so far. And of course it’s time for us to bring to the market. Ours – if you really step back and think about it, why installers like that solution a lot and this is what the installers told us is really it’s the all in one solar and storage system, seamless experience for the homeowner, one number to call, very high quality, very high customer experience, safe AC architecture, all controlled by Ensemble energy management technology. That’s our value proposition. And we are sticking to our value proposition, there is obviously a lot of competition, lot of noise in the market, but I think our value proposition is quite difficult to compete against. So, we will – many people are coming, we will see them in the marketplace, that’s all I can say right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, look we used to have expedite charges of more than 200 basis points before. That situation has changed. We are now normalized with respect to expedite it’s really in the noise. Of course, due to coronavirus, we have planned little bit more than usual, but that’s already factored in the guidance and going forward if the situation normalizes with respect to coronavirus we will – expedite is going to become nice. It’s not going to be significant for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean for those, basically we are thinking about the second half of the year, it’s the rough order would be the IQ 8 microinverters on the roof would be the first followed by the commercial microinverters followed by the Ensemble in a box.
Badri Kothandaraman: We’ll have small shipments of Encharge in Q2 – I mean in Q1, but nothing significant in terms of revenue. Q2 will have one full quarter of Encharge and we expect that to be nice.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, you got it. Think about $59 million of cash savings for the monetization of the NOL and tax credits, right. That’s for my cash. And for P&L, we give you all the data to be able to morrow on a non-GAAP basis. When those are exhausted, we flip GAAP and non-GAAP will be the same.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, we don’t really breakout the exact numbers for Europe, but I did give you some color this time, on the total revenue for 2019 was $68 million. Our plan is to double it in 2020 to go to $136 million. And like what I told you, we have not been happy with our progress in Europe, but that has changed. Now, we are actually doing very well. We have hired already bunch of sales guys in place. We have internal transfers from the U.S. already in place, they have already started. And so in terms of headcount, approximately 5 sales people was the number we had in 2019 and that number will triple as we get towards March and April. So we are tripling our sales headcount in Europe. We are focusing on the right regions. Our sales guy in Germany already started. He is driving the collaboration with Kraton. We have already hired the guys for Spain. And we are doubling down on Netherlands, our most important area. We are also going to double down on France, where we have a very high market share already. Yes, I mean it’s a good story right now. We are very confident that we are going to make progress. We are very confident of start seeing an uptick in revenue as early as Q1.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, like what I told you guys in the Analyst Day, cost reduction is embedded in our DNA, that’s what I call as operational excellence. We look at all kinds of costs. If I look at microinverter costs, I look at the transformer costs, defect costs, the connector costs, for example, the connector yes I can talk about that for hours. So we have a DC connector in our microinverter. Today, we have an adapter cable that converts the connection from the panel into a proprietary connector on the microinverter. We are going to eliminate that adapter cable by building what is called as an MC4 light connector on the microinverter. That alone will save us roughly $2 to $3, but that’s going to take some time. It’s going to take some time. It’s going to be done over multiple quarters. That is just an example of one. We are focusing on transformers. We are focusing on the – always on sourcing the right AC effects. We are always working on combinations where we can integrate more components into out ASIC. So that’s on the microinverter. On the accessories, gateway is an entire exercise. Our Envoy is – we are spending a lot about trying to take cost out of the Envoy, the same effort on the cable and we will apply the same diligence to Encharge going forward. So, that’s why you see our gross margins kinds of sequentially going up. If you see the Q4 number or Q3 number was 36%, Q4 ‘19 we did around 37%, we are guiding 36% to 39% for Q1. So, we are getting more and more executing well on the cost deduction.
Badri Kothandaraman: So, as I said, it’s in the second half of 2020 and yes, it’s almost ready. And basically you rightly pointed out it’s already available inside the Encharge, but of course we have to do a lot more work with lot of flavors on IQ 8, which is IQ 8, IQ 8+, the IQ 8X, the IQ 8A and then the real effort is to make sure that the gateway talks to the same language as IQ 8 and ensuring that we do all the due diligence on quality on the various flavors. So, we might do it, earlier things go better, but for now I am just – I am not giving a quarter, but I am saying generically second half of 2020.
Badri Kothandaraman: Thanks. So just to give you a quick thing, we make all our microinverters at Flex for young [ph], that’s about 12 hours drive from Wuhan. We have done our homework in terms of the raw materials, the supplier of the raw materials etcetera. Most of our raw material suppliers are in Suzhou and Hangzhou which are also a little bit away from Wuhan. From our diligence checks, our raw materials aren’t, they aren’t affected. And so if I were to think about the entire situation in terms of priority, I would think the following: number one is labor, is labor back in full force or not, the labor in our Flex factory is roughly about, because of the reduced labor our throughput is roughly 50% of the full capacity which is still pretty good for us and then the second priority or the second constraint that we think about is logistics we hear that the outbound logistics from China is getting difficult and so we are always watching our we are paying attention to that the third is a raw materials that you pointed out which we have done the homework we think we are good there. The fourth is obviously we are doing this conference call so late 7 weeks into the quarter if the revenue guidance for the quarter is X we have already shipped 7 over 13X right now that is what I mean by I am at 100% lane we have already shipped that revenue 7 over 13 multiplied by X is what we have shipped the last one is what god he is doing over a 50,000 units a week and of course what depends on the raw material from China and so there is always risk there but we feel pretty good about that guidance right now we have factored all of this situation in both revenue as well as gross margin guidance and considering that we one of the data point is we are fully booked to the guidance that we gave you we are fully booked we are 100% linear we have done the homework in terms of raw materials we are paying extraordinary attention to logistics and so at this time we feel pretty good that if that situation materially changes because there is something that we don’t know we will come back to you but that’s what we know now. 
Badri Kothandaraman: In the current situation I mean the situation remains the same we will be I don’t think will be in and I don’t think we will have a problem for Q2 if it remains the same the reason is of course we are making good progress in Mexico that is starting to take the burden more and more we are keeping a close eye on the raw material so all things being equal if it were exactly the same in a few days from now and Q2 beginning I am still pretty optimistic about Q2 but you don’t realize that things can change by the day so that’s all I can tell you right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Yes, so we are clear when the supply chain right now is in turbulence due to the coronavirus. Other suppliers are thinking about raising the prices we are not we basically value our customers this time we think that they have already taken a lot of burden on the tariffs so we are not planning to raise prices and it is not prudent for us to also drop prices without understanding the situation on the supply chain due to the virus. So if things stabilize, we will do exactly what I said, which is basically depending upon the percentage of manufacturing in [indiscernible] versus China for North American shipments we will basically reduce prices to that level. And that will happen sometime in Q3 if the situation gets stable in terms of the coronavirus. If not, we got to wait and watch.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We think the reasonable level of inventory to have is usually 8 to 10 weeks and we tried to maintain our channel inventory between 8 to 10 weeks like what I pointed out the last earnings call. But what you said is right we have grown a lot in the last year. Mainly the growth is because of our IQ 7 product, fantastic product it’s due to quality, due to customer experience. We have made a lot of announcements with Tier 1s. We have made a lot of announcement with the long-tail installers. We recently signed up Petersen-Dean and SunRun as well. Things look good there. But as long as we don’t take our eye off the ball in terms of customer experience, I believe we will continue to take shift.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Just to get our terminology straight, right now, we are doing what are called as alpha. Alphas are basically near and dear people is what we are doing and like what I said to Eric’s house, my house, or Raghu’s house are all running full Ensemble. And that’s what we have done. So we are giving feedback to the team. There aren’t any major issues. There are always minor in our teething issues that are there in this. And now coming to the second thing is the training, the training of installers. We have trained all our beta installers. So they are our – what we call as the ambassadors that we claimed in the first round. So we obtained about 70 installer personnel and 32 installation companies. These farm our beta network and that essentially in the first week of March they will start installing – pardon, the second week of March, they will start installing beta systems. Ad we are going to get further feedback from that. By that time our compliance will also be done. And so we will be in a very good position in order to ship the product. But in terms of the performance of the product, we are actually exercising it. Like in my house like yes, like what I said this morning I was off-grid for about 6 hours. And everything goes finally, didn’t even – someone has flipped my app to go from on-grid to off-grid, so we can enter it through the app and they were doing a test in my house and I didn’t even know that I was off-grid. That’s a big deal. If I can make that customer experience seamless, it’s all going to be that. We can make that customer experience seamless, I think so there is a lot of upside here.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes but it is not because of the reason you said our architecture is a scalable architecture fully resonant architecture so we are able to what we told you in the analyst day is that the power density for our product is 50% higher for IQ 8D than IQ 8 which means we are able to pack a lot more power not more power in the same form factor and of course that translates into cost and of course we are going to be competitive but we do not price on cost we price on value what is the differentiation with respect to our next best alternative we will have to look at what is in the competition and what value are we specifically providing is it higher quality is it better customer experience is it better installation less labor all of those factors need to be looked at and then we will price our products.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes the idea is very neat right. If you basically have in-roof solar, and you do it for new homes you would think that it can it basically can catch on like wildfire right but this is an entirely brand new market we have not seen it kick off I expect that it will be a slow and steady growth because we are introducing it in a matured country like Germany. Germany is very strict on quality is very strict on customer experience they would not ramp something as fast it is going to be in a measured way but the advantages are very, very clear it is an AC roof basically standardizes everything and it will reduce the cost of an installation it by definition the modules are built in the factory including the microinverters quality is going to be very high and it is all in all a good experience for the installer so the installers obviously they want it but at this point it is too early for us to talk about the wrap.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we did the safe harbor with SunRun in Q4 and we are doing safe harbor in Q1 with the couple of customers who are not new who are our existing customers the answer to your question is we expect them to use a lot of the safe harbor material but that does not mean that they would not place additional orders in the quarters of course the orders will be in the reduced magnitude but I think they will still be tightened that is what I think.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean it is one way here I have to rely on our partners like SunPower like Peterson and Dean like Lennar homes, these are our partners. They are our front-end to the homeowners to the home builders and so we expect it really well because of our partnership with SunPower here and partnership with Peterson Dean and like our imagine a house being fitted with like for example in the case of Peterson just imagine a house being fitted with an all in one solar and storage system with beautiful in charge in the Enphase solar system that is going to be an amazing customer experience for them. 
Badri Kothandaraman: Absolutely. I mean it is a nice opportunity for us we are ideally placed because many of these will be small systems and if these small systems the whole point of micro inverters is I can build small systems very easily whole point of Encharge is I can do modularity flexibility very easily I can do 3.3 kilowatt or 6.6, 9.9 or 10 kilowatt hour and I can add chunks later depending upon the customer need for example Raghu has got a 10 kilowatt hour system he wants to add two more 3.3 I have a 16.8 kilo watt hour system Eric has got a 20 kilo watt hour system so each of us are different and the modularity really helps us to fine tune exactly what we want.
Badri Kothandaraman: Most of Europe right now today is 72 cell modules I believe and so that’s basically IQ 7+ and IQ 7 are the predominant cells in Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: Since we are actually shipping to Tier 1, the gross margin in terms are a little bit lower but as you can see we have made extraordinary improvements in gross margins so you can see despite our huge shipments of safe harbor in Q4 our gross margin increased from Q3 to Q4 
Badri Kothandaraman: No, I mean it’s not an accurate way of looking at it. It basically depends the way you look at it, your calculations, take revenue, overall revenue divide it by the number of microinverters is not the real story, because for example, if we do ship our AC batteries which are our first generation batteries. Each of them has got an ASP of $1,000. So we are not breaking those, but your calculation includes those. If we ship a lot of cables for example, if we ship by disproportionate amount of cables, the overall revenue will actually come down. If you ship, I mean, the overall ASP will actually come down. So it’s a heavily dependent on mix. But what I can tell you is this we pay very close attention on what we call as customer variance that we reduced price at a customer – and specific customer and calculate that. And we roll that up. And those numbers are actually very, very less. So, there is really – pricing is very healthy, pricing is flat. And except for what I talked about in terms of the [indiscernible] transition, we don’t see many changes to pricing.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, I think there was a lot of discussion about it, but we have not heard anymore discussion on the tariffs going away and we also know that there is exclusions there. So I don’t believe that, that can play right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: So, thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again during our Q1 2020 earnings call in April. Thank you.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. So we are considering the possibility that starting in Q3 we may start providing breakouts on revenue. We haven’t made the final decision yet. There are external reporting considerations, but we understand that when this becomes meaningful part of our ramp, it will create a little bit of a problem for you folks to be able to model and we are very sensitive to that and we will address it when we have more visibility into how that will workout for external reporting.
Eric Branderiz: Like what I said, our – if you think about gross margin, gross margin is a combination of pricing and cost. We are continuously improving our cost in terms of pricing. We know right now the pricing environment is very stable, but of course, we always model 1% to 2% price reductions every quarter, that’s what we do.
Eric Branderiz: Yes. So most of the infrastructure investments that we need to make for the headquarters, many of the IT improvements that we need to do actually will heat OpEx, so what I will say is that we provided the guidelines of 15% of revenue and our view is that the way you guys who know it is by taking that one as kind of base line and then it could be a little bit better than that but for the most part you should consider that to be best I mean investment lines through R&D increases a little bit of the sales in Europe and some of the IT infrastructure security things that we need to do for the company that in the old ways those used to be of a CapEx. Most of the subscription base or license-based IT investment that we need to make is on now P&L, here in the P&L. So that’s the way we are going to be subsidizing through the P&L in the form of investments and our infrastructure growth and supporting the growth.
Eric Branderiz: And it will get a little more complicated with Ensemble coming onboard, right. So we will provide some help hopefully for you guys tomorrow when the meaningful revenue of Ensemble starts to become more clear right.
