Badri Kothandaraman: So let me first make a couple of things clear. First of all, the constraints are only on the solar side, which is solar microinverters. And although, we are increasing the capacity of solar microinverters every quarter and the demand is increasing every quarter, the supply is unable to keep up with demand because of semiconductor component constraints. The semiconductor component constraints are mainly because of two specific components. One is the ASIC chip that we have. The other is an AC FET driver that drives the gate of the 600 volt transistors. And what we have done is, on both of them, we have bought on multiple suppliers. For example, on the AC FET drivers, we had two suppliers before. Now we are going to have three suppliers. On the ASIC, we were producing it in one foundry before. Now we are going to qualify an additional foundry. However, our demand is so high for Q2 and we expect a similar demand situation for Q3 that even though our available supply is higher than the prior quarter, it is still not sufficient to meet our demand. This is on the solar side. On the storage side, it's pretty simple. We shipped 32 megawatt hours in Q4. We shipped 42 megawatt hours in Q1 that is 30% higher, and we are making tremendous progress there. Our strength in storage is taking care, meaning introduced storage to our long tail installers. And we have trained 1,776 installers, representing 1,035 unique installation companies. That's our bread and butter. These are the folks who are engaged with us on the solar side and they have started buying storage. We are also engaged with the Tier 1 and 2 customers on storage, and we expect more progress here. In addition, like what I said, we have started roundtables every week with our long tail installers to understand all their pain points. And if I look at it, what are the installer pain points? The storage is still immature as a business for the installers. They have to make multiple trips per home because it is so new. The system sizing tools aren't up to speed yet, which is something we are going to be working on with our Sofdesk acquisition. Every job is a custom job. We are trying to standardize that with load control, having whole home backup instead of partial home backup. The homeowners are demanding because all of a sudden you're now in the path of power. And so the sales, meaning the customer service that the installers have to do, is much higher than the solar side. On top of it, we have permitting delays from the countries because, again, it's a new product and not everybody is used to it. And Enphase can help in all of the above. We are going to provide exceptional customer service. We are going to have field service teams to help installers. We bought a company to do solar and storage design software. We bought a company to enable permitting services. And so we have all of the tools to help the installers. However, this is going to take time. And that's why you see our growth is steady growth that we are talking about. We grew 35% from Q3 to Q4. We grew 30% from Q4 to Q1. We are growing modestly from Q1 to Q2, but we have no doubt that we are doing the right thing. And in addition, the other thing that would spur demand is international locations. It's got to be similar. We are going to take care of long tail installers internationally. We are going to introduce product imminently second half of the year early into Europe and then into Australia in the latter part of 2021. And in addition, I talked about the things we are doing on the homeowner side is introduce load control, which is the ability to turn on and turn off loads. The turning off loads is critical when you're in an off grid situation so that the homeowner experience is pristine. So we are focused on those. And we are also going to up our game on the marketing side. I recently -- yes, last quarter, I announced our CMO. And we are going to go all out on that front in terms of promotions, branding, looking at multiple channels, looking at the way we go to market, partnering with loan providers and 24/7 support, field service. We believe all of these tools are necessary, and it will help us make steady progress on storage every quarter. A long answer but I hope I answered the question.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, like what I said, we expect to make steady progress on storage every quarter. We gave you guidance for Q2. Q3 will be steady progress on top of that. In terms of constraints on the storage systems, it's really, yes, microinverters are also included, yes, in the storage system. Every 10 kilowatt hour battery has got 12 microinverters. But in the big scheme of things, it's a small number relative to our overall demand. So we don't expect that to play a big deal there. And we are comfortable with the capacity that we have on the storage side. And like what I always said, we will bring in additional suppliers in 2023. And we have two suppliers today.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's pretty simple. The supply is not very predictable. Our demand is going higher and higher. We are increasing our supply every quarter. We are putting in much higher capacity in place for Q3 and Q4. But if you ask me today how confident our view on the supply, and it's tough because the situation is unpredictable. And the decommits are -- there are often decommits that we have to dance around. I am working with the CEOs of all three companies directly. And for example, on the AC FET drivers, but the situation is stressed globally and I don't think it is unique to us. Our architecture uses semiconductors. So the supply is -- yes, it's what it is. The good news is the -- yes, the demand has increased a lot for Q2 and Q3, stressing the supply situation even more. And that's what changed from the previous call. Yes, that's the truth.
Badri Kothandaraman: You asked me for some numbers. I'm not going to say exact numbers, but I'm going to say one thing, that the demand is higher than all the numbers that you quoted, which is the good news. The second question, what is the second question? The third question, pricing. I'm not changing pricing. The second question on gross margin. Our gross margin guidance, non-GAAP is 38 to 41. We are not going to exactly break out what we did for expedite, but it's a big number. And you expect that because when you have supply chain problems, the factories are running hand to mouth. The factories are running hand to mouth, there is no time to put product on a boat. The only way we can get product to customers is air ships. Air ships per unit pricing to put a microinverter on the plane is enormous. It's usually 10 times or 15 times the price that it takes to ship on the ocean as expected. And these are all not new. They are standard. So hopefully, I gave those numbers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean, like what I said, I don't have that much visibility right now, but I do expect the supply situation to get better every quarter, especially because we have bought on a third supplier and that third supplier will eventually start ramping. So I do expect Q3 to get better. I expect Q4 to get even more better. But will that match our demand? I cannot predict it now.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are not going to break out revenue. Now with regarding gross margin, we will not enter any business unless we have a view to achieving our corporate gross margin.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's a longer term play, load control, generator functionality, grid services. These are all functions that we progressively want to introduce to existing homes. At this point, at least for load control and generator functionality, we are not charging for it. Grid services is a separate story because there is clear financial component there. So once we get ramped up there, we'll figure out how to properly do value based pricing there. But in terms of storage, overall, our pricing strategy has always been value based. Our pricing will be next best alternative plus the value we add on top of that. Yes, for example -- in micro inverters, for example, is we compare to the competition, that's the next best alternative. And then we say, what do we do better? We do quality. Our PPM defects -- defective parts per million, that's much lower and our customer services is much better. So similar things apply to storage as well. Of course, it's a maturing market and so we need to be competitive, but we will always follow our value based pricing story. And if we don't add value, then it's pretty clear, right? We are going to be competing against competition. There's going to be price competition, and we never want to be like that. So that's why we are adding these features. And these features are the differentiated features, which is load control, generation functionality, grid services and a lot more soon.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, there the story is we're making a lot of progress there, both in terms of the business as well as the product features and compliance. The problem there is mainly with the supply situation uncertain, I don't want to ramp yet another new product with the same components, while I'm not servicing my current customers proper. So that's why I made a decision on, let's make sure that we cautiously ramp that product. But it's a fantastic product. We are working with design tool partners. In our design and proposal partners, we are working with -- we are beginning to work with financials. We haven't made too much progress there, but we are beginning to work there. And most of our business right now is focused on North America. That's the first product. And then in six months, we will introduce it in Europe as well as Australia where there's even bigger time for small commercial.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, the comments are consistent with that number. You can break down the 5 million the following way. Mexico capacity is roughly -- we'll get to 1.5 million units a quarter. Salcomp, India capacity will get to 1.5 million units a quarter, at least minimum quantities. China is already a couple of million units a quarter. So 1.5 plus 1.5 plus 2, 5 million units a quarter, all by the end of 2021. So that's completely consistent with what I said. Now that capacity, that's the capacity of the factory, that's got nothing to do with supply. The supply of the semiconductor components needs to improve, needs to become consistent, need to become predictable for me to cater to such a big demand. And that, today, I do not have visibility into those numbers.
Badri Kothandaraman: We have been working on this for some time. And our current foundry is -- I mean, we have talked about this before. This is not new. Our current foundry is TSMC and we are qualifying an additional foundry.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, IQ 7 took four quarters. So IQ 8 will take a similar time. And with the supply constraints, maybe you can add one or two quarters more, four to six quarters.
Badri Kothandaraman: The reason why we are doing it is to reduce the footprint, to increase power, to increase efficiency and drop costs. And I'll give you a quick example. Today, we have 4 AC high voltage FETs. They are the 600 volt FETs, 4 600 volt FETs. And then we have two AC FET gate drivers, which is ahead all the shortages. Those two AC FET gate drivers are driving the four 600 volt FETs. So we have four plus two, six components there. With gallium nitride, what we could do is to collapse two of those 600-volt FETs into one and we could integrate that AC gate driver also into the same package. So six discrete components will go to two discrete components. Of course, cost of gallium nitride will be a little bit higher, but the integration capability is very powerful. And what does that mean is I can run my AC FETs now at a higher frequency. Today, I run them at 100 kilohertz. I can run them at a much higher frequency. If I run those if I run those FETs at a higher frequency, then all of a sudden, I can drop my transformer size. My big transformer, which is there in the microinverter, can drop in phase drastically, dropping the footprint. So we are working concurrently on planar transformers in addition to gallium nitride FETs. That's the name of the game. If we're able to optimize that properly, there is huge wins for us. And it will help us to increase the power of the microinverter while keeping the cost down, while keeping the footprint down, while keeping the economics intact. So that's what we are working with multiple companies, and it is R&D. It's going to take us 2022 or 2023 to get an IQ 10 product, but IQ 9 will be a little bit before that, but it's R&D.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, that's the name of the game. Storage by itself, some people say it makes sense. But in order to have a regenerative system that can function off grid, you want solar as well. So solar plus storage is a big deal. And that is precisely why we are focused on our long tail installers because they already sell in phase microinverters for a living. And now if they start selling Enphase storage systems and more actually home energy management systems, which are solar plus storage systems that would be a big win. So all of our efforts are taking our Enphase Installer Network and even bigger than that, taking our long tail installers, which is much more than the Enphase Installer Network, work really closely with them, train them properly, remove their installer pain points, help them with 24/7 support, help them with field service so that they can ramp solar plus storage with us, that's the opportunity.
Badri Kothandaraman: But, it's the same answer. I hope by the end of 2021, these problems go away. But right now, I'm living from day to day. Supply is unpredictable. The semiconductor -- it's not a situation only for me, it's a situation where every company who use the semiconductors. I don't have a crystal ball to predict the future.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, it does. Many of the folks in our teams are affected by it, either their families are affected or they are affected. They're all working from home, following all safety protocols. I mean, India, if you know, it is not in such a great shape today, in general, as a country. I mean, we are heartbroken by it. It's 300,000 plus new cases a day. So yes, I mean, some employees are affected, but they are also -- it lasts for about 10, 15 days. And during that time, they have full freedom to take care of themselves, and we will do all it takes to support them. But usually, they are back after two week break. And they are in the process of getting vaccinated. And I'm hoping within a quarter, the situation will come back to normalcy, but we are taking care of all of our employees absolutely.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, not really. Our 82% of our revenue comes from here. Yes, we need to diversify but most of our product experience comes from here. But having said that, it is true that, for example, places like Europe, Australia, even India, they do have an outstanding cost structure in general. And we need to really take costs out of all aspects, not just products but things like permitting, things like design and proposal, look at all inefficiencies in the chain. That's something that we've just started doing with the acquisitions. We'll do a lot more. And the name of the game, once again, is to collapse and consolidate all of those services for the installers onto the digital platform, so we can help them reduce the soft costs.
Badri Kothandaraman: We have two suppliers today, the second supplier is ramping just now, the first supplier is what we are using right now. Second supplier is just ramping. The third supplier, we do have good plans. However, I think it will turn on only in 2022.
Badri Kothandaraman: It will be predominantly 100% for Enphase storage. And we're already tightly engaged with a few aggregators in the East Coast. We are going to enable selling, meaning we're already enabling selling of storage systems there and we will turn on grid services within the next three months for them. Additionally, we are working with a couple of utilities as well who have directly approached us ad we are working with them, both in the East Coast and elsewhere here in the US. It does require a lot of software effort and the name of the game for us is, we have a long tail installer network that can help sell grid services properly to the homeowner. We can integrate grid services to the Ensemble home energy management system so that we take care of customer experience properly. And at the end of the day, if we enable homeowners to save a certain dollars, $500 a year while giving them this peace of mind that will be a big deal. So when we have an Enphase storage population that becomes tens of thousands, then VPP, meaning virtual power plant, will be very meaningful at that time. We are probably a year or two away from that but we are making a lot of progress in the interim with aggregators, with utilities. And we expect a lot more engagements with them.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we can get a portion of it. The primary thing here is, in the model where we work with a few aggregators who work with the utility there, the homeowner reaps the benefit and we provide a service for a fee. And where we directly work with the utilities, financially, there may be more opportunities for us there. And like what I said, we are right now scratching the surface. We are working with aggregators who are working with the utilities. We are in some deep engagement. So we first understand the business properly and develop our home energy management APIs and micro services for the same, but it's not going to be that far off. In a few months, we would be able to work directly with the utilities.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, solar is very mature. The industry has got 25 years of warranty. So extended loans really helps the homeowner. And I think the rough breakdown in the industry between cash, loans and lease is about 10%, 60% and 30%, respectively, which means loans are roughly about 30% -- I mean, about 60% of the business. Now we need to enable storage to also have attractive loans. In order for them to have attractive loans, solar bundling with storage is one option. Having the right warranty structure on storage is another option, and we need to do both. And Enphase can help a lot here because this is what we are good at, power electronics, quality and customer experience. So we are thinking hard on working with partners. We have a lot of partners we're working with. And we can change the -- we have to work on the product quality to increase the warranty from 10 years to whatever we can. And once we do that, we will unleash loans to become more economical for the homeowners. It will increase the demand that's required for the long tail installers. So it's a long range. Eventually, this has to be done. But we are taking proactive steps to ensure product quality is right.
Badri Kothandaraman: We believe we must add value. We are not seeing a major problem on cell packs. I think we will be competitive and we have the right procurement organization to drive those costs down. The name of the game in storage is how can we provide outstanding quality and customer experience. It's the same thing which I told you. The long tail installers need not look storage as a drag on their margins. The storage needs to be a highly profitable business for them. Instead of going to the home multiple trips multiple times for an installation, it should be one and done. The sizing needs to be clear. Installations need to be a cookie cutter model. The permitting needs to be streamlined. The expectations for the homeowners need to be met. So things like load control are extremely critical. So we are going to be working on all of those things. And we believe that quality and customer experience will ultimately win, and that's what we do for a living. It's a model that has worked well for microinverters with our long tail installers, and now we are going to ramp storage with our long tail installers. And yes, it is tough. It takes time. It's slow and steady progress. And those are the kinds of businesses we like, healthy, profitable businesses.
Badri Kothandaraman: First of all, the installer networks, in Europe, there are going to be multiple of them, because Europe, you cannot generalize Europe. I think like what you said, Netherlands, our installer network there, they need something else versus installer network in Germany versus the installer network in the UK versus the network in Spain versus the network in Poland. That's the first thing to recognize. The second thing to recognize is what do they want? What is the rate for them, right? What is the rate for them? The important thing is if they can have one platform on which they can get all kinds of services, that's extremely important for them. New product availability, extremely important for them. They want to differentiate themselves from other installers. So they want nothing but the best. Like that, I could go on. There are multiple services that they need. So depending upon the tier of the installer, we have three tiers, platinum installers, gold installers, silver. And the way we categorize those three tiers is pretty simple, based upon their quality and based upon how they rate on customer experience that's measured, not by us, by the homeowners. So we rate it like that and then we make it attractive for platinum installers to be with us in terms of pricing, in terms of services we do. And we make sure there's healthy competition there. It's a much broader strategy and we are very cautious in introducing installer networks to every region without adequate planning. So last year, we spent the entire last year introducing installer network for the US and Australia. This year, we just started in Europe and we will introduce in India as well, but a lot more to come in Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: No. I mean, I'm wary of such deals. I usually not do such deals. I don't envision doing those. I hope and pray, this will be with us for a couple of more quarters and will be gone. And we'll be a better company because we have three suppliers instead of two, or we might even add one more. So we can always have supply diversification. We'll learn best practices from it. We'll institute our business processes within the company, and we will become better.
Badri Kothandaraman: All right. So thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye.
Eric Branderiz: On the margins, Brian, I think that the comment about operation, meaning we need to live with expedites for a while. But we are pretty predictable in the way we manage our margins. On that front, on the cost reduction schedules and the way we negotiated prices, short and long term, I don't see a problem there. And I think you're seeing -- we look at a midpoint of the guidance that it's been pretty consistent, and we just need a little bit of time to get the supply challenges in the industry figured it out. And from the comment about April to today, adding to what Badri said, things changed. It changed quite a bit. I mean, the predictability on the level of inventories at the contract manufacturing level and even at the supplier level, it got depleted because of the V-shaped recovery. So that created a little bit more variations on the predictability, now relying on purely what is on the line. So that created a difficulty for even them to forecast their commitments. So that's kind of where we are on that. But I think that the -- I feel okay with the margins, so I think we got a profitable business, and we keep the eye on the ball here.
Eric Branderiz: Yes, I mean, the expedite is going to be around with us as long as we get these challenges associated with supply constraint. So we should kind of get used to the concept that those are going to be embedded. What I'm saying is that, that is not going to get the margin worse. What I'm saying is we got a very credible, predictable cost reduction road map in the near term that gives me confidence that we can continue honoring our financial operating model and my comments associated with operating income, which all is driven when you're thinking about OpEx may go up a little bit, right, because we need to make the investments. That's what I said on my script. And then the question is, okay, so you have this expedite. What's going to happen with your operating income? Well, we feel confident that the cost road map will be there to deliver their goods. As we continue ramping complicated products like storage and the new products that Badri has in time for Q3 and Q4, IQ 8 on the roof and IQ 8D. So there is one area that we should feel comfortable is that margins continue to be fairly predictable in the short term. And in the long term, you can always use the financial operating model that we publicize size already. So that's the context within my comments.
Eric Branderiz: I mean, I'm not quite sure I cannot follow your question. But if I understand correctly, you're saying, Eric, you're planning to continue spending money on doing acquisitions and potentially your OpEx is going to go up. And then your…
Eric Branderiz: So let me clarify. We are in growth mode. And my message, hopefully, comes across very clear that we are not going to stop making the right investments at the right time either by processing our pipeline of deals that we have as we continue evaluating M&A or made the right OpEx investments, as I discussed on the script, on the prepared remarks, which are specific to go to market with products, including sales and marketing activities globally and so on. We did really well internationally because we never compromise on making the right investments. The good news on that is despite of this and despite of the expedites, I have my margins there to deliver the goods. So I can continue generating cash according to my model as I try to catch up with my revenue profile to fulfill my demand that right now is being hampered by the component supply constraint challenges that we have. I hope that answers your question.
Eric Branderiz: I mean, I'm not going to comment on details, but I'm telling you, Raghu, right now and Adam, both are in the call, have very ambitious plans, and they have great ideas. And they bring all sorts of very interesting stuff in for Badri and myself that we are evaluating carefully. The beauty about the having -- think about it. They have $1.5 billion of cash, of which I need probably to run the company only $300 million flowing cash, that's what maybe a little bit more now that we are getting bigger. So the rest is available for us to take advantage of the best opportunities that are available in the market. When you see things like what's happening right now with these packs kind of contracting a little bit that reopens the conversations very quickly. And certainly, the pricing on those conversations become much more reasonable to digest, I guess. And so we are aggressively looking at every opportunity. And on software, maybe selectively some hardware R&D houses, ongoing businesses completely that we can buy. And we demonstrated that we can absorb them, integrate them, culturally fit and then we run them fairly well. And it's going well, for example, with the two we just did in Q1. So I think that everything is on the table.
