Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we are not going to be guiding to any numbers for Q3 or Q4, but I told you the 4 vectors. And I think they're all very tangible ones. And we have the product coming out. I'll talk a little bit about the IQ 7 transition, and let me add some color on the IQ 7 transition. So basically, Q1 '18, we started shipping IQ 7 in the U.S. We did a limited quantity of IQ 7, which was by plan as part of a controlled ramp. In fact, 8% of our shipments in Q1 '18 was IQ 7. As we proceed to Q2, that number will get better, more IQ 7 shipments. We will start introducing IQ 7 to rest of the world. We will also introduce IQ 7X. Q3 '18 will be a significant ramp for IQ 7, and we'll complete the IQ 7 transition in Q4 '18. So that gives you some sense of the time line on the IQ 7 transition. And I already told you 3 of the 4 top line growth vectors are dependent on IQ 7 transition. So that's how I'm going to answer your question.
Badri Kothandaraman: I'm not going to provide conversion numbers, Phil, but like what I told you, 8% in Q1, incremental progress in Q2, big ramp in Q3, completion in Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So let me make some general comment on the ITC ruling. While we expect the ITC ruling, what we did not expect was the impact on AC modules. So we are working on an exception process to get exclusion on the microinverter portion of ACM. We have submitted to their exclusion request to the USTR, and we expect to hear from them by the end of June. Our overall direction as a company does not significantly change because of this tariff. Like what I said, profitable growth strategy, that doesn't change. We are working with a number of partners, some of who are affected by the tariff, some are not affected by the tariff. So we'll wait and watch, but that's our strategy.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, yes, the Q2 guidance is between $72 million and $80 million. Like what I said, it is about the IQ 7 transition, and we also talked about the 4 vectors for top line growth. So we expect to introduce IQ 7 in rest of the world. We introduced IQ 7, as you know, in the first quarter of Q1 '18 into the Americas. We now expect to introduce IQ 7 into rest of the world in Q2 of '18. And so that will be a continued ramp compared to the 8% number I told you. Then, Q3 and Q4 is where the ramps happen. Like what I said, Q3 will be a significant ramp. Q4 will complete. So some of the opportunities, top line opportunities that we are working on will start coming into play during that time along with our transition.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, I'll give you some color on pricing. So we have three levers on gross margin. The first one is pricing management. The second is supply chain optimization. The third is new product transition. So I'll talk about pricing management. Pricing has been very important to us. We hired a VP of Pricing almost a year ago. He taught us how to do pricing. So basically, our focus is value-based pricing. The way we do pricing is we look at the next best alternative. Then, we look at what value we add on top of that next best alternative. So that has taught us a lot. In addition, we are blocking and tackling on the transactional side to making sure that we are profit focused and shed away empty calories. That has been one more discipline. Also, the way we think about products is like, we think about product segmentation, how those products can be segmented from a pricing perspective in order to generate value. So basically, we have changed our game on pricing. With regarding how we model pricing, we usually model a couple of percent every quarter. And historically, for Q1 '18, for example, our pricing was flat. There has been not much change. In fact, it was up a little bit. But we model 2% erosion, price erosion quarter-on-quarter for the -- I mean for the 3 quarters in 2018.
Badri Kothandaraman: So I'll go to the OpEx. We have reduced OpEx very significantly as a company. So from $108 million in 2016, we have dropped to $73 million in 2017. Our Q1 '18 non-GAAP OpEx is a little higher, 25% of revenue because primarily due to Q1 seasonality of revenue. But we do expect our long-term OpEx to be consistent with the 30-20-10 operating model, which means close to 20%. We have certain investments that we make on profitable top line growth, which we will not compromise on, and we will do them. And in addition, the most important point there is we have opened an R&D center in India, and we now have over 50 employees in India. And India is a key strategy by which we can accomplish low OpEx as well as do all the things we need.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, IQ 7 will be our bread and butter, but IQ 8 addresses a brand-new market. And once you address a brand new market, there is a cycle of learning there. I'm sure we'll go through that cycle of learning. It's difficult for us to predict ramp, but the good news is we'll have the product out there.
Badri Kothandaraman: If you see our mix of international versus North America, right, we basically had 62% and 38%, which basically means 62% is North America and 38% is rest of the world. So rest of the world is becoming a nice fraction of our business. We want that to grow more and more. And it is important to note, the rest of the world is on the fifth-generation product, and it's directly transitioning to the seventh-generation product. Okay? So that should give you some color on the gross margin.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we are not going to be giving out cost numbers here. But the way we think about cost, right, our supply chain initiatives, for example, we have a multi-sourcing strategy, which means no matter what the component is, you always have multiple sources; 0-based costing approach, which means due to physics-based costing. You look at the stack-up of the product, and you calculate the cost from first principles. The third one is clear supplier selection and analysis, so basically, methodical analysis of suppliers in terms of their quality, in terms of supply chain, in terms of reliability, performance and having methodical score cards. The fourth is focus on accessories. It's not just about the microinverters, focus on accessories because that is getting to be a sizable fraction of our business. And this was previously neglected. Now we are applying a lot of focus there. The last one is overhead. No matter how the efficient company is, there is overhead, and the overhead is basically freight, service, stocking, things like RMAs, the way they are handled, things like inventory, things like variance, warranty. There is lot of hidden costs there, so we are constantly blocking and tackling that. So I think about this as a business process where we control costs in the company. And the most important part is that everybody is involved in the cost improvement. It's not just the supply chain guys. It is the CTO. It is the engineering team along with strong program management. So while I'm not answering your question directly in terms of what is the cost, I'm just giving you color on that. This is a business process we are doing methodically. We are grinding everyday and that's where costs are getting better.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, we have been hearing about Huawei a lot in the last year. We heard that they were in Europe. Now we are hearing that they plan to be in the U.S. in Q3. And like what you said, solar is a dynamic phase. Things can change very fast. Competitive dynamics is amazing. But our strategy doesn't change. We are focused on profitable top line growth. And for us, it is the differentiation of the product that counts, and that's what I articulated in the 4 vectors of my top line growth.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I'll give you a brief update on the battery product. Basically, we are seeing a sequential uptick in AC Battery sales every quarter, and the uptick that we are seeing comes from both Europe as well as Australia. Our value proposition is pretty simple. It is the Enphase ease of installation combined with the modularity of the system. When I say modularity is it's available as 1.2 kilowatt-hour, small battery, easy to install, very easy to start small and then add on to it later. So that's why it has started selling. So we are very happy there. However, there is a lot more work to be done. On IQ 8, like what I have repeatedly said, solar plus storage is central to our strategy as we develop IQ 8. So as we come closer to Q4 of '18, when we release our off-grid solutions, we will start talking a lot more about our storage.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, you are correct. In the last year sometime towards the end of last year, we were working with SolarWorld, and we did have an AC module ready before the thing happened at SolarWorld. We heard about the announcement from SunPower. Once we are not sure when that acquisition is going to close, et cetera. Once the acquisition closes, then I'm sure the opportunities will come. And like what I said, we are a very strong believer in AC modules, and SunPower is also a strong believer in AC modules. So I think there is lot of synergy there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So it is a 2-phase approach. One is we are first introducing IQ 7X with discrete product, and it will go into the channel where it'll be combined with the 96-cell panel. That's the first phase. The second phase is where we are working with Panasonic in order to integrate our IQ 7X microinverter into their 330-watt HIT module. And that is more -- you know the Japanese. They are going to stress on the quality, which is the most important, right? So basically, we expect that to be available by the later part of 2018 on the full-blown ACM.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Let me give you some color on IQ 8. So basically, IQ 8 is based upon a brand-new technology called as Ensemble, which was invented here at Enphase. As we said in the past, we are getting, I mean, we got the technological feasibility last quarter when the ASIC was completely functional. And once again, I'll remind you that IQ 8 consists of energy generation, energy storage, communication and software. So like, the use cases that IQ 8 addresses is enormous like what you said. It is off grid. It could be grid tied. It could be grid agnostic. So the go to market is involved, and we don't claim we have understood everything. But we are going to introduce it for the off-grid markets first, which is basically a phased introduction. In the off-grid market, the obvious places for us to attack are to go and gain market share in would be Africa and India. Africa is no-grid market, while India is weak grid market. Those are the places where we will begin. And you're right. It will involve some SG&A spending. We have comprehended that in a few places. We may enter with partners, so more to come there, but you're exactly right. We are thinking about it the way you said, and we are adopting a phased approach.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, there are lot more quarters between now and 2019. But if I want to be abstract about it, I'd say India is growing for us. Europe is growing. So I would be happy if we can get to something like a 50-50 sometime in 2019, 2020 time frame.
Badri Kothandaraman: All right. Thank you for joining us today. Our 30-20-10 execution is going very well, and we have started working on several initiatives for profitable top line growth. We look forward to speaking with you again on our call next quarter. Thank you.
