Paul Nahi: So that’s a great question. What we’re seeing right now which is very interesting is the proliferation of multiple types of financing vehicles that allows us, that allows the solar industry to reach more and more homeowners. PACE is a very interesting and a very powerful vehicle that allows the homeowner to apply the cost of solar to their property tax and get them tax deduction as well, the interest tax deduction on that as well, as well as amortizing the cost over 20 years. The PACE programs in California are going extremely well. As I mentioned in the call earlier, we talked about the fact that it’s in fact expanding into yet again more counties in California. And the fact is that PACE is actually enacted in I think approximately 10 states across the U.S. right now. So I think as the solar industry matures, we’re going to see more and more financing vehicles, whether its loans, whether its PACE and even some more yet to be built, that are going to allow solar to reach more and more households across a broader economic range.Philip Shen – ROTH Capital Partners: Great. Thanks, Paul. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So the margin picture is very complex. It involves different products, product mixes, geographies, different market segments. So it’s very hard for me to provide sort of guidance by one particular geography or by one particular market segment. What I would say just in general is that the high technology business model that we have, it’s very semi-conductor focused. That allows us to apply R&D to further reduce our costs, and has given us a great deal of confidence that we’re going to be able to continuously reduce our costs and stay ahead of the price reduction. Having said that, whether or not it happens on the same quarter, that we’ve always said that’s really not something we can predict, but over the long-term we’re feeling very good about it. So in general, we have seen in the past, anywhere between 6% and 14% ASP reductions year-on-year, and we’ve been able to keep pace with that with yet again more in cost reductions. And we feel confident that over the long run, we’re going to be able to maintain that trend.
Paul Nahi: The short answer to that is yes. We absolute plan to expand into the rest of Continental Europe. We are in active discussions with several potential partners for Japan. We’re investigating the Japanese regulatory environment as well. We have, as Kris has mentioned before, really embarked upon a path of profitable growth, which means we have to be careful about not letting OpEx get too far ahead of growth, but having said that, we have been very, I think aggressive in our international expansions to-date and we’re going to continue that same level of expansion into yet again new countries, again both in Europe and outside.
Paul Nahi: So we don’t break out the specifics there. What I would say just in general is that we are working with almost every significant financing partner in the U.S. right now. The value proposition is working very well with that. We’re continuing to add new partners all the time. We talked about HERO and PACE. And there are yet again new forms of financing that are going to be coming online that we should be able to talk about in the near future as well. So, well, again I can’t break out the specifics. I can’t say that our progress in the financing market is going extremely well.
Paul Nahi: In general, I’d say that the relationships that we’ve had remain intact that we’re seeing some of our very large customers are expanding and continuing to use Enphase. Some are 100% Enphase, some are less so, some will make decisions for supply issues. It’s very hard to sort of talk about the customer base in general, because each of our customers has a very different business model and a different way of approaching it. But our relationships with certainly all of our major customers, and I’d say the vast majority of our customers in general is stronger than it’s ever been and remains a very powerful portion of our value proposition.
Paul Nahi: So if you’re referring to the competitive microinverter landscape, the answer is no. Although Power-One, ABB and SMA and other competitors have their micros that have been actively marketing them for sometime now. They just haven’t received any significant traction. Having said that and as we said on I think just right every call as well is that given this wholesale shift to microinverters, and we’re seeing that in every country we’re going to and we’ve already talked about why that’s occurring, the value proposition that’s accelerating that, there is no question that we will eventually see it, whether it’s their second, third or fourth generation product, we certainly overtime expect to see it, which is why we continuously invest in R&D, which is why we are staying ahead of the technology curve on microinverters, on software, on services and a broad array of products. But having said that, as of today, we’re not seeing any meaningful competition. The competition that we’re seeing really is primarily coming from traditional string inverters.
Paul Nahi: So we don’t forward announce any pricing as I said in the past. And in fact I said on this call, on average, if you look historically, we’ve reduced our pricing anywhere between probably call it 6% and 14% per annum. We have been able to maintain a cost reduction ahead of that. So you’ve seen a gross margin expansion, but again we don’t give any forward pricing, but we think that our ability to continuously reduce our price and reduce our cost provide a better value to the installer and provide a better value to consumer will continue unabatedly.
Paul Nahi: Yes. But in reference to your question, it’s a combination. We’ve been able to continue our path of cost reduction. The value proposition is resonating. We’ve been able to maintain a relatively stable ASP, the product mix, the geographies have been in our favor. Again – and I think we’re very proud of what we’ve done so far, and I think it’s been – the results have been outstanding. But having said that, going forward, you may see a quarter or two where there are variations in gross margins, because we can’t time the cost reduction to the price reduction, but the overall trend which you’ve seen over the past number of years, again we feel confident will continue.
Paul Nahi: I’d say in general, it’s more status quo than not. We have heard of some incidences where some things have been expedited, but I think for the most part we haven’t seen any significant change in demand related to the trade case.
Paul Nahi: So we’re actually very close with HECO. We’re working with them on several issues right now. And again it’d be very hard to predict when they decide to make any particular change. What we’re working with them on is our ways to help them stabilize their grid with the concentration of solar that they have. So a lot of technologies that are required to make this happen, we have several programs ongoing with them as we speak. I believe that HECO has very much the right intention. They are wrestling with sort of the dynamics of their existing grid and the advent of solar on that grid, but I’m optimistic that in the long-term we’re going to get through a lot of these technical issues and Hawaii will resume a very rapid growth.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So I’ll address Japan first. As I had mentioned a bit earlier, we are, and will continue to be very active in our global expansion. What we have seen over the past 12 to 18 months is that the value proposition of an Enphase microinverter system really doesn’t change depending on the geography that you’re in, being able to provide a better return on investment for the owner of the system, being able to provide a simpler and easier design and installation methodology resonates. Japan is a very challenging market for an American company to break into. We know that. A lot of us on the executive team have had experienced working in Japan. So we’re doing the right thing, which is working with right now potential partners to find out that right engagement that will help accelerate our instruments into the Japanese solar market. And we’re working with the appropriate regulatory agencies, JET and others, to make sure that we abide by any of the local rules required for microinverter systems. I am confident long-term that we’re going to be a big player in the Japanese market. Given some of the challenges there, it’s a little bit harder to predict when that’s going to happen, but there is a lot of work with Enphase to make that happen as quickly as possible. In terms of the rest of Continental Europe, we certainly recognize that Germany and Italy are very big markets. And again we don’t preannounce the launch of a particular geography before it happens, but having said that, we have been very clear that we expect to be in every significant solar country across the world over time. And we’re going to do it in a way that continues our profitable growth strategy.
Paul Nahi: It’s needed and wanted [ph] by multiple constituents. Putting in a format that makes sense, finding a business model that makes sense, it may take a little bit of time, but we do believe that every day, as we collect 400 gigabytes of data every day, we’re adding to a database that will absolutely be able to help utilities stabilize the grid and know what’s happening in any particular area. And hopefully that will also provide an easier way for more and more concentration of solar as well.
Paul Nahi: Thank you all for joining our call. 2014 is off to a great start. We’re encouraged by the positive industry outlook for the balance of the year and believe this outlook reflects the improving dynamics for the global solar industry as the true economics of solar power are becoming more fully appreciated. We remain bullish on the industry and are confident in Enphase’s ability as an industry leader to create shareholder value. Thank you. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
