Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So just to tell the big picture. Basically, I told you that we have two problems. One is channel being full problem, channel inventory problem and the other is the native demand problem. And so with the demand reduction of about, let's say, 30% to 35% from our overall highs, what we expect is an end customer demand roughly in the range of $450 million to $500 million. That's what I told you the last time. And we were close our Q3 end customer demand, Q3 '23 end customer demand was approximately $500 million. Our Q4 '23 end customer demand was approximately $450 million. As you know, we -- our numbers are much lower compared to those numbers. So we said we plan to ship $150 million, undership $150 million compared to the end customer demand. So our end customer demand was $450 million in Q4. We undershipped approximately $147 million. We reported a number of $303 million, which is $450 million minus $147 million. We expect the sell-through demand is going to be seasonally down approximately by 10% in Q1. And that's typical. And we expect an undershipment of $130 million. So with these two under shipments, we would have taken $277 million out of the channel. And we expect, going forward, Q2, we expect it to be, if nothing happens, it is seasonally better. And for us, since we have taken out a lot of inventory in the channel, we then start to approach a negative demand of $450 million, depending on how much residue undershipment that we have in Q2. So while I cannot tell you the exact numbers, you should generally expect our sell-in numbers to improve as we go into Q2. You should expect the sell-through numbers to be seasonally better as you approach Q2. Now other things that are in our favor, we are seeing Europe -- I mean, Europe drop to quite a low level. We are seeing Europe starting to pick back up. We have seen France is back to the level it was before. We are seeing Netherlands, although Netherlands is not back to the original level, far from the original levels, but we see incremental progress on a weekly basis. In addition, we have introduced in the last six months, several new products in Italy, U.K. Sweden, Denmark, and a bunch of other countries. We start to see all of those also kicking in. As far as California states are concerned, we already said Q4, was stable for non-California compared to Q3. So we think the non-California states will also bounce in Q2. So while I'm not telling you any numbers, I gave you the directional indication that we expect selling numbers to go not. And my assumptions are that sell-through behaves according to the typical seasonality pattern that we have seen. California is, of course, the wild card, but we think that the -- even taking that into account, we expect to do -- we expect excellent numbers or our revenue numbers to go higher sequentially in June.
Badri Kothandaraman: The one thing that I did not say in the script, which I will say now is the sell-through our batteries in Q4 was the highest it has ever been. It was a 140-megawatt hours 140 sell-through in Q4. Our sell-in was only 80, you might ask why is your sell-in lagging behind. We'd like to get the channel as low as we possibly can. So therefore, we are getting more conservative. We only guided 70 to 90, but because we want the channel to get cleaned up. So what is driving that sell-through, if you ask? The answer should obvious to you based on what I said, California, I told you, the sell-through increased by 58%. Just in California due to the NEM 3.0 attached, California numbers, Q4 to Q3 -- Q3 to Q4. Also, we are seeing a good momentum in Europe. We have introduced batteries now to multiple regions. We introduced in June, we introduced to Australia, in September, we introduced to the U.K., then we introduced it to a bunch of other countries, too, along with it. I'm not breaking all of those out. In December, we launched individually and we'll start shipping there very soon. So on battery demand, I'm happy to say, is very robust. And what we plan to do is to basically, of course, we plan to improve our gross margins. Gross margins, there are three things in gross margins that are obvious. The first two are applicable for our third-generation batteries, and the last one is applicable for the fourth-generation batteries. The cell pack costs are coming down rapidly. Our suppliers are offering as very competitive pricing on cell packs, which is definitely moving the needle. That's one. Number two, for us, specifically, we are transforming our supply chain so that we can make our microinverters for the batteries in the U.S., while we can have the assembly of the batteries in China. That gives us a best-in-class supply chain. And that, we get IRA benefit of $0.11 a watt, multiplied by 640-watt multiplied by 6. So for a 5-kilowatt hour battery, that's approximately $75 per kilowatt hour benefit that we get just for making the microinverters in the U.S., and we plan to do that. The third one is an architectural benefit. When we go from the third-generation to the fourth-generation battery, we are -- in the third-generation battery, we have six microinverters. We have a battery management board. We have a couple of other boards, the communication board and an interface board. So we have nine boards. So those nine boards will go down to three boards because we are integrating battery management, and we are making the power conversion with a lot more power. So we are going to have a total of three boards. So nine is becoming three. Our power electronics, therefore, the cost bill of materials are dropping down significantly. And basically form factor-wise, we drop in the power electronics, the two inverters by the site on two sides of the cell pack, Therefore, the form factor certainly becomes very elegant. So not only the form factor becomes elegant and the fourth-generation, the cost also is lower along with taking advantage of the cell pack costs plus the PC -- plus the microinverter assembly, I mean microinverter manufacturing in the U.S. So we are very encouraged that gross margins on batteries will continuously gone up for us. And I think that will reflect positively on overall gross margins.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, let me give some color and then Mandy can add more there. In December, we basically announced the restructuring, where we -- which affected about 10% of our workforce there. And at that time, we were running at an OpEx run rate approximately in the $95 million to $100 million per quarter. Our desire is to drop that non-GAAP OpEx from that level to a $75 million to $80 million number in the second half of 2024. So we did a few changes. We did a lot of -- we eliminated a bunch of other spending before we came to people, but then we were forced to take the action on the people front as well. So all of that is largely behind us. And we have taken -- Mandy will talk about the charges that we are taking on GAAP, et cetera. But all of those are largely behind us, and we issued a 8-K in December of 2023. In addition, what we did at that time was we announced that we are shutting down Romania as well as Wisconsin, it didn't makes sense for us to have 10 million microinverters per quarter and it remaining capacity. And therefore, we work with the manufacturers and we had to be fair to them. And therefore, we essentially reduced our capacity from 10 to approximately seven. And so that's what we did, and we announced that change as well. So Mandy, why don't you elaborate on the...
Badri Kothandaraman: No, there is -- I said the same last quarter, I say the same now. This has been ever since I took over this, we have always had the special pricing adjustment business process. And we do manage that very tightly across the company. And so there has been notably not much change in general in the pricing environment, and that should be kind of obvious to see based on our gross margins as well.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So just to set context, we shipped approximately 900,000 units from our U.S. factories in Q4. So why are we going back to 500,000 in Q1. That's the first question to answer. To answer that one. It's basically we are focused our inventory in terms of dollars, gross value of our inventory is about $200 million, $210 million roughly. And we think that inventory is high. That corresponds to 110 days of inventory, I think, and we think that the number of days of inventory is high, so we are going on a war path to reduce that to a best-in-class level. I consider the best-in-class level at 30 days. So we -- that's [indiscernible]. We are going back to 30 days. That means we are going to be ensuring that we don't do any unnecessary manufacturing. So that's -- based on that, our first priority is to get that -- set that boat right. And so that's why we said, okay, in the first half of the year, we would essentially do whatever it takes to clear the factory inventory and clear the channel. So you should expect lower shipments in the first half. In the second half, which is where if the demand approaches to, let's say, for example, what you talked about, the $500 million level, that corresponds to approximately $3 million in -- 3 point something million microinverters. You should expect two-thirds of those microinverters to be made in the U.S. And for example, if we get back to that $700 million run rate whenever it is, maybe in 2025, the -- we are talking about $4.5 million to $5 million microinverters. And you should again expect the same thing, two-thirds of that will be in the United States. So it is a strong function of demand. We have to balance both the factories inside and outside, and our balancing is two-thirds, one-thirds right.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. For Q4, that was I would say, roughly it was, I would say 50-50 for Q4 between the U.S. and Europe. I think for Q1, it will be more tilted towards 60-40 U.S., Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. As far as the channel is concerned, in the October call, I was quite clear. I said we do expect to undership in both Q4 as well as Q1, and that's right. And we did not -- at that time, you are correct. I did say we could normalize in Q2. Now we executed on what we said for Q4. The $150 million, what I said, we did $147 million. We expect to do $130 million. We expect to do a much reduced level of undershipment in Q2. We don't expect to do $130 million in Q2. We expect to be much reduced level. So we think the problem will go away for us in Q2, but I was conservative. I didn't tell you by the end of Q2, and we are sticking with that. The next one, bankruptcies, how do bankruptcies effect? Bankruptcies are definitely causing some friction in the short term. But I think what will happen in the industry is resilient. What happens is the -- end customer demand doesn't change. So therefore, it is a matter of time and it is unfortunate that these happened. However, these can be readily picked up. It might take a quarter as long as the end customer demand stays the same. We think other installers will pick it up. We have a diverse group of installers. We have -- we worked with almost 1,500 installers in the U.S. And so there's a lot of redundancy there. And so while you are correct, it is -- it will cause some short-term friction. But I think that will soon disappear.
Badri Kothandaraman: I think at least our data, our forecasting calculation today show that Europe will be -- will recover a little bit earlier by the end of Q1. I think we should see Europe doing a little better than the U.S. But I think both of them should be normalized in Q2.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So basically, Netherlands, I have to tell you a story in Netherlands. Essentially what happened is about three to four -- actually six months ago is what I would say, six months ago, the end consumer demand started to go down. And it was kicked off by one of the energy companies charging an export penalty for solar. The company's name is Vandebron. So that caused a lot of fear in customers. The customers are facing -- they are certainly worried about an export penalty for solar. And also in Netherlands, there is -- the situation about net metering hasn't been very clear. When is it going to end, is it going to continue? And that is -- meetings and net metering are actually underway as we speak right now with the new government. So we'll -- all of us will hear about that soon. So what we did, we kicked off the new year. January second week, we had a solar mixed event in Netherlands where we hosted 800 installers. They all came from across the country. We also hosted a bunch of energy providers. And we also hosted even the transmission, transmission line operators. And we then basically had all of them talk and we all agree that Netherlands needs a comprehensive solution that consists of solar plus batteries with energy management software. And that will help unlock the full potential of the market. Netherlands has got roughly about 8 million homes. Today, 2.4 million homes have solar. And the worry is those solar reducing homes will cause excessive export and that will be unmanaged. But with intelligent energy management, with the addition of batteries and this can turn into a very quickly, it can turn into a very positive because every home will have solar plus a 10-kilowatt hour battery with energy management software and the payback is still fund between six and eight years. So we painted that picture and we had general alignment with all of the stakeholders. Now we are following through on all of those with webinars with actual execution with our solar graph tool, for example. So that homeowners can basically understand the value proposition a lot better. In addition, the situation on net metering is starting to get -- will start to get clear in the next few weeks. So what I'd say in Netherlands is that once again, I think we saw the bottom. The bottom I think that in that was the bottom. And then now with the -- with what we talked about, solar plus batteries, we are also seeing more attach rate of batteries in Netherlands now. So we predict a pickup in both solar and batteries. Of course, we don't have a crystal ball. We could be wrong. We do think the net metering decision will come and that will be a big deal. We do have general alignment with the energy providers that as long as there is dynamic tariff, there would be no export penalty. And -- but we don't need batteries to manage dynamic tariffs. So I gave you a long answer. But in short, I think the -- once again, the bottom I think is behind us. Not you should see a steady uptick there.
Badri Kothandaraman: You'll see meaningful revenue this year. However, let me step back and tell you about our product and then Raghu can talk a little more. So we introduced the product in the fourth quarter in December. And this is a 480-watt three-phase 208 volt market, primarily addressing the U.S. We estimate the market size approximately a gigawatt. And basically, this helps us to service 20 to 200 kilowatts of installation. And we are talking about examples could be schools, could be hospitals, could be gas stations, could be motels, basically small businesses. So that's the 20 to 200 kilowatts we are talking about. Our product called IQ8P that generates 480 watts of AC. It can service up to 650-watts DC panels. It has got rapid shutdown. We have per panel monitoring, and of course, highest quality levels, 25 years of warranty. And there's now, our long-tail installers have been asking us for this product because they expect the same quality as the residential product. So therefore, they've been asking us. Now we are able to service. In addition, we also have the Solargraf software, which is the design and proposal software for those commercial installations. So we did ship a nontrivial amount of units already in Q4 '23. However, you should understand this is the business where it's got a little bit longer time, and it's a project-based business. So therefore, you have multiple parties here in play, which is the building owner, and then he assigns it to program manager, basically employees and installer. So the sale is a little bit longer compared to residential sales. So it will take us more time to establish a pipeline. But what I know is our product will be good. Our product is very high quality like what I said. So we expect to get our fair share of the market. And we also expect our shipments into the channel to be continuously up quarter-on-quarter through the year.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean that's the whole point where we are starting to diversify our product portfolio rapidly. We are planning to introduce -- we already introduced IQ8 microinverters in 21 countries last year. All of us haven't seen those results yet because of the inventory. But once the channel is lean, we should start to see results from all of those countries. So that's one. We plan to introduce even more number of countries in 2024, which is there are still a lot of markets in Europe, Nordics that are untapped. We are going to introduce microinverters there. In addition, there are also countries in Asia that we are going to introduce. So you'll see that. Next, batteries, you come to batteries. Batteries, I already topped out the sell-through continuously increasing. Already talked about our product introduction into places like Australia, U.K., Italy, these places, we are not that big. And we're going to be introducing batteries into other places as well. India is a big untapped market, for example. So many more places in Asia as well as even, I would say, Latin America, for example. We got a lot of countries there which need both solar and storage. So we are focused on multiple countries for both solar plus storage. In addition, we talked about for Europe, we talked about social housing and balcony solar. These two social housing for example is apartment complexes as well as row houses in Netherlands. In the picture each house, having a small system, about three kilowatts, six panel system and our microinverters shine when it comes to small systems. Balcony Solar is another exact countries like Germany, Italy, Austria allow you to export energy into the grid and 800, basically 800-watts of export into the grid. And we plan to basically leverage those markets as well. And each of those is a 250-megawatt market. So that will help us address 500-megawatts. In addition, the other thing we talked about is EV chargers. We are planning to introduce EV chargers in a lot of countries in Europe. And as you know, Europe is at the forefront of electric vehicles. So EV charging, for example, U.K., Netherlands, Germany and France. We will have products in the third quarter that are shipping. Additionally, bidirectional EV chargers. Bidirectional EV chargers, yes, you can argue that the price on an EV charger is under $1,000. But when you have a bidirectional EV charger, all of a sudden, value is a lot higher. We are already working on a GaN-based bidirectional chargers, which will interface to the car's battery around 800 volt D.C and that will convert DC to AC there. And it will plug right into our Ensemble Energy Management System that consists of solar and a home battery. So I talked about microinverters. I talked about batteries, usual markets going into many countries, talked about social housing, Balcony Solar, talked about EV chargers, which is into Europe as well as bidirectional chargers overall. And then the last one is software. We are going to have energy management software. This is AI-based software, which will do production, consumption forecasting and make the right decisions, particularly when it comes to serving markets with the dynamic tariffs and imbalance. And that is going to be worth quite a bit for customers. So we do expect to have our fair share affair. So of course, we are always looking at how to increase our revenue per home, and that's our focus. But we have a lot more revenues in front of us that we need to execute on.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right and to add a little bit more is solar plus battery self-consumption, the payback, let's say in a world without net metering. That payback will be around eight to nine years. And then you add on the savings due to dynamic tariffs where the batteries can help, batteries as well as solar can help manage the situation. That will reduce the payback by a year or so. Then your imbalance also has the capability and balance management also has the capability to reduce that payback further down by a year or two. So you get to have a very nice payback, which is six years -- six to seven years with solar plus batteries and software gives you good payback. And the good thing is if you have net metering, those numbers will get even better.
Badri Kothandaraman: And it's exactly that, meaning there isn't too many outages in Netherlands at all. So right now, if you look at many countries in Europe, they will all talk about only grid-type batteries. These batteries do not need back up. Of course, we offer backup as well. It is what the customer wants, but the customers have been asking for grid tied batteries. Grid tied batteries have simpler in a sense, you don't need to worry about backup panel and all that. It is like installing solar. Grid tied batteries are not in the path of power, like solar. If you want to do backup, you have to insert a switch in between the utility and your home. And so all of that is not required. It is simply an economical place here. And essentially, it stores energy and you can discharge it for use later. So yes, I mean -- and also, the homes are small. As you rightly pointed out, the battery sizes may be between five kilowatt and 10 kilowatt. The sweet spot could be something like a five-kilowatt hour battery for all the installations and the attach rates in Netherlands could be very high, 80% to 90% at five-kilowatt per hour, which is not a big dent in in the pocket, but enough to basically have the energy companies feel happy that okay, the customers have a way to manage and not export solar all the time in an unmanaged fashion.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Today, our -- I mean, today, our supply chain is predominantly in China, and we assemble our batteries there. Going forward, our supply chain will have two parts. One will still have one with the best-in-class cost structure will have basically the assembly of the battery in China with microinverters made in the United States. So that will help us because the microinverters are made here. The other is the entire battery is assembled in the U.S., including the microinverters, obviously. And the latter one, we plan to have it in the third quarter of 2024. And of course, some customers, especially the EPO customers will have the benefit of getting an additional 10% in ITC as long as we meet the domestic content requirement which we plan to meet. So -- and we expect to get -- we expect to have a slight premium there to compensate for the cost of assembly in the U.S. So I think either way both parts will have similar gross margins in my mind, but they will all continuously improve as our cell packs get lower cost and our microinverters are manufactured in the U.S.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, I leaned in a little bit and gave you the numbers in January. Those correspond those. When I say system activation, this one is even further. It is not -- it is sell-through happens when distributors sell to installers. Activations means those installers finish installation, and it goes up on roofs. What I gave you was we see homes coming up on our software platform. And we are able to clearly say how many of them are NEM 2.0, how many of them are NEM 3.0. So in January, 50% of them were NEM 3.0, 50% of them, therefore were NEM 2.0. If you ask me what is that ratio in the prior quarter, I don't know, but my guess is it was approximately 70-30, 70% NEM 2.0 and 30% NEM 3.0 in the prior quarter Q4. And in Q1, I expect it to be more like 50-50.
Badri Kothandaraman: That's correct. It does mean -- and at the end of the day, look, I mean we need end customer demand at the end of the day. Distributors are definitely a critical part of the equation, but we need the end customer demand. So anything that shortens the cycle time is actually good for us. Anything that compresses the overall cycle time, which U.S. manufacturing will do is good for us because then there is -- inventory doesn't have a lot of money on it. And so we think that's what you pointed out will be a net positive for us once we come out of this.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean we have enjoyed our contract with SunPower over the last five years almost. It is going to come to a close in Q1. And of course, we are in discussion with them. And I'll just leave it at that. I don't want to comment on any revenue. We don't comment on revenue associated with one customer like that. All of those decisions are confidential. But if there is something that gets finalized, you will know.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So basically, that's right. The -- in general, the attach rate of an NEM 3.0 solar system is 80% according to the industry data. So attachment to our solar system. In the past, for a NEM 2.0, for example, for NEM 2.0 was about 10%. And that has increased now to 50% with -- because it just makes sense to add a battery. That's why we set our sell-through numbers became higher by -- improved by 58% compared to the prior quarter. Now your question is why is Enphase market share not a 100%. Why aren't all Enphase solar installations having Enphase batteries, because customers have a choice. Ours is an AC coupled system. And therefore, we have batteries that can tie into that AC coupled system. However, the situation is still a net positive for us, because the 10% battery attach is now a 50% attached. And we are constantly working on having this data and getting not the 50%.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean batteries are hard to sell. First of all, they add cost to your system. I mean a high interest rate environment, people think twice about adding them. Then second is batteries are messing. It is like, for example, if you have to do a full back up, you do have to plan for it properly and you cannot short change design. It should be a very high-quality product. It should -- because when power goes, the batteries, the battery company is the utility company. So batteries are tough to do probably, also when there is a problem with the battery servicing is tough you have to get it off the wall. You have to ship it to the installer. Installer has to contact the supplier. Supplier has to ship a replacement, installer has to come back. So for installers, it's very difficult. And they have truck rolls, many truck rules on batteries, more than inverters, more than solar. So what we have tried to do in our third-generation battery and that is why our battery sales are picking up is, we have tried to take that in account. First of all, the commissioning experience is a lot simpler. So under an hour, you can commission it. Second, if you want to, you can use the battery in a grid tied environment even simpler, but it can be used for backup to. The third one, which is a very important one is 90% of the time, the batteries can be serviced in situ, in situ means on the wall, while the battery is still on the wall, which means the common problems that we see, very rarely, you see a problem with this cell pack. Problems commonly that we see are with battery management and power electronics. For us, all of them are serviceable boards, which means a $40 board gets out and a new $40 board comes in. And our field service people, Enphase field service peoples are there, and we have 100 of them. And basically, they are there and they take that off the installers, especially in a critical time like this you don't want the installer to do the service. You want the company responsible, which is Enphase here. Any issues, we take care of. It's that installer can sell. So serviceability is becoming a big differentiator. So with our third-generation battery which is the one that we are shipping today in volume. All of those are best-in-class, commissioning, the quality of the batteries, the serviceability of the batteries, the modularity, we have 5 kilowatt hours. It's an LFP battery, lithium ion phosphate with UL 9540A is just a better battery on all fronts.
Badri Kothandaraman: So yes, absolutely. It's not enough. We have to do a lot more. We have to do the events such as what we did in Netherlands. It's got to be done at a higher frequency because the NEM 3.0 experience is telling us that we don't need to help in whatever way we can. And we are going to do exactly that. We have our sales, I mean our team actually listening to our installers and their salespeople, we are we can do a lot more there in terms of simplifying our software so that we can really make sure that the selling at the kitchen table becomes a lot easier. And that's what we are going to do in the next few months.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, we are not breaking down numbers. You can see our microinverters is basically down compared to the prior quarter. So basically primarily attributed to that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I talked about the three things on batteries. Once again, just to refresh, cell packs costs are coming down. Microinverters are going to be made in America and then go into batteries. So that supply chain is going to become best in class. The third is, the first two are for all our batteries. The third is specifically for the fourth-generation, which has improved architecture integrating power conversion, and battery management. These three initiatives should take the battery gross margins up not in a very nice fashion. Then the other one, you talked about GaN-based product. For us, GaN we are essentially looking to release in our next generation inverter that's called IQ9. IQ9, at this point, we are thinking of two power flavors and approximately 427-watts of AC and 540-watts of AC. And the challenge for us, and that's a challenge to the team is to basically get the cost structure of the 427-watt product to actually be smaller than the product we are shipping today, which is IQ8 product. And we think it is possible because of one particular innovation there is along with GaN, we have something called as BDS, bidirectional GaN. So today, we use four silicon transistors at the output stage. And that can go into two GaN facts, because they are bidirectional. So therefore, GaN can actually -- even if the GaN transistors themselves, the overall cost of those GaN transistors may be the same as silicon. Even if that is the case, GaN comes with a lot of other advantages. Like for example, your transformers can now become a lot smaller. If you run your fetz [ph] at a higher frequency. So in general, the inverter can get smaller. And the challenge for us is how do you pack that power 427 watt power into the same form factor as IQ8 with the reduced cost structure compared to IQ8, that will allow us to make a lot of money, plus make those inverters in the U.S.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, look, we all know that there is seasonality factor from non-California states. But the fact of the matter is at least our data non-California states have, if you look at Q4 versus Q3, they're flat in terms of microinverters. And we think they will bounce back coming off the seasonality. That's what we think. And then I already talked about the puts and takes on Europe and why we think Europe will also move continuously not because they are at the bottom right now. California is, of course, a wildcard. But there, you see -- I think our downside will be limited because, as I told you, the revenue of a NEM 3.0 system, is roughly 1.5x that of an NEM 2.0 system for us, considering the attach we are seeing. So I think in general, of course, if I could be wrong, if Q2 doesn't recover seasonally, but that's not what we have seen in the past.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, look, we -- at that time, we will analyze the data in front of us. But look, that's the way we break out for you, gross margin without IRA and gross margin with IRA because we never want to -- we want to be straight with the gross margin. The native gross margin of the business. That's why we break it out. So if it doesn't make sense economically to manufacture here that we have the same two contract manufacturers worldwide. And our lines can be shipped anywhere in the world. Of course, it is tough and we will work with the contract manufacturer in terms of the labor, et cetera, and it is tough and we'll do the right things there. But if the economics are there, we will not be here.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. It's a question I keep getting asked, we price products, we've done value. Value means our pricing is the next best alternative plus the value we generate on top of it. We don't generate value, then yes, I mean we are a commodity product. So that's not what our intention is. We have a differentiating value proposition. Microinverters its quality, its service, its reliability. It is superior for power production performance. And in batteries, we are getting there. So high quality for me is high price, right, we have the capability to demand the premium. And in microinverters, as you can see, even with those high prices, we -- our market share is very healthy. So I don't believe that we need to drop pricing in order to gain market share. You need to have the product that solves the customer problems at the end of the day. You need to take care of customers well and then reward you by paying you the premium that you deserve. So that's our philosophy, and we intend to take a risk to that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We have -- you are correct. We have made some reasonable acquisitions. Solar graph is an example of one. The permitting services is one. EV charging is one. And we are working on all of them. So we're careful about choosing what we want. And then we try to make them an integral part of the system. So what are the opportunities like that. And we constantly keep looking for those is the key places where we would look for is, I mean, okay. First of all, what we are not going to be looking for is we are not an installer. So therefore, we don't buy installation company. We are a technology player. So and for example, on microinverters, we have all the necessary IP. We aren't going to do -- going to look for anything outside in places such as home energy management software, there's always opportunity for us especially leveraging AI and ML talent to make -- to accelerate our progress there, because I think energy management software will become the next frontier. That's one that we are always looking for opportunities. The other is on batteries, of course, innovative technologies on batteries, batteries getting better, more reliable, more energy density becoming a lot higher. That's of course an area that we continuously look at. Those are the ones that are on our radar right now. But we look at a lot of companies and when we make some decisions on those you'll know. But we are very disciplined. We don't do -- we don't just buy companies because we have cash. Those companies need to fit into our company well. They need to be bolt-on acquisitions, what we like. And we care about integration a lot. That's important for us. If there is an opportunity in the March we'll move, and you'll know.
Badri Kothandaraman: I think in the non-California states, it will obviously be for microinverters because the battery attach is small. But in California, it will move the needle for both microinverters and batteries.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye.
Mandy Yang: Sure. Yes. So our OpEx we reduced from -- non-GAAP OpEx reduced from $99 million in Q3, right, to $86 million in Q4, right? And that was before the restructuring effect that that will come into effect in Q1 and Q2, right? But throughout 2023, we have been reducing discretionary spend, right, and also hiring freeze, right. And even attrition, we don't backfill. We only backfill critical ones, right? And that's why we got our OpEx to reduce from $99 million to $86 million, right? But in December, we implemented a restructuring plan, right? We further reduced our worldwide headcount full-time employees and contractors, right, by 10%. So with that, once those restructuring actions are completed by Q2, we would be at $75 million to $80 million run rate a quarter.
Mandy Yang: Yes. Based on the Q1 guidance, our non-GAAP gross margin before IRA benefit is more or less in line with Q4 actual. But with IRA benefit non-GAAP gross margin dropped by five points, 100% attributable to the IRA units. We plan to ship only 500,000 units in Q1 and that translates into about $13 million be our benefit reduction in Q1 versus Q4, and that $13 million is about five points.
Mandy Yang: Sure. So Q4, we said we already buyback $100 million, right and $85 per share. A quarter before, we bought $110 million, right at $130 per share, right. Q1, we plan to do similar magnitude of share buyback. As soon as we believe our share price is below the intrinsic value, right? We are very disciplined in doing share buyback. Every quarter, we look at the current share price and then we propose for the Board to approve and we execute.
Raghu Belur: Yes. I think the trend, if you look at as Badri mentioned, the addition, all of these markets transitioning from some have already transitioned solar to solar plus battery means the energy management software becomes a very critical element of it to deliver whatever the use case homeowner desires. But dynamic tariffs, as Badri mentioned in Netherlands, really can prove -- requires sophisticated software to manage a day-ahead tariff and hourly day-ahead tariff but it can bring tremendous amount of value to the homeowners. For example, in a dynamic tariff environment, you could have negative pricing. I mean you have negative pricing, you get paid to charge your battery and charge your EV and turn on your heat book. In addition, in a lot of these markets, you're seeing grid services programs also come into effect that pay you a lot of money. For example, again, in the Netherlands market because of all the solar that's there, it's a 19-gigawatt grid and there's 19-gigawatts of solar and then there's another eight, nine gigawatts of wind. There are imbalance issues but there is an imbalanced market that you can participate in and get paid for either charging your battery or discharging your battery. Similarly, in some of the other markets, there is frequency regulation markets that you can participate in and provide good value to the homeowner because their battery is now basically generating money for you. Same thing, capacity markets in U.K. are also good markets to participate in our grid services. So you're seeing this move from solar plus battery plus energy management plus grid services is a very compelling movement for value creation for the homeowner. And this trend here, we are going to see happening more and more and happening worldwide.
Raghu Belur: Yes. So you have to look at the intent, the Dutch market is really very, very focused on converting to renewables. So if we see the solar plus battery to be the predominant market. Of course, there may be some corner cases where we may see people purely doing it for arbitrage purposes, but we primarily see the market to be that battery gets associated with solar. It could be battery plus solar -- sorry storage plus battery plus EV charger plus heat pump and all of that managed by as Badri mentioned in artificial intelligence and machine learning-based energy management software. So we don't see in the future that there'll be any system that would be solar only, it would be storage only or solar only as well. We expect that it will always be an energy system, and that's the transition that the Netherlands market would also undergo very quickly. And by managing dynamic tariffs, which you need very sophisticated software to do because it's a day-ahead market and the rate is going to change on an hourly basis, you need very good forecasting of both production as well as consumption. You need to be able to manage all of that. You need to be able to steer, when am I going to charge my battery? When am I going to discharge my battery? When I'm going to charge my EV soon? When am I going to be able to discharge my EV? Manage your heat pump, buy and sell energy from the grid. All of that is done by that sophisticated software that we have. And layer on top of that, grid services to participation in an imbalanced market. This is a direction in which the entire Dutch market will move towards, but always solar will be a key element of it because that's the intake.
Raghu Belur: Yes. Obviously, we don't have a crystal ball to predict who is going to win the elections. But to some extent, we don't think it will matter because at the end of the day, this is about creating jobs. And investments and both of which we have done, given our factories both here in -- the two factories here in the U.S., both in South Carolina as well as in Texas.
Raghu Belur: I think we are doing a lot of work in improving the product. If you look at, both in terms of ease of installation, commissioning, serviceability, et cetera, and with our three gets better, our four gets even better, including it's a very simple product to install. As Badri mentioned, the form factor is such that, it just makes it much easier to install. So we win the rest of the business as we go, as we've continue to make not only hardware product improvements, but also all of the software improvements that we are making. Both of those mean that we will win more of our business.
Raghu Belur: We also have our design proposal tool solar graph that upfront allows the installer to do a very, very good design for the -- whatever the homeowners expectations are in terms of payback period and upfront cost, et cetera. You can really fine tune the design of the solar plus battery system and generates a proposal. It takes it a step further. We can do single -- we do single-line diagrams, permit plant generation, everything out of this tool. So it's an end-to-end solution that we are providing the homeowner, everything from design to installation, the ease of installation, serviceability and really good customer service, and that's what it's going to take for broad white scale adoption of battery, and you're seeing that happening. I think it's being reflected in the numbers that we shared.
Raghu Belur: Yes, that's our expectation that the microinverters as long as they are manufactured here in the U.S. will also get this same benefits.
Raghu Belur: Yes. So we have said this before as well, competition is not new for us. We've been in a very competitive environment since the inception of the company. Specifically, we've been in a very tough competitive environment when it comes to fighting against string inverters or centralized topology. So these are the kind of competitions we actually like. We have a very strong value proposition, vis-à-vis centralized our strong inverter topologies. The better performance, much higher reliability, much simpler to design, install and maintain as well as safety around not having any high voltage DC in our system. Now they added sophistication of our system with solar, integration of solar, batteries, EV chargers, heat pumps, and all the energy management software that we layer on top of that creates a better month. So this is not just about widget sale or a piece of hardware. This is now a complete solution sale. Furthermore, the solution means you need to have upfront design tools, which can help the installer design the appropriate system for the homeowner. Of course, make it very simple plug-and-play to install. And then on the other hand, provide great customer service for serviceability so that the homeowner is taking care of. So competition is not new, particularly competition against centralized topologies is absolutely not new. We have been -- we have honed our skills on that. But we are also very aware and paranoid about competition. So we make sure that we are continually improving our product.
