Paul Nahi: Well, as Kris just mentioned Colin, we are expecting all the markets that we currently play in to continue to remain strong, clearly seasonality has an effect and it has a disproportionate effect in the Northeast, but nevertheless we're seeing strong growth in the U.S. residential market. That's to be obviously offset by the normal price declines that we've seen year-over-year, but good strong growth in the U.S. residential market, strong growth in the commercial market as well as in our international markets. So, I think that as we look forward into 2015, we feel very good about the year in the different markets and the different segments and that's especially true when you consider the move towards a total energy management solution with the advent of the AC Battery storage solution as well as the load management capability. So, I would say just in general, we remain bullish on the year in every segment and in every geography.
Paul Nahi: Well, there clearly is a class of cheap inverters out there whether generally string inverters with or without DC optimizers that have traditionally put a lot of pricing pressure on the market. But the value proposition that Enphase brings to the table and that is specifically the fact that we can provide a better return on investment for the owner of a system and we can create a simpler more efficient business model for an installer by simplifying the design, the installation and the operations and maintenance of solar system, that value proposition continues to resonate. Now that doesn't mean that we don't need to be aggressive on pricing, we certainly do and we're working very closely with many of our customers to make sure that we're providing them a solution that enables them to thrive, that helps them be and stay competitive in their environment. But let's remember while we have a very keen eye on costs and making sure that we're providing them with a very cost-effective solution, we continuously add features and functions. As an energy technology company, we are very much in our sweet spot when we're developing and innovating new products. So whether it is, we just talked about the AC Battery storage solution, which is absolutely revolutionary in its concept and initial interest and demand is far exceeding our expectation, whether it's the advent of more energy management solutions, now for both the commercial as well as the residential space. We're continuously driving our business by looking at both costs and future enhancements and building a more holistic energy solution so that our customers, our installer partners have the best solution that they can sell.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So it is accretive to gross margin. It is definitely a very well-run business and we're very excited about what that means for Enphase. Remember that we provide what we believe to be world class, best in class service to our customers, whether that's the end customer or whether those are our installer partners and we fully expect to continue upon that and build upon that reputation. And as we move into more of an energy system as opposed to a solar system the OEM requirements are going to do nothing but grow. Even if you look at the numbers today, if we are around 500,000 solar roofs in the U.S., residential roofs in the U.S. we're moving to a point in time where there will be millions of solar roofs in the U.S. alone. And we are building an infrastructure that can support that, that can provide the services our customers, both the end-user and our solar partners need and want and we want to do so in a very profitable manner and I think that's the path that we're on will allow us to do that.
Paul Nahi: Yeah, we've said before that the commercial product is at a slightly lower gross margin than the residential product, but again we have multiple cost reduction initiatives underway that are addressing that and when you look at the blended gross margin there's a lot to take into account there. And Kris enumerated many of these factors whether it's 4x whether it’s the product mix, whether it's freight and expedite charges, so clearly this - the gross margin on the commercial are today somewhat lower, but again we're working on that both on the cost level and as I said when you look at it inclusively, the aggregate gross margins our view doesn't change.
Paul Nahi: And just to elaborate on that, I would say that the success that we're experiencing in these markets, whether it's the UK, whether it's Australia or France, where we're the number two residential inverter already, I think further validates the value proposition resonates in every country we're in. The question that we ask ourselves internally is, what is the rate of expansion that's still keeps in step our profitable growth strategy? But we're looking at several new countries for this year and for next. I'm going to continue that global expansion for the next couple of years.
Paul Nahi: Right, so again, I would caution everyone not to over think fluctuations on a quarter-to-quarter basis, because as we talk about there's so many factors that go into that. It's hard to use that as an appropriate proxy for anything else. What I would say is, that to your point, we've seen, call it 8% to 12%, 8% to 14% price reductions over the past some number of years. Given the current environment we don't see that the general trend of price reduction is going to change and our job is to stay ahead of that through cost reduction as well as future enhancement.
Paul Nahi: The progress on our next generation, our fifth generation microinverter is going along extremely well. It is as you know the most advanced microinverter on the planet with full advanced grid functions, bidirectional power capabilities. It is really quite a little powerhouse and we are expecting to launch it on time.
Paul Nahi: Well, we definitely see it evolving and clearly I think if we just look at the historical evidence we've been growing. We've been getting new customers. We've been growing in every market, every channel and every geography. And you're absolutely right. I think some other inverter companies are facing some very significant challenges. In the end I think what we provide, which is a very simple, straightforward design installation and operations and maintenance of a product allows that installer to have a more functional, a more profitable business, at the same time providing a consumer with a better return on investment. That value proposition definitely does resonate and we're definitely seeing customers, more and more customers interested in that, for exactly those reasons. Now at the same time your question about what we're seeing in 2015 and let's go out to 2016, we have to be very well aware that this market is very dynamic and it is changing and as proud as we are of the product and the solution and the presence that we have, we have to continue to innovate, that the energy market is changing and that storage will become an essential part of that energy mix. And with storage you have to have a comprehensive energy management solution on top of that. So, I do feel that we're in a very, very good position to leverage the brand and the technologies that we've developed so far and we accelerate our technology innovation to make sure that we are one or two steps ahead of where the market is going to be at any given time so we can continue to lead that space.
Paul Nahi: Sure, so I'll take the first part of that and I'll turn over the second part of your question to Kris. So the mix on O&M is really quite broad. We have some of the largest hardware manufacturers and developers. We also have a whole set of smaller ones and they expand the residential, the commercial, and even some beginning of utility scale business. We see it definitely very broad-based and we do see it growing. And I'll turn it over to Kris to talk about the specific financials.
Paul Nahi: And part of the beauty behind this is that it does very exactly specifically leverage the R&D that we're already doing. When you look at what Enphase does right now, Enlighten is very likely one of the largest if not the largest solar O&M ecosystems on the planet. By leveraging Enlighten, by leveraging the O&M infrastructure that we already have we are actually developing products and software to support an O&M infrastructure. What Next Phase will do as part of EES is be able to leverage that both in the U.S. and globally.
Paul Nahi: Well, what we've said there is that we're obviously very proud of the market share that we currently have and we do believe that we're going to be able to increase market share, but at the same time with a finite amount of OpEx we're going to apply those resources where we feel we can get the most amount of leverage. So while we continue to grow share in the residential market, we are looking at getting to that same level of market share in the large commercial market in the UK and Australia and areas that we believe we can see more leverage with the OpEx. But having said that, remember that the U.S. market is growing and there are lot of new entrants entering this market. There are still customers that are outstanding customers for Enphase, but we may not be 100% of their revenue and we can work hard to earn their trust and become a larger percentage of their business as well. I would say even in the U.S. residential market there is a lot happening, it’s very exciting and we are continuously staying aggressive.
Paul Nahi: Right. The storage market is a tough one, because it doesn’t really exists yet, and you can make the case that in the U.S. residential market today, there isn’t an economic case forward because we have that metering and I think that’s certainly true. At the same time we know that storage is not just about, there is not just, simple economic cause, but it’s also about grid stabilization, it’s about grid resiliency. It is very possible that we see in some areas of the U.S. people will adopt storage in order to be able to have a higher penetration of solar. We are seeing something very similar happen in Queensland in Australia. There are different initiatives going on in the UK as well. So, it’s a burgeoning market, it will require policy changes, it’s going to require different ways to look at financing. But having said all that, we do believe very strongly that the growth of renewables have to be associated with a storage solution and for the reasons that I've outlined in the past, we believe that our AC Battery solution is an absolutely revolutionary product in storage and I'm extremely confident that with that we will lead the storage market. In terms of how big it is, hard to say, as I said, but I'd would be surprised if it wasn’t in the tens of billions of dollars in the next five to ten years.
Paul Nahi: Oh, absolutely. I think, you know again, in the U.S. as you mentioned the economic case in the residential market is harder to make; however, there is an economic case in the commercial market, so it may be that the U.S. commercial market starts first. But then you are exactly correct, we are looking internationally for the storage solution and we are seeing demand for it come from the Asia Pacific region or EMEA so it is certainly not a U.S. only product.
Paul Nahi: So, we're not announcing either cost or pricing yet, but what we have said is this, that we believe it can be margin accretive. We believe that the system itself can very likely be the simplest the most plug and play, the most cost effective solution for our installer partners and our customers and because of that we believe that we can take a very dominant position with the storage solution. Having said that, we are not really, we are not guiding either to price or to cost yet.
Paul Nahi: So as I said, I'm not guiding any specific prices, but I will say this, that you have to look at the entire system. You have to look at, if you like looking at a solar system and making a new judgment on the cost of solar system by the cost of the solar panel. You have to look at the storage, the chemistry. You have to look at the inverter technology. You have to look at the integration into the rest of the system. You have to look at mounting. You have to look at it holistically. No one element will drive this. And even when you look at, even when you look at chemistry, remember we're in the very, very early days of storage. Chemistry is going to change a lot. There is a lot of largest battery companies in the world are bringing on lot of capacity and there is some amazing young company some startups that we are tracking very closely with some technology that technology that could present could be quite revolutionary. So very early days and we have a lot to learn, but there is a lot happening here. But if you look at the entire solution, not just the chemistry, the entire solution, I do feel very, very confident that we can provide a vey cost effective solution.
Paul Nahi: So, resi versus commercial today is somewhere in the 85%-15% range. And again, remember the vast majority of that is small commercial. The C250 the product we just introduced is the product that is purposed built for large commercial market, it has the features and functions that we haven’t had before to address that. So, that will certainly change our presence in the large commercial market. And again, we said that gross margins on commercial are slightly lower, but blended with the rest of the company, coupled with the cost reduction plans that we have in place doesn’t change our view on our corporate gross margin.
Paul Nahi: Well, in general we are seeing strong growth in all these markets. Clearly, when you get to continental Europe it’s a country-by-country, but even there we are seeing good growth in the Netherlands and although France, the France residential market I think is a little bit subdued. The French commercial market looks like it’s getting some stem. We play in all these markets of course, so that’s what makes us confident that we can continue seeing that growth. And as we've said in the past we won’t announce a country before we land in it with one exception of Japan. Japan is definitely a country that we are very focused on. We are working away through the regulatory requirements. The progress there is looking very good and we're engaged in multiple discussions with multiple potential partners to help expedite their go-to-market strategy. So, Japan is definitely on our radar as are other countries, both in EMEA as well as APAC, but we'll be making those announcements throughout this year and next.
Paul Nahi: We're not seeing much in the way of that expression being a headwind. I think the UK actually has a very sensible policy. There is a regular reduction based on megawatt shipped every six months that policy has enabled the growth of the UK market. Oil prices continue to drop and oil subsidies continue to drop, so in fact if anything, it gives us confidence that the UK represents a very stable long-term market.
Paul Nahi: Thank you for joining us on our call today. Strong execution across the board in 2014, helped achieve our growth. We're carrying this momentum into 2015 and I'm very excited about the enormous opportunities in front of us, including the further growth of our microinverter systems business as well as the transition towards becoming a major energy technology company. I'm looking forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Sure. So the growth rate in the small commercial market, where we are the dominant inverter today with again somewhere in the low 40% market share range has grown at approximately the same rate as the residential market, give or take there are obviously fluctuations quarter-on-quarter, but we're definitely seeing some similar growth rates. The C250, very excitingly presents an opportunity for us to move into the large commercial market and the discussions that we've had with a lot of existing and new installers are really proving out the fact that we can provide a better LCOE, a better ROI for customers than the traditional string inverters, not to mention that we have a O&M package that makes the entire backend much simpler and we can take the entire solution from concept through installation through with the aid of Enlighten. The challenge in this market is that it is a fragmented market and the design cycles are longer than they are in the residential market. So the fact that it's a fragmented market is a good thing. It represented I think a very healthy business dynamic, but it does take a little bit longer to reach more installers and because the design cycles are longer that will naturally increase the amount of time between when we start some of the product and we start seeing meaningful revenue. So what we've said is that we are shipping today the C250. The reception has been outstanding. We expect to start seeing significant installs by the end of this year and then we expect to have the revenue to be very meaningful in 2015.
Kris Sennesael: No, there will be a continuously gradually move to the higher power M250 is not going to jump in the next couple of quarters. We've seen a slow move to that higher power microinverter. It all depends on the availability of the higher power modules and the rate of our customers shifting to pay t o those higher power modules and so it will continue over the next multiple quarters.
Kris Sennesael: In the fourth quarter we definitely have some one-time expenses related to SPI, the solar trade show and looking into Q1 of course you have the start of the social charges that pick up again, but absent of that there is no abnormal one-time elements in that.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, Phil, So currently our U.S. versus international mix is 85:15, that has been for a couple of quarters and that was also the case in the fourth quarter. As you know, our U.S. business is growing so fast that it's really hard to outpace that growth internationally, but having said that in 2015, I do expect that mix to shift from currently 85:15 towards 80:20. And that of course you know that our longer term target model three to five years down the road is to further move that shift to a 50-50, meaning 50% from the U.S., 50% outside of the U.S.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So with the NPS acquisition, Next Phase Solar, their revenue was approximately $4 million during 2014 and growing fast substantially. So for Q1 we expect approximately $1 million of revenue. That number is actually too small to break it out separately, but we will in the next couple of quarters continue to provide some more color as the service business continue to grow and add more strategic value to our global offering.
Kris Sennesael: We haven't. We'll disclose that, but gross margins are slightly above Enphase Company average and the whole business is accretive to the bottom line from day one.
Kris Sennesael: No, it's they have approximately 30 employees service people. There is a very small management layer on top on that, but there is very, very minimal OpEx that goes with that business.
Kris Sennesael: That's the same thing that we've been saying for well over a year now. They made it very clear that they are going to bring on a second source. We fully understand. I believe they're well on the way to doing that and we feel very comfortable about our position now. And importantly, if you look at our broader customer base, it continues to grow both domestically in the U.S. residential market, in the commercial market, internationally. We are feeling very good about the breadth and growth of our, both residential and customer installation base. In fact if you think about it, by entering the U.S. commercial market we really are effectively doubling our TAM and we're just trying to penetrate that market.
Kris Sennesael: Yeah, absolutely Vishal, driving leverage in our operating expense remains big part of our balance profitable growth strategy. And we have an internal rule that we have communicated to the investor community as well where we allow our operating expense to grow at half the speed of revenue growth. And we are going to try to stick to that rule. It is a challenge because we have lot of opportunities to go and continue to further develop new technology building blocks and invest in the future of the company and we will not hesitate doing that, but we're also going to do it in a financially responsible way and stick to our guideline in terms of OpEx growth that we have communicated before.
Kris Sennesael: No, going forward we expect similar pattern as we had in 2014 so continuously small increase of the amount on the balance sheet.
