Paul Nahi: True, so I would say our smaller customers today are focused on cost, I don't think a whole lot's going to change post ITC, the advantage that some of our smaller customers have is that they have an intimate relationship with their customers, they have an ability to sell the value proposition. It's interesting when you look at the bifurcation of our customer base it is actually the smaller customers that are asking us for more and more features, more and more functions and more and more things that they can sell to their customers. So I think actually the post ITC world from a pricing sensitivity standpoint is going to look the same as it is now with a deep focus on making sure that we continue to reduce our prices but I think the smaller customers are going to be able to leverage their relationships with their local customers and provide more and more services and more and more features.
Paul Nahi: So, the, you're absolutely right, we announced our storage solution back in October, it was very well received and has since been increasingly more enthusiastically received. We have a very modular approach, one kilowatt hour systems, they're very simple to install, you basically take -- one person to hang them up on the wall and just plug it in. It seamlessly integrates and automatically integrates into the Enlightened Energy Management system. So because of all that we feel that the installation -- the ease of installation, the cost of installation is going to be much less than with some potentially competing solutions. In addition to that as we look at the total system cost we are very-very comfortable that we'll be extremely cost competitive with what's out there.
Paul Nahi: So we do and interestingly enough the other large customers are all distributors. So in fact you could look at those customers as proxy for the thousands of small, medium and large installers that we currently support. 
Paul Nahi: So the competitive environment today it doesn't look very much different than it did last year, the year before. Our competition is primarily [string] inverters with or without DC optimizers and we continue to increase our market share against the [string] inverters; again because of the value proposition of a microinverter, as Kris has mentioned, we've been on it fairly consistent price reduction path year-on-year for pricing time now, it's a bit variable but I’d say that we're pretty much on that same path as we look forward to 2015 and even 2016. There is a result of where we are in the technology curve on microinverter, there is tremendous amount of room in front of us for further cost reduction, we're actively engaged in that, that's helping us to reduce our prices very aggressively, while maintaining very healthy gross margins. And in addition to that we're adding new features, new functions that are unique and [generic] to microinverter that will also help us I think on the pricing side. So we have -- there is a lot of work going on both in the area of cost reduction and future enhancement to help support the current and the future pricing expectations that we have.
Paul Nahi: So we've been talking of this for well over a year now. They’ve indicated that they were go to move very likely to beyond two vendors or more than that that is on track. It's very hard for me to comment on what's going to happen in the future, we need to talk about one large customer. But I can say is that despite the fact that our percentage share in that customer has decreased the actual revenue dollar has increased, but the revenue dollar outside of that customers has increased even faster. It's very easy to forget that there are many worldwide customers that we have not yet selling to. As Kris just noted we have far more markets in front of us than we're currently selling in. So while we are -- and we treat every customer very, very importantly and we recognized how the importance of our larger customers at the same time we also are very focused on growing our presence not just in the U.S residential market but the U.S commercial market which is a very fragmented market and in international market as well. So all of the number that we’re giving for Q2 take into account the fact that we're assuming that there is going to be more and more vendors in our top customer.
Paul Nahi: So what we've said is that we have a financial strategy of balanced profitable growth which means we're to push the top line as far as we can while increasing profitability year-on-year. We've been doing that for many years consistently we're going to continue to do that. Our target gross margin of 35% to 40% remains our target gross margin and we are more confident than ever that we can achieve that; however that is not our focus right now. We said that gross margin are going bounce around in the low 30 and we very comfortable with it, we're not trying to optimize the gross margin number right now. What we are very focused on is that the continued development of new technologies is increasing the features and functions of the energy system which includes the microinverter cell, storage, energy management providing an aggressive cost reduction roadmap to our customers and doing all of this while increasing the profitability. Remember that our R&D expenses include a lot of new product that we're not shipping. As Kris had mentioned things like our AC battery solution, things like Grid Edge analytics, our energy management, even some services that are part of the Enphase Energy services offering, our under development that we're not shipping and we're able to invest in this and increase in profitability because of the growth in revenue and because of the healthy gross margins. 
Paul Nahi: We certainly share other company's optimistic view on the global storage market. In fact would be accurate to say that as per our growth storage will become an essential part of the total energy mix. We have often said that in the future we will not be selling sold systems, we'll be selling energy system which will consist of generation, storage and energy management all wrapped into one package. Having said that it's clears that storage needs to be important part of the mix and it is because of our fifth generation microinverter that is uniquely capable of bidirectional power flow that we’re able to create the AC battery solution. This is a solution that’s around 40 pound you literally hang it on a wall very much like a picture frame, you plug it in and both the chemistry the battery itself as well as the invertors all in that box. There is no additional material that’s needed. So you hang it on the wall, you plug it in and because it's our communication system Enlighten will automatically see it, automatically configure it and come up with a charging and discharging profile for it. That simplicity of installation and simplicity of design we think is extremely unique and it's going to be extremely valuable. But having said that they're going to be a multiple solutions out there and we welcome all of it, we believe firmly that the storage market is a tens of billions of dollar market in the making and there certainly is going to be more than one competitor. But the enthusiastic response that we have receive from customers all over the world has really given up a great deal of confidence that we are on the right track. In fact if you look at the market that we are currently in let's say Australia specifically, the demand for storage there is robust and it's driven by a very clear economic model. Our current presence in Australia is going to give us a tremendous launching platform for the AC Battery solution as well as other countries included.
Paul Nahi: To address the first part of the question, it's not at all clear to me that they have a cost advantage today. I do not have any data to support that today, but that I do have doesn’t support it. What's interesting is that if you look at our cost reduction roadmap going forward, it is extremely aggressive; it addresses every part of the system. As I said earlier in the call we're still in the very early days of technology development for a microinverter, there's a lot of work in front of us in terms of semiconductor development, semiconductor integration, system levels design, cabling, mechanical engineering and we are investing heavily in all of these areas. The decision that we have to make is where do we apply our R&D dollars. I could certainly apply all of them on cost reduction and get there sooner rather than later but at the same time we are looking at some very new and exciting markets. Japan, is one of them. We said many times that we're very excited about the potential for Enphase to enter Japan and we are right now going through the certification process. We're looking at as we talked about already at length the AC Battery solution, the energy management system. So we're balancing our development dollars between ongoing cost reduction coupled with feature enhancement and we believe that that balance that we've struck between the two will allow us to maintain or increase our cost competitiveness against string inverter and continue to increase the features and functions that we believe consumers all over the world are going to be demanding.
Paul Nahi: What we have seen in the past and what we don't guide specifically to cost in the future, but I can tell you what we did in the past, is that when we introduced a next generation product we generally see a cost reduction but it, maybe marginal, and then that gives us a new platform with which to apply a lot of cost reduction activities, to continue to get that cost down. We've seen that four generations in a row and I don't see any reasons why that would stop.
Paul Nahi: Thank you. I'd like to close by acknowledging our recognition as one the 2015 best places to work in the San Francisco Bay area by the San Francisco Business Times and the Silicon Valley Business Journal. We’ve always been proud of our corporate culture of creativity, collaboration and technology innovation and believe our employees are truly best in class. I want to thank our entire Enphase team for their continued hard work, passion and dedication. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Colin Rusch: Can we just get a little more detail in terms of the accessory sales? What I'd like to really be able to back into is, your cost on a per watt basis and it looks like the cost program has actually been more aggressive than we might have expected in going from late last year into this year so just give us a little bit more color on those accessories so I could start to triangulate those numbers.
Colin Rusch: And then just can you just give us the currency assumptions that you're working with for the second quarter guide? Just so we have a sense of how that might trend through quarters the currencies most. 
Colin Rusch: And then just quick question on the inventory. How long do you think it will take you to clear of that and then get back to a more normalize level? Is that something that just a matter of weeks or is it going to take quarter or two to kind of work all that through the system.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Colin this is Kris here so, in the past we have not disclosed or given a breakdown of our revenue between inverters and accessories and we are not planning on doing that going forward either, but we have seen some big fluctuations quarter-to-quarter, just to give you a range of fluctuation you have from, on the low end 17% revenue towards the high end more like 25% of revenue. So we definitely have seen some fluctuations there quarter-to-quarter part of that is seasonal as well. Q1 2015 was definitely a soft quarter in terms of accessory revenue and as a result that you see a substantial drop in the revenue per watt having said that pricing of inverters as I mentioned before pricing of inventor is our normal trends that we have disclosed before of approximately 10% on a year-over-year basis.
Kris Sennesael: Foreign exchange is definitely something that we watch very closely and there has been hefty fluctuation starting beginning of the year. But it was much worse in March and April. We have based our forecast on euro exchange rate of approximately 1.10; currently we're trading a little bit better there, so that is good news. But of course we have to see how that all plays out for the rest of the quarter.
Kris Sennesael: We target to finish that by the end of the second quarter there might still be a little bit of spill over there into the third quarter. But most of it will be clear by the end of the second quarter.
Kris Sennesael: The port issues was definitely a big issues and just to put out in little bit perspective as we know we ship our product from Flextronics in China to the port in Oakland and normal transportation time before the labor issues was approximately 30 days, that’s stretched out all the way up till almost 90 days. So that was definitely causing some balancing act there to manage our inventory levels. The issues got resolved late February as a result of that 10,000 of microinverter that was floating around on board go off loaded and become part of our inventory and so that resulted in spite of the inventory levels as reported at the end of Q1 and as I’ve stated before we expect to bleed that off towards the end of the second quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Our mix between U.S revenue and outside of the U.S our international revenue has not really changed, it's still 85 to 15 split or 85 in the U.S 15% outside of the U.S. Despite the fact that our international revenue is growing extremely fast in Q1 we had 52% year-over-year growth. But obviously our U.S. business continues to grow also extremely fast and so it's difficult for now to outpace the revenue that we see in U.S.
Kris Sennesael: Our current customer base really ranges from the largest Tier 1 all the way to the smallest installers. It is true that the environment is very volatile right now, they're lot of new entrance and I think they've been lot more new entrance in the upcoming years. Some of these are going to be may be specialty in solar; some of them may be more generalist. What is very clear is that the ability with an Enphase system to a very quickly get up and running to be able to simplify they're backend office logistic, the simplicity of the design, the simplicity of the installation, the simplicity of O&M does enable a lot more people to get into solar and then they could have before and that is a unique characteristic of microinverter. So certainly we're going to do our best to attract to those customers as well. But I would view that as one part of our much broader initiative to continue our market share growth in the U.S. residential market.
Kris Sennesael: So as you pointed out the breakdown between U.S. and international is 85:15, the breakdown between residential and commercial is also 85:15. We of course continue to grow our business in the U.S. residential market which is 75% of our business. We see a tremendous amount of growth of the total available market and we continue to defend, grow ourselves in that market and that is fueling a lot of the overall growth. In addition to that of course we have a strong focus on growing internationally; U.K. and Australia and many other markets from Canada, Mexico to other continental European countries and other countries and APAC region. As a result of that we do expect our international revenue to grow faster than the U.S. revenue and so we will probably move more towards an 80:20 towards the end of this year from that perspective. And then if I look beyond that 2016 and 2017 of course we will continue to look at entering into new countries and there is a lot of action going on within the company to prepare for that. Similar on the commercial side, as you know, we have launched our dedicated commercial product the C250 that has 480V, three-phase, 60 cell and 72 cell. So now we have a dedicated product to go and attack the commercial markets, that product is very well received in the market. It's a little bit of longer sale cycle. But as I said, the product is very well -- we expect that as well to grow towards the end of the year closed to 80:20 relationship rising commercial than currently 85:15.
