Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So, just quick on the background for Europe. In general, we are quite strong in Netherlands, France, Belgium and those businesses or those regions continue to grow pretty well on the solar side. The new regions, if we talk about actually, our Germany, Italy, Spain and Portugal. So, let me talk about Germany. Germany, extremely interesting market. The residential solar is well north of 1 gigawatt a year, maybe even up to 2 gigawatts a year right now on residential. Battery attach 80%. Most of our installers say, for a given home when they mean solar, they mean solar, battery, EV charger and heat pump. So, they are much more advanced, probably the most advanced, I would say, in terms of full home electrification. So, there’s an incredible opportunity there for us. And the companies that will be successful are companies that can manage all of these resources, solar, storage, EVs and heat pumps. That’s what we do. We make best-in-class home energy systems. Now with ClipperCreek, we have an EV charger, we are quite strong in solar and storage. And so, we are working on expanding our sales force in Germany. We are working on business development. We are working with a lot of installers. We are ramping things there at a pretty nice clip. And our natural advantage is that we do things with very high quality that Germans care about. We care a lot about customer experience, customer service. So, that’s on our side. So, we are very optimistic about Germany. I was there late February to early March with our team and it’s really, really clear that the opportunity is big and now. When you compare to that, the next biggest is Netherlands. Netherlands is primarily a solar market today, but storage is coming according to all of the installers. And installers are all -- they like Enphase a lot, primarily due to the attributes I told you, quality, customer experience. If you go to Italy, Italy has been promoting the heck out of batteries, the Ecobonus and the Super Bonus program. The super bonus almost says that the batteries are virtually free. And there, we are going to participate with some of our partners. And these programs are -- will extend multiple years, may not be the Super Bonus, but at least the Ecobonus will be there. So Spain, for example, we have a natural advantage because of small systems in Spain. Each country is a diverse -- each country needs to be understood well. Because you go from Germany, you have a 12 kilowatt, 13 kilowatts of PV, you go to Spain, which is probably 4 kilowatts -- 3 or 4 kilowatts of PV. So, each market is different, requires in-depth understanding. We are going to be there. We are going to have sales force in each region. We are tripling down on Europe in terms of spending. So, there is no barriers there, and we’re doing well. In fact, this quarter, the second quarter, we expect our revenue to be 40% higher than the first quarter. And with regarding our OpEx, you should continue to think of our OpEx as right at the baseline. We are very-disciplined as a company. Our OpEx is -- our baseline numbers, financial numbers are OpEx equals 15% of sales. That’s the number that you need to be thinking about.
Badri Kothandaraman: We don’t break out the individual products. We don’t break out what is the gross margin on microinverters and what the gross margin on batteries. But what we do is our baseline gross margin is 35%. We never launch a product that does not have the capability to hit 35%. And we are maniacal about costs. You see last quarter we guided 38% to 41%. We landed at 41%. So, with regarding your specific question on raw materials, yes, cell pack costs have been a little bit up because our suppliers are facing issues in their supply chain, too. And we already said we are doing a modest price increase effective March on batteries. So that will keep the gross margins in check. So, yes, we are quite healthy in overall gross margin as the company.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We got a lot of visibility into the second quarter, and we got visibility into the third quarter in terms of backlog, too. So, we only guide this quarter, meaning the second quarter, and we are very comfortable with these numbers. Like what I said in the prepared remarks, our demand is quite north of the higher end of the guidance range. Regarding COVID shutdowns in general, we are also seeing some shutdowns in China, but our factories remain open. The shipping lines remain open. There are hiccups in raw materials, getting into manufacturing in China from time to time, but we are managing it. The situation regarding component availability is obviously much better than what it was last year for us. We have made all of the necessary adjustments there. We have a number of suppliers for each part. So, we have learned how to mitigate our risks a lot. So, I cannot predict what’s going to happen tomorrow. But I can say right now, our situation is quite stable.
Badri Kothandaraman: I think it’s both. I mean, in places like Netherlands and Germany, I would say the market is growing so much. It’s part of market expansion. And, of course, we do take market share because of our quality and customer experience. I can’t quantify how much is each. But yes, I would say that it will be a healthy mix of both. Regarding new regions, like Spain, et cetera, they come to us because of our quality. Even in Netherlands, we continue to gain market share because of our service and quality. In Germany, we do gain market share from some string inverters because of -- one is we do supply all the components, we can do both solar plus storage, and we can manage the complete home energy system in the future, we can add an EV chargers in the future, we are able to work with heat pumps as well. So, they like our capability as energy management -- home energy management supplier, and sometimes we get the nod because of that. So, it’s a multitude of both.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So, as far as the cell supply is concerned, right now, we have two sources of cell packs, both of them are situated in China. And we are adding a third cell pack supplier in the second half of the year. You talked about the lockdowns, I explained it. In terms of the lockdowns, our factories are still operating in China, our shipping is still active, the batteries are generally on the board with a lot of weeks in advance. Now we are planning for a long cycle time, 14 to 16 weeks. We are able to absorb any minor disruptions. We don’t see a big deal on the battery side. On the microinverter side, I was mentioning about some of the connectors, some raw materials. We see some hiccups from time to time due to COVID disruptions. But so far, so good. Like I said, I cannot predict tomorrow, but so far, it seems to be okay. On the battery costs, there are a couple of ways that we are working on battery costs. First is obviously the cell pack cost. And for that, we have multiple sources of cell packs. And therefore, we do all the standard price negotiation, but we are also sensitive to their increasing costs. And so there is limited things we can do in the time frame, but there’s a lot of things we can do. partnering with them over the long term in terms of optimizing the battery pack. In terms of what we can do is what I call is the overhead, meaning you have the cell pack and then you want to convert that cell pack from DC to AC. This involves battery management, power conversion and associated electronics. And that’s where I think we can add a lot of value, which we are. So, first thing we are doing is the battery that’s coming out in the second half goes to a slightly higher modularity, meaning instead of 3.3 kilowatt hours, we are going to 5 kilowatt hours, so we can amortize the overhead over the 5 kilowatt hours making the overhead less. And so, in addition, that battery has got double the continuous and peak power. So, that’s got a natural cost advantage due to the amortization, the higher modularity. In addition, it provides customers with a superior customer experience compared to our current generation batteries. Then, on top of that, we are going next year into our next -- what I call as the next-generation battery, where we are taking individual microinverters, the same microinverters that we use on the rooftop, plus extra battery management circuitry, plus a bunch of connector boards. We are taking overall 7 boards and collapsing them into one, which is integrating the battery management plus power conversion into a big microinverter as well as utilizing some advanced technologies and unique architecture, which we got as a full bridge architecture. So that one will help us do a very high-power microinverter and we basically will be able to cut the volume of the battery almost by 40%, because everything is consolidated into a single board versus 7 boards. So the energy density of the batteries is going to be up almost by 50%. The volume is going to be cut by 40%. And it’s going to be much easier to install. And along with this deep integration comes cost reduction. So, quite significant. We’re not ready to quantify yet, but definite reduction in manufacturing cost for us. So, all of these initiatives, basically blocking and tackling for the present going to the next-generation battery for the second half -- sorry, going to the high power battery for the second half and the next-generation battery for 2023 will continuously improve our gross margins and also enable us to do the appropriate thing for customers in terms of price.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Just for the record, we never force customers. Customers have their own choices. They can make all these decisions. We are incredibly respectful of them. Sometimes, if the problem is entirely ours, we will be able to give them appropriate adjustments for the given time frame. For some customers, the movement to IQ8, they want it to be on the latest and greatest product, and they negotiate it for a good deal to transition faster. And each customer there is a story, each customer we -- is unique, and we don’t force anything wholesale on customers. That’s one. Then, number two, what caused the issue? IQ7 uses an ASIC, and that ASIC is made in a foundry in Taiwan, TSMC. And basically, in general, the foundries are on allocation. And so, we basically were short of that ASIC. But the beautiful thing is IQ8 uses another from another manufacturer, and there is plenty of supply there. So basically, we were able to mix and match IQ7s and IQ8s and were able to support customers. And we were happy that we supported customers for some customers. We gave them some concessions for that quarter where it -- in your language, it seems like we forced them. But in reality, we don’t. Then in terms of the customer conversion, I’ve always said, it takes us 4 to 6 quarters to convert from 7s to 8s. In the first quarter, our total shipment of overall microinverters, 20% of them was IQ8. This -- meaning, Q1 I’m talking about, so. And it’s just math, as I said. When you take 100% divide it by 5, that’s 20% a quarter. And so, next quarter, we roughly expect that. Sometimes it may take 5, sometimes it may take 6, sometimes it may take 4, it depends. So North America, we expect that transition. For Europe, we are going to introduce IQ8 in the second half of 2022. And so that will come with its own transition there. So bottom line, IQ8 is going quite healthy.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, it’s easy for. Now, once we have Flextronics, great partner, by the way, we have a great relationship. We started -- we are starting with an auto line, that’s 750,000 units. And if we think we need more, it only takes us three months. We are now very experienced. We know all the puts and takes it takes to order an extra auto line. So, if we need it, we’ll pull the plug on ordering it. So, we’re not worried about that. What’s interesting is and what’s exciting is our demand in Europe. I mean, this quarter, like what I said, I think we’ll ship more than 40% compared to last quarter. And we are very excited about Germany, Netherlands, like what I talked about.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. The good question on the next-gen battery, that’s a little bit out. So, it’s probably too early to give some numbers out. But the idea is generally that, meaning today, we have extraordinarily -- meaning the situation is extraordinary in terms of inflation, supply chain, et cetera. It’s not going to last forever. Eventually, batteries need to come down the cost reduction curve. And this provides us -- we are healthily placed there because we are reducing the fundamental cost structure of our product. And whenever you reduce cost structure, you basically integrate -- instead of 7 boards, you have 1 board, that’s all goodness. So, it depends upon the situation at that time. But you’re right, we may use it for market share gains while still retaining a healthy gross margin. And it will -- and once we come to that, we’ll make a decision. And with regarding the next-gen battery, I mean, there is no reason why that cannot follow a similar process like the microinverters. In fact, it can be accelerated. If it provides a lot of benefits for customers, like form factor is quite less and other things, we may be able to do the transition in 2 to 3 quarters instead of 4 to 5. So, we got to get there first. We’ve got to make sure our product is -- a new product is released. And then, I think our plans will get more firm.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, that’s a good question as well. Is it you’re feeling the channel for the first time is your question. That’s relevant for new markets. Usually, we are very-disciplined in filling the channel or not, and we always look at point of sales. Point of sales means regardless of what we ship from Enphase to a distributor, are the installers purchasing from the distributors? We have a very meticulous meeting, meaning review every week where we look at point of sales in Europe by country, by distributor. We look at that. So, there may be a little bit of creating a channel in some really regions where we have never shipped before, but that’s not the primary reason. The primary reason is, especially for countries like Netherlands, in general, booming solar, for countries like Germany is especially considering the Ukraine situation, everybody wants to go towards self consumption. And so, basically solar plus storage there. So, these two are the biggest markets by large, and of course, closely followed by utility, where the government is making it very easy. All of these three regions -- actually, Italy, you can argue that some of the channel thing is there. But at least in Netherlands and Germany, we are -- we’ve been present for some time. So I would say more robust growth. Of course, we cannot say whether we’re going to grow every quarter like that, but we’ll give you -- we’ll do the same thing next quarter. We’ll talk about the third quarter. We’ll take it one quarter at a time.
Badri Kothandaraman: Historically, I’ve always said that a reasonable channel inventory is 8 to 10 weeks, and we don’t usually quantify it every quarter, but that’s a healthy inventory. U.S., I would say, is quite healthy. Europe, I would say, is a little bit less in terms of channel inventory, and they need product, and that should be obvious because of the demand increase.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, the logic is we release new products and new products get better and better over time. So, as simple as that, we -- today, our battery basically does 3.84 kilowatts of continuous power for 10-kilowatt hour battery and 5.76 kilowatts of peak power for a 10-kilowatt hour battery. And very often, when you have air conditioners and when you have pool pumps, et cetera, what you do is the tendency is to buy a lot more kilowatt hours to solve the kilowatt problem. Now, with this, we don’t need homeowners to buy kilowatt hours just for the heck of it -- for solving a power problem. Of course, if they need it for energy, they need it for energy. But at least what we take is right now, with the high-power battery, which is going to be released in the second half of this year, we will be able to support 7.68 kilowatts for a 10-kilowatt hour battery, continuous, and something like 11-point-something kilowatts peak power. So, we’ll be able to start some really nice loads with the 10-kilowatt hour battery, for example. And so, that’s a customer experience thing. And of course, when we did that design, what we said is, okay, our previous modularity -- our batteries that we are shipping today have a modularity of 3.3 kilowatt hour. These new batteries, if we have a modularity of 5-kilowatt hour, then you can amortize our overhead, what I call is anything other than the cell pack, over a higher kilowatt hour. So that gets better. The cost gets a little better, manufacturing cost. And then, you go to the next generation, which is in next year, 2023, is we talk about transforming the overhead to something that is -- was a lot to something that’s very less, 7 boards going to 1 board, which is integrate power conversion, integrate battery management all into one board, and making our microinverter a high-power microinverter. And that microinverter will be like approximately a 2,000-watt microinverter, single bolt. And that single word can be on the side of the cell pack. So, you can see a drastic volume reduction of 40%. So…
Badri Kothandaraman: Okay. Yes, demand is very strong in the U.S., as simple as that. And we -- that’s why we told you that our -- demand is well north of our higher end of guidance. And it is broad-based. We work with a number of -- we work with a number of installers of all shapes and sizes. We work with long tail installers. We work with big installers. And everywhere, the demand is up. And we are continuing to take market share in the U.S. So, that’s good. And then, we talked about Europe. So, those two are the biggest for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, we are adding a third supplier. And when we actually add it, I’ll provide more details on the capacity. But I have no doubt it will be comparable to the others. Then, in terms of the motivation to add, it’s all of the above. We have noticed -- I mean, we have realized that based upon the last couple of years on supply chain for the microinverter, there are some products that we need five suppliers. And they are critical components. So like that, the battery is very -- the cell pack -- if we don’t get cell pack, we are dead, right? So, more number of suppliers, it helps us in terms of -- yes, it helps us in everything. Price negotiation, it helps us in supply. It helps us on delivery. It helps us on volume. So, it helps us on upside. So, this is a long-term strategy. It’s got nothing to do with the short term. And we’ll continue to add -- this supplier is also based in China. And we will continue to look for diversification opportunities elsewhere outside China. That’s a top priority for me. But right now, all of our three cell pack suppliers are in China.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. The installer platform has got a few elements to it, lead generation and management, number one; design and proposal, number two, with the connectivity to the fintech partners. That’s number two. Number three is permitting. Number four is installation and commissioning. Number five is monitoring and number 6 is operations and maintenance. So, we have made acquisitions on lead management through SolarLeadFactory. They -- very healthy business, profitable business. They work with about 10 installers mostly, 90% of the revenue comes from 10 installers. They are very-competent in lead management. Those installers love them. The name of the game for us is to take that business, generate a lot more leads, increase the quality of leads, make sure those leads have a very high conversion rate into actual installs and kind of make sure we proliferate the long tail. So, that’s the name of the game on the first one, lead generation and management. Number two, design and proposal. We bought a company called Solargraf in January of 2021. The business is doing quite healthy. I would say, this quarter, that business will do 50% higher than one year ago. And essentially, the business service is 900-plus installers right now. But that design too, lacks shading capability, lacks 3D, lacks storage modeling, which we are all fixing. We are fixing right now -- we are piloting that. We are going to introduce it to many more of our installers. And all of them are waiting for it. And it’s an opportunity for them to utilize that platform there. Also, another important thing is Solargraf or Sofdesk, that software has got connectivity to various fintech partners. So, that’s important ease of access, fintech partners is very important for our installers. That’s true. So that business doing well. We have lots of plans for it. We are going to introduce these new features. We are going to become the best-in-class there. And we are patient. We don’t expect medicals. It’s steady progress. Now, number three, permitting services. We have a team in Noida, approximately 80 installers. We -- the volume that we do is a lot there. We almost do proposal and permitting services, meaning an installer says just generate this proposal for me. I don’t want to use this software. Just generate this proposal for me. Or here is the details of the proposal, I want to permit plan set from you in 24 hours. So, we have a large team there, 80 installers, doing very well. Again, that revenue is ramping quite nicely, very profitable. There the name of the game for us is automate the permit plan set, so that we can reduce the cycle time from hours to minutes, and we can service the long tail well with highest quality. That’s permitting services. Now, installation and commissioning is what we do for a living -- monitoring is what we do for a living. We have over hundreds of man years invested into the installer app and the monitoring app for homeowners. So, we are continuing to make that better and better and better. We’re still not happy with our commissioning on batteries, like what I indicated. And that’s the major goal for me. It’s got a lot of points for me. And we are going to make that better. But we don’t need to buy a company for that. We already have homegrown efforts for the last several years. The last one is the new one that we bought end of December. And that one is probably the most nascent of them is the concept being -- it’s like an Uber, Uber for an installer or Uber for an asset manager. Basically, if I have a problem with the particular asset and I’ve already charged the customer for an O&M contract and I’m short of labor, which happens all the time, we can -- the platform can basically find -- the platform is a labor market place for you. There are about 300 installation companies, which are logged into the platform. And when you as an asset owner or you are a service provider who want to service a particular asset, but you don’t have the manpower to do so because your crew is busy on new installs, you then log into the platform, submit a work order. It automatically gets routed to the next labor service provider who is free, and that is a match that happens, and Enphase gets paid for -- at both ends of the platform as a software fee. And that’s the newest of them all, which we need to basically -- we need to introduce that company to our installers. But, we will not do that unless they have a -- the software is high quality. The platform is high quality. We have enough number of service providers on the platform. So, those are the aspects we are working on in terms of O&M. So, I gave you a very long answer. But the way we think about it is all of these are coming together. We are stitching them all into a seamless loop. Some are basically less mature than the other. But all of them are geared to only one thing, making installer’s life simple.
Badri Kothandaraman: We bought back 3.2 million shares last year, bought back at $1.55 a share. And if the share price goes down, we will consider opportunistic scenarios like that to do more buyback, provided number 1 and number 2 are taken care of.
Badri Kothandaraman: International, the biggest is Europe. The other areas that we are working on, as I said, Brazil is something that we are very excited about. I haven’t talked about it too much, but we have an outstanding guy running Brazil. We have a very strong team. And I think it’s a matter of time before which we start seeing meaningful revenues from Brazil. And they are going to get the IQ8D variant of the product, which will help them on the cost structure, that’s pretty soon. Other than that, we are ramping up on Australia. We have not introduced our storage yet in Australia, which we are working on and they should have their storage in the second half of this year. So, that will provide them some growth. And in addition, we are focusing on other Southeast Asian countries as well. All of them are small efforts and when they become meaningful, I will talk more.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, you’re right. I mean, the demand is quite high. Demand is very robust, like what I pointed out. So, installers are always looking for skilled labor. And when I say skilled, these electricians are very hot demand. Then there is a technician, which is slightly below electrician. So, labor is in hot demand.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, from our case, you saw our guidance, you saw our demand. I’m sure they can do even more. But right now, they are limited by their labor. That’s right.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Grid services really is focused on providing capacity, not necessarily frequency regulation at this time. That really is for front of the meter type application. So, we are focused on the residential market. And if you look at all of the grid services programs that we participate in are really focused around that, which means that during periods of stress typically around where the grid is stressed between 4 p.m. and 9 p.m., the batteries get a signal to discharge the batteries for the duration of that period. So, we really are focused on that market. We have a very strong team. They’re doing some very interesting work and how to enable utilities to provide this service very easily. We also have a very easy way for the homeowner to sign up for these programs through the app. So, we have a very strong team, both on the battery side to enable the battery to discharge the homeowner side for the homeowner to sign up simply as well as a platform or a grid services manager, as we call it, where the utilities are very clean, very simple access, one view access into all of the assets that are available to them. We, of course, work in some cases, with the utilities, but we also work with aggregators. And in that case, we provide them with API and API access for the entire fleet to allow them to discharge the battery. So, yes, a very strong team. As you can see, we have made a significant amount of progress with this team, and they’re developing very strong tools and products to meet the requirements.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, so remember, this -- IQ8D only addresses the small commercial market. The small commercial market in the U.S. is -- we are talking about a TAM, maybe a little more than 1 gigawatt. And we are talking about small schools, churches, hospitals, small hospitals, gas stations. And when I say small commercial, it means 20 kilowatts to 200 kilowatts. So, we think our microinverters can be extended there with the use of IQ8D. Having said that, we just are getting started. We are piloting with about, I would say, 10-plus installers. And if the pilots go well, which we will find out in the next few weeks, we always make some changes. We always find issues invariably. We basically will do some tweaks, modifications, and then we will release the product to production. We expect that to happen in this quarter. And then, onwards, it is a business that will take some time to develop. But we are confident with our principles, quality, customer service, our wrap and shutdown capability, our easy-to-use product that this will get good adoption. And first, we’ll start off with North America. The market size I mentioned was primarily North America. And then, we will extend it to other regions as well. And if we are successful, and success means that we are like residential where we can capture significant share. And then, we will look at the next follow-on, which is the real commercial market. For that, we need a 480 [ph] product basically.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, to tell you, you’re giving us a lot of credit. Last year, we didn’t, and we had a supply problem last year in 2021. And what we learned from that, the learning is what can we do? For critical components, we need to have multiple sources. How can we plan better for critical components, how can we make sure that -- short-term disruptions? There are always going to be short-term disruptions. How can we smoothen all of those into what’s right for the customer? So, we have just learned to plan better. And I think planning better and executing on multiple factories, multiple sources, and it also helps that we don’t have a lot of SKUs. We -- the way we design it is one single piece of hardware with -- we try all our microinverters to have one single piece of hardware. And then, so that every region we can load the appropriate grid profile and software so that can get functioning. In that way, we don’t need to make one SKU for one country. We try. It’s hard to do. It’s hard to reduce the number of part count. Many companies bloat up on part counts. But again, I think with the software-defined architecture that we have, it helps us a lot. So, to answer your thing, it is upfront product architecture, diligent supplier management, qualification of multiple sources, planning better and some luck too. So, yes, hopefully, we have had our -- hopefully, luck is on our side. Yes. We don’t know what’s going to come tomorrow in terms of COVID disruptions. But I think it’s safe to say that we anticipate and we are prepared for it.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. The same principles hold. If you say U.S. has got a lot of long tail installers, Europe is even more long tail. So, Germany, for example, has got 5,000 installers. And I think -- yes, I’m not sure about it, but I was told that the -- a top installer is an installer who does approximately 10 to 20 megawatts a year. So basically, it’s -- the same definition holds, the same principles hold for us. We think those installers will obviously care about quality, care about customer experience. So, as long as we do a good job there, good things will happen for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: There is always room for ClipperCreek. And the angle is what I said, which is when an installer basically goes to a homeowner and who is even thinking about an EV, the -- there are so many incentives that an installer actually told us saying, even if the homeowner doesn’t have an EV, I still install an EV charger. So, what that means is this. When an installer is there selling the homeowner solar, storage, EV charger and heat pump, in that sale, if Enphase can make life better by having a comprehensive home energy management system, ClipperCreek definitely has its place. And so, we are planning to introduce an EV charger basically into Europe in Q1 of ‘23. But in the interim, we are working hard to make our system interoperable with other EV chargers, so that the homeowner still gets the right experience.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Raghu Belur: Yes. Hi. This is Raghu. So, the way we think about it is we have the technology -- energy management technology platform and its role is to manage a whole family or a disparate set of distributed energy resources. So, we obviously do solar today, storage. We manage the grid, we integrate generators. And now, we are integrating EV chargers as well. We are -- by making the EV charger very smart, so we can do green charging. But there are other elements also that we need to integrate, and that’s -- those are heat pumps. Obviously, we will not be selling heat pumps, but our goal is to develop -- either develop or buy companies that can -- that through software, integrate all of these other heat pumps, et cetera, and other loads as well and effectively bring them on to the platform. And when we bring them on to our energy management platform, we can then manage how the loads get serviced. What’s the most economical, what’s the most reliable and what’s the most green way of servicing the load. In the case of EV, for example, if the homeowner may choose I only want to charge my car from -- charge my car through green electrons, which is, obviously, the first choice would be your own solar system or if you get a signal from the grid says that the grid is green at this time, then you can charge from the grid as well. In general, it’s about managing all of these different type of resources, and we’ll do that with software primarily. And you’re seeing is a lot of standardization that’s starting to take place where all of these different kinds of loads, different types of heat pumps and different types of EV charges, et cetera, are starting to adopt certain standards, and those standards will make it easier for us to integrate them onto our platform.
Raghu Belur: Really, we are not -- as we sit here today, based on all of the discussions that we have had with our customers, based on what we see out in the marketplace, we don’t see any impact on our business. Obviously, we are expecting and we have heard that module prices are going up. So, in our opinion, can those module prices increase and module prices be absorbed by the residential customer, and we believe that magnitude of module price increase that we are seeing an easily be absorbed by the customer. So, our opinion is that we won’t see any impact on our business. And also bear in mind that most residential systems are financed systems. So, what the homeowner actually sees is a small increase in their monthly payment. And we believe that those monthly payments are not going to be larger than what the utility rate increases that they’re experiencing. So, all of those things point to residential segment that is probably going to be much more resilient segment than any other segment.
Raghu Belur: Yes. Obviously, we do pay attention to the regions and pay attention to opportunities that lie, and we’ll continue to do that. At this time, we are very focused on the countries that we talked about. The market is really expanding very strongly and countries that we are already in, which is Netherlands, France, Belgium, Germany and the new markets, which include Spain, Italy and Portugal, and we need to bring all our products. We need to bring IQ8s there. We need to make sure we have batteries in all of those countries as well. And so, right now, we are focused on these, but we keep an eye out, right? We pay attention to what’s happening in the country that you referred to.
