Kris Sennesael: So Phil we only provide guidance one quarter at a time, so I’m not going to provide any specific guidance for 2015. In general of course we do expect that the normal seasonality that we have seen in the last couple of years will continue during 2015 meaning that Q1 is typically a seasonally down quarter, followed by a strong sequential growth in the second quarter, more growth in the third quarter and then kind of a flattish quarter going into the fourth quarter. So, we definitely expect seasonality to be the same in 2015 as 2014.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Josh let me start with just reiterating that I’m very happy with the progress we’ve been making on gross margins over the last couple of years moving margin from 10% to 20% to 30% now two quarters in a row being at 33%, I’m really happy with the progress that we’ve been able to make there. You know that our long-term target model is 35% to 40% and we are committed and confident that we will make and continue to make progress towards that long-term target model. Having said that, the progression between today and hitting our long-term target model might not be linear, the road might be bumpy and so there might be quarter-to-quarter certain fluctuations there. The main reason for that is when you look at gross margin of course there is two sides to the equation, one of them is pricing the other one is product cost. On pricing, we definitely see some increased pricing pressure in the market there and of course we’re going to be smart about that, but we also if pricing pressure is becoming too high we would definitely will continue to take pricing actions. On the other hand, we’ve product cost reductions, we will continue to innovate and to innovation we’ll continue to add features and functions to our product while at the same time continuing to drive down the product cost. The key here is that the timing of the pricing actions and the timing of the product cost reductions of course does not necessarily fall in the same quarter and as a result of that the road going forward might be a little bit bumpy.
Kris Sennesael: So Gen 4 was approximately 90% of our total [Audio Gap] converted now and I do expect in the fourth quarter to have close to 100% of our revenue coming from the 4 generation. Within the 4 generation, we have two products 215 and 250. The 250 was approximately 25% of that 4 generation mix.
Kris Sennesael: No, I think the third quarter was pretty much in line with previous quarter in terms of inverters and cables and Envoys in terms of the mix there.
Kris Sennesael: Currently, that is still 85, 15 and I don’t expect that to be drastically changing in Q4. We are really excited about the new commercial product that we have available and we will more aggressively target the commercial market not only small commercial but also medium and large commercial. Having said that it will take some time until we will be able to drive meaningful revenue there, the sales cycles are pretty long and so you have to make sure you get designed-in in some of those larger projects and so that will take some time. So far we are in beta testing and the product is being installed, its very well received by the market the installers and players in commercial market have been waiting for this product for the long time and we will start shipping it beginning 2015.
Kris Sennesael: Well, it’s clearly the leverage in our operating expenses that we’re seeing here at work we had nice sequential revenue growth year-over-year revenue growth and we were able to leverage the infrastructure that we have especially in G&A but also to a certain extent in sales and marketing.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, it will take multiple quarters till that transition is fully completed. The main driver there is the adoption of higher power modules which is progressing but at a slow speed. So, we expect that adoption to continue over the next couple of quarter. For us that is a gross margin tailwind because the gross margin profile of the M250 is slightly higher than with the M215 and so we would benefit from the adoption of the higher power microinverter.
Paul Nahi: I can’t really speak in terms of megawatts or unit volumes what I can say is this that, in the small commercial market we already have close to a 38% market share. I think our commercial customers have been waiting for this product. We finally have for the first time a purpose-built commercial inverter, so I’m very optimistic about its reception and its uptake, but I’m going to refrain from giving any specific megawatt data.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So, clearly there are some customers who -- we’ve many customers who are 100% Enphase some of these Enphase with other products and it would not be surprising to us and we’ve I think signaled for quite sometimes that one of our biggest customers has indicated that they wanted to bring on a second source. So there is nothing here that’s either new or surprising. I think what’s very important for Enphase is that, when we look at the universal customers that we’re addressing, we’re increasing the number of customers that we’ve everyday both U.S. domestically as well as internationally and now with the advent of the commercial product we’re addressing yet an entirely new customer segment. So, I think that if we look at customer concentration it’s actually going down considerably from Q2 to Q3 and we expect that trend overtime to continue.
Paul Nahi: Sure, so what we’ve said in the past and what continues to be true is that with every subsequent generation of microinverter we see a cost reduction and that’s during the course of the development and of course to the life of that microinverter we don’t see that trend changing anytime soon, that’s really part of the high-tech story and this is very similar to what Kris was saying that we fully expect with every generation of product we’re going to introduce new features and new functions such as bidirectional power flow, such as reactive power and we’ll see cost reduction as well and again overtime we expect that to be accretive to gross margin.
Paul Nahi: And in reference to the second part of your question about sort of where the competitive pricing pressure is coming from, we still haven’t seen a viable microinverter competitor. We also know that there have been several variance of microinverters from both large and small companies, but none of yet posed a very significant competitive challenge. However, there are a lot of other products string inverters that are competing and several of them are competing by lowering their price that will pose some competition in the future, but it’s primarily from standard string inverters.
Paul Nahi: So as you know Edwin, we monitor the channels very-very tightly by skew and we do this all over the world. I would say in general we have kept the channels fairly stable. I don’t think you would see a significant from this quarter to last.
Paul Nahi: Sure, so let me take that last question first. In the APAC region, Australia was primarily driving the growth. We are still relatively new to New Zealand and New Zealand is going to be a bit of smaller market, but our penetration and our market share growth in Australia has been very-very impressive. In response to the question about do I expect that to continue into 2015? Without giving any direct guidance, we really have spent a good part of 2014 building up the infrastructure in Australia making sure the right people were in place and making sure we have the distribution channels established, making sure that the installers were being trained. We’ll continue doing a lot of that in 2015 but I feel a lot of the ground work has been completed. So I expect to see some very significant growth in Australia in 2015 and I would say something very similar about the UK as well. The UK growth as you have mentioned is very impressive. We have a great team out there which is doing extremely well. And we do now have much stronger brand recognition great relationships with installers and distributors and will be able to leverage a lot of this in 2015.
Paul Nahi: We can’t give specific guidance like that however, what I can say is we have as a Company we are still in the very early days in terms of technology development for microinverters. There is a tremendous amount of innovation that we are currently working on and will be working on that as I mentioned will not only increase features and functions but will also reduce cost. So overtime I expect as Kris have said we are more confident than ever that our target gross margins and that aggregate corporate gross margins 35 to 40 points will be met. In the short-term will you see some bumps in the road absolutely that to be expected but I think when you look at our cost reduction road map and if you look at where we are estimating prices to be we remain very confident that the long-term potential 35 to 40 points has never been as clear as it is today.
Paul Nahi: That’s a difficult question to answer what the nature of this market is that prices will come down year-on-year that’s not Enphase specific I think that is true for every part of the channel whether it’s customer acquisition cost whether it’s racking, whether it’s modules, whether it’s inverters. We certainly do our part to continue that. Will we use pricing strategically in some accounts, sometimes, will we always respond to pricing pressure from competitors, not always, but what we’re trying to do is keep a balanced portfolio that allows us to overtime continue to increase gross margins while growing our share as much as possible. This really underscores the balanced profitable growth strategy that we have. A decision to go big on growth at the expensive of gross margin would be a very easy one to make. A decision to get to our target gross margins at the expensive of growth is equally easy. What we’re faced with everyday it is a balance between the two and making decisions on growing our top-line as much as possible while seeing growth in the bottom-line as well. 
Paul Nahi: Well I think the residential pricing has been under a lot of pressure, it’s a different price point obviously than the utility scale inverters, but I think we’re seeing pricing pressure and we’ll continue to see pricing pressure, again not just in the inverters but along the entire value chain for resi, commercial and utility scale. The fact is the dynamics of the utility scale market are different than the residential market, the type of products and technologies are different which lends itself to a different cost point and the different price point. But I think we can assume that going forward as we have over the past seven-eight years that we will continue to see prices in all segments continue to come down.
Paul Nahi: That’s actually a great question, it’s actually very exciting for us that our existing customers particular the ones in the U.S. residential market because the U.S. residential market is doing so well really are experiencing some tremendous amount of organic growth, it’s very exciting to watch their success and that’s certainly has been great for Enphase but in addition to that in the U.S. residential market in the U.S. commercial market in overseas, we continue to add new customers every single day. Big customers and small customers really in the residential space, in the commercial space our rate of increase in new customers continues to impress us and continues to grow and as we move into new geographies as we continue to go deeper into the geographies we’re in, I expect that rates to actually increase. So, it’s a bit of a mix bag but the good news for us is that both existing customers are doing extremely well and we’re adding to that customer list every day.
Paul Nahi: Thank you all for joining our call. The solar market represents an enormous growth opportunity. Our proven high technology business model combined with a balanced profitable growth strategy allows us to take advantage of this explosive market. Enphase has the technologies required for the next generation solar. I’m very proud of our third quarter financial results. And I’m looking forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
