Kris Sennesael: Thank you, Paul. I will provide some more details related to our second quarter 2016 financial results as well as our business outlook for the third quarter of 2016. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2016 was $79.2 million in line with the business outlook we provided last quarter and an increase of 24% sequentially. We shipped 186 MW AC or approximately 219 MW DC during the second quarter of 2016 an increase of 30% compared to the first quarter of 2016. The megawatts shipped represented 796,000 microinverters, all of which were our fourth and fifth generation microinverter systems. GAAP gross margin for the second quarter of 2016 was 17.9% and non-GAAP gross margin was 18.2% approximately flat compared to the first quarter of 2016. As previously discussed, we have adopted a more competitive pricing strategy ahead of product cost reductions. As we continue to execute on our cost reduction roadmap and have year-over-year price erosion returns to historical levels we expect to see gradual improvements in gross margins going forward. GAAP operating expenses during the second quarter of 2016 were $29.9 million and non-GAAP operating expenses were $27.54 which excluded $2.4 million of stock-based compensation expense. During the second quarter of 2016 R&D expenses on a non-GAAP basis were $12.1 million. Sales and marketing expense were $9.4 million and G&A expenses were $6 million. We reported GAAP operating loss of $15.8 million and a net loss of $16.7 million in the second quarter of 2016 resulting in a loss of $0.36 per share. On a non-GAAP basis operating loss was $13 million and net loss was $13.9 million resulting in a loss of $0.30 per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the second quarter we improved our cash flow and reduced inventory levels substantially resulting in $7.3 million of positive cash flow from operations. Inventory decreased from $45.6 million at the end of the first quarter to $39.3 million at the end of the second quarter. Capital expenditures during the second quarter were $4.8 million. We started the second quarter with $13 million in cash and $20 million draw on our credit facility. During the quarter, we paid down $7.5 million on the credit facility and ended the quarter with $8.2 million of cash and $12.5 million draw on the credit facility. Cash net of borrowings increased by $2.7 million sequentially. To facilitate our continued growth we entered into a term loan agreement on July 08, and borrowed $25 million that was fully drawn upon closing. The second lien term loan facility has a term of four years with interest only during the first year and monthly repayments in equal installments during the last three years. Terms and conditions are in line with the market for this type of facility. There are no warrants preferred or common shares or other equity rights given with this facility. We believe our current cash balance as well as the cash available through our working capital facility and debt financing is sufficient to fund the growth of our business. Now let's discuss our outlook for the third quarter of 2016. We expect revenue for the third quarter of 2016 to be within a range of $87 million to $93 million as we continue to see the expansion of our business with wins at new and existing customers worldwide and include some incremental revenue from our AC Battery storage solution. We expect GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin to be within a range of 17% to 20%. Non-GAAP gross margin excludes approximately $300,000 of stock-based compensation expense. We also expect GAAP operating expense for the third quarter of 2016 to be within a range of $30 million to $32 million and non-GAAP operating expenses to be within a range of $27 million to $29 million which excludes approximately $3 million of stock-based compensation expense. Now, I will open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, so first of all I'm pleased with the fact that we generated $7.3 million of positive cash flow from operations during the second quarter. In big part that was driven by a drastic reduction of inventory of approximately $6 million. I do believe that we can continue to further improve our inventory turns and actually further reduce inventory levels in absolute dollars as well at least in the next couple of quarters. Of course as the business continues to grow multiple quarters out there, there will eventually be an increase in optional doors of inventory levels, but still improvement in terms of inventory turns. Turning to the payables, keep in mind that Q2 volume in megawatts or unit shipments was up 30% sequentially and so as a result of that you do see somewhat of an increase in the payables as well, although slightly more than 30% and that has to do with some of the timing of the payments of certain of those vendors. Overall, I feel comfortable with the balance sheet as it is right now. As you know, we ended with $8.2 million of cash on the balance sheet. We have our working capital facility with Wells which is a up to $50 million working capital facility with a $25 million accordion feature on top of that and then after closing of the quarter we added $25 million of cash to the balance sheet with the term debt facility that we entered into.
Kris Sennesael: No, the mix was relatively stable between inverter and accessories for the last three quarters in a row. We did see a little bit of a shift back to the 215 instead of the 250 and so there was a little bit of a mixed shift there that was putting some pressure on the margins. But I would say in general the margins have bottomed out in the high teens, 18, 18.2 going forward as we execute on our product cost reduction roadmap. And of course depending on were pressing will go over, we do definitely see a little bit of a slowdown in terms of year-over-year price erosion and so, when you combine that we do expect some gradual improvements on the margins in the next couple of quarters.
Kris Sennesael: Right and definitely over the last couple of quarters we have seen a shift from the 215 to the 250, I believe it was roughly 50-50 and going forward we definitely continue to see that shift to higher power modules being paired with higher power microinverters. Due to some customer mix and other shift in Q2 the mix shifted slightly more towards 215, but I do not believe that this a trend. On the contrary, I think the trend is definitely a shift towards higher power modules and higher power microinverters in the next couple of quarters.
Kris Sennesael: No, so in second quarter it was a reduction of $6 million over the next couple of quarters we're looking at $1 million or $2 million per quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Right, right, so yeah, so we obviously have dialled in interest. By the way the term loan first year is interest only and then in the last three years it is a straight amortization and equal installments. So that obviously is all dialed in, into our cash flow.
Kris Sennesael: So again, we were pleased with the fact that we generated cash in the second quarter, in part of course, because of the inventory reduction of approximately $6 million. So when I look at the second half of 2016, we are not going to repeat $6 million per quarter inventory reduction. So it is going to be less than that $1 million or $2 million a quarter as I indicated. As a result of that, there is still going to be cash burn in the second half of 2016, although when I look down to the first quarter of 2017, in part due to the seasonality of the business, we do expect to generate cash in the first quarter of 2017.
Kris Sennesael: So the guidance does include a couple million dollar revenue from AC battery storage solution in Q3. Obviously we are just starting to ship that product and that solution, we do expect a very steep ramp in more meaningful revenue in Q4 of 2016 and beyond in 2017.
Kris Sennesael: It is actually a very good question, one that we are bit wrestling with ourselves. Clearly, the market itself is very fragmented. We are seeing perhaps a slowdown in the California market, but burgeoning markets in other areas like Texas however still a much smaller market. Our view still remains fairly consistent that year-over-year, we expect 25% to 28% increase in 2016 over 2015, but we are going to remain cautious a little bit right now until we get a few more data points.
Kris Sennesael: So, yes, I can talk a little bit about that. We have laid out an aggressive, but realistic cost reduction roadmap during our Analyst Day in November of 2015 and the target there was to go and drive down the cost 50% over the time period of two years. So towards the end of 2017, and in the meantime, we continue to drive down the cost of our fourth generation product, which is the majority of the shipments that we do right now towards the end of 2016. And then ramping in 2017 we will introduce our sixth generation product that we will then also continue to further cost reduce and then towards the end of 2017 ramping up in 2018 we will bring our seventh generation product to the market there and that will be on or about 50% cheaper from a cost point of view than where we were at the end of 2015. So we feel really good about the execution on that product cost reduction roadmap. A lot of progress has been made. Our sixth generation product is up and running has been placed on roofs, is going through the long term quality and reliability testing right now. And we feel really good about our product. The cost of that product is on target even slightly below were we targeted that, and we feel good as well on the execution towards the seventh generation towards the end of 2017 as well. So I think that is great execution in driving down the cost. When you talk about margin there again you have to bring the other side of the equation pricing into it, and I think Paul has talked about that. We do expect to return to more historical levels in terms of year-over-year price erosion and so the combination of those two will help us to gradually improve the margins in the next couple of quarters.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, as I stated before payables are up sequentially, but again take into account that unit shipment was up 30% sequentially and so that definitely drove a lot of the increase in payable. And so as we continue to grow the business and continue the unit shipments and megawatt shipments, you can expect that the payables will continue to grow as well. Now there is sometimes, some seasonality to that as well and depending on certain payments to certain vendors, you will see some fluctuations there quarter-to-quarter. So definitely Q2 is somewhat on the higher end in terms of payable and so that will not repeat itself in Q3 and Q4, and that's why as I answered the previous question, I do believe that there will be some cash burn in the second half of 2016. But again, as revenue improves, as margins start gradual improving, as we continue to manage our operating expenses and drive improvements on the bottom line and continue to work on the balance sheet as well by further inventory level reduction you will see the cash burn to reduce over time and get back to positive cash flows into Q1 of 2017.
Kris Sennesael: No, no it's both inside and out. Again, because we are tied to a particular module, we will fluctuate a bit based on the volatility of the module market. So if there is an influx of lower power modules at may be very low cost, we may see an increase in the 215s. I think as was brought up before the general trend is very clear, it is up into the right in terms of module power. And we're seeing costs come down on the higher power modules very significantly. So we – there’s no question that the trend is towards higher power microinverters, but in the short term quarter-on-quarter you're going to see fluctuations.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, and so obviously the panel market or the module market is 60 gigawatt worldwide and is used in utility scale projects and commercial projects and residential projects. The inverter market is much more fragmented and string inverter or central inverter for utility scale has nothing to do with a inverter for a residential system in the U.S. market, a totally different market.
Paul Nahi: So, international markets represent approximately 15% of our total revenue. While they are growing very dramatically, it is also true that the U.S. market is growing. So it makes it a little bit difficult to sort of catch-up and get ahead. However, we still maintain our view that we expect the international markets to be a larger portion of our total revenue than they are today. In reference to the ability to maintain the rate of growth in those markets, it is a little hard to say and it is going to be a little bit complicated by the fact that in several of these markets, specifically in the Asia-Pacific region and in Europe we are going to start introducing the AC Battery storage solution and the total energy management solution. That will obviously have a positive effect on revenue and is going to I think distort the total revenue relative to the U.S. market. But I do believe that we are going to be able to continue growing share in all these international markets, both this year as well as next.
Paul Nahi: Sure, so you bring up a very good point. With rapid shutdown it does certainly change the equation. In part, because it does increase the cost of a string inverter and also it requires that now there are – there's electronics put on a roof and that has its own complications. Clearly Enphase is very experienced with this, with our warranty and our quality. But I can tell you from experience that getting the kind of quality that you need to have something sit on a roof for multiple years in very adverse conditions is extremely challenging. And that now represents a single point of failure for the string inverter. So I think it is going to add both cost and complexity to those designs. In reference to whether we are seeing those, the low cost offshore string inverters in the current U.S. marketplace, I think it is important to keep in mind that they've been here in one form or another for many years now and we haven’t seen them take a very large foothold in the residential market. We're not seeing that change that dramatically today, that dramatically if at all. However, we are keeping a very close eye on it and we will monitor it very tightly, but as of today we're not seeing that.
Paul Nahi: So I don’t think it's going to be, so this is Paul. I don’t think it's going to be that dramatic that fast. We completely agree with your comment and are seeing both from the suppliers more and more higher power modules and more of a demand for higher power modules from the installers. However these transitions can take a little bit of time. So I would caution against assuming too rapid a shift, but if you look at our next generation microinverter which is coming out end of this year or early next, that will be yet again even higher power to support the even larger modules that are coming out. So, I think that certainly over the next number of quarters we’re going to see a shift, a fairly dramatic shift away from the lower power inverters to the higher power inverters.
Paul Nahi: Right. So I think I would start by saying that it seems inevitable that utilities need to be a participant in the solar market for us to continue to grow. It is in part because we need to find a business model that accommodates both utilities as well as the solar industry and it is important simply for grid stabilization. We partnered with HECO in Hawaii to help address some of the challenges they had, because of our smart inverters down there and because of our ability to remotely, both provide monitoring capabilities of the grid itself, as well as and an ability to change operating characteristics of our inverters, we were able to help them stabilize their grid. And we have – we do have a revenue contract with HECO to help sort of continue that. In reference to PG&E, we're still in the very early stages of establishing what the technologies need to be in order to provide the same services. And then the second phase of that would be a deeper understanding of the exact business models. So right now it is, PG&E doesn't have a lot of experience yet with the remote management and monitoring of solar inverters. We're helping provide both the Power Electronics to make that happen as well as the communications and the big data analytics that together give PG both a visibility on the grid and the ability then to make certain requests, which we would then implement on the inverters themselves. We are also seeing similar requirements or similar explorations in the Asia-Pacific region as well with some of the utilities down there. So I think overall, it's almost inevitable that there needs to be a deeper integration between the utilities in the solar industry. And through that – through the course of that I think that the opportunity to rate base either the product or the service certainly exists. We have had some initial discussions about that as well and it's very much aligned with our current strategy, so strategy both and core competencies. So we're going to – we're going to stay very active and engaged on this, and as we develop the business models with our utility partners we will keep you up to speed and up to date.
Paul Nahi: Well, quite a few factors, clearly the biggest one for us is just looking at the market itself and looking at the empirical data that we're seeing. As we had spoken about in the prepared remarks, we have seen that once we get to competitive pricing, we do believe that we can win a majority of the deals, and we've seen that empirically because of the advantages of our solution, the simplicity, the ease of design installation, the extra energy production, the holistic solution. And we took some very aggressive pricing actions, both the latter part of 2015 as well as the first half of 2016. And in speaking to our customers in the markets we're seeing that the pricing environment seems to have generally stabilized, that doesn't mean that it is exactly stable, it just generally stabilized. And we're going to continue to monitor it and then obviously, if we see things change we will respond accordingly. But we’ll stay abreast of that and adjust our operating metrics based on our target market share numbers and net income and cash flow management.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So as I mentioned before, in terms of the offshore inverters, they've been around for quite some time. That's nothing new. We are hearing more about them and I think they're making a lot of noise right now. We're not seeing a very dramatic shift in our customer base to the offshore manufacturers, but we'll stay abreast of that and if it changes we'll certainly let you know, but we're not seeing that shift right now. In reference to other people getting interested in Power Electronics I think there are those companies that have - that may have that expertise and we may or may not see them as successful in this space. Remember that in order to produce a successful product, you need three distinct technologies. You need the Power Electronics, which in the case of a microinverter it also includes deep semiconductor expertise. You need a communications technology, and you also need big data analytics, cloud based analytics. We've said many times that we're collecting today somewhere in the neighborhood of two or three terabytes of data every day, and we're using this data to provide analytics to our partners and we have a very robust and very heavily used API that our partners use all the time to extract the data for their use. On the Power Electronics side, we talked about all the capabilities that are now required in a microinverter. They go far beyond DC to AC conversion. And communications, is a vastly complex subject that involves not just communications from the inverter to the gateway device, but then an understanding of the division of labor if you will in compute power between what's being done at the inverter, what’s being done at the gateway and then what's being done at the cloud, and then managing that. So and then obviously, I'm not even, I haven’t even begun to talk about the manufacturing requirements. In order to get to the kind of quality levels we've achieved. So I'm sure that there are people who are interested in this space, and I think new entrants are healthy and they may bring some new technologies, but I feel very comfortable that we have a very strong and defensible position that it would be very challenging for a new entrant to match at this time.
Paul Nahi: So the steady state volume production of the storage unit is going to be at corporate gross margin. So we feel very good that it's going to be a very positive influence both on the bottom line as well as cash. And as I said it will be at corporate gross margin. Initially in our first shipments it may be slightly less, but that's just some issues associated with ramp up in Q – it just in this quarter.
Paul Nahi: Well, I think it's going to fall our corporate gross margin. So I think you can assume that as our corporate gross margins increase it will increase with it for the same reasons at the corporate gross margin will increase.
Paul Nahi: So the AC Battery consists of obviously all the mechanicals, all the cabling, the microinverter itself, several other controller boards are go inside the – inside the AC Battery. And all of these as we ship our first generation product are exactly that our first generation products. So there is going to be a tremendous amount of opportunity to continue to reduce everything other than the chemistry itself. The chemistry itself, again the industry, the residential storage industry is very nascent, it's just starting. So we fully expect to see significant reduction in cost on the batteries themselves, which should also help in gross margin. So you're exactly correct that there is more third party content in the AC Battery than there is in just the microinverter, but there's still a tremendous amount of room and everything that we add value to around that to reduce costs and we expect to stay ahead of the cost reduction curve on the chemistry itself.
Paul Nahi: No, there was no – we didn't do anything on pricing to clear out either to 215s or to 250s. We - this was just sort of good inventory hygiene that's all. In terms of mix, the mix is – the mix that we have in inventory right now remains very similar to the mix we had prior to the quarter starting, just less of it.
Paul Nahi: Right. So yes exactly correct. Before it was much higher, but the reality of the environment today is that our customers are facing a very competitive environment themselves. And while they have expressed a desire to use Enphase, some of them have he felt that they just simply can't afford the premiums that they used to have to pay for it and that and so some of them had moved away to a cheaper product. Now that we are more price competitive, we're seeing them come back and we're gaining new customers all the time. In reference to your question about how much of a premium, it is very hard to say, because it really depends on any individual installer. I would say that it could be anywhere between 10% and 20% that we see that we will win the majority of those deals. Some installers are going to be far more sensitive to pricing, others place a greater value on our future set and simplicity, and are partnering with us on some other software initiatives as well. So I know it's a relatively broad range, but the market itself is rather fragmented in that respect.
Paul Nahi: I think the inverters have their own price decline that’s been going on. I don't think that lower cost modules will have any significant impact on the pricing front on inverters. I do think, again to point out a previous caller's remarks, I think that does mean that there's going to be a fluctuation in mix that as the prices come down we may see one quarter more 215s, another quarter more 250s, I think that there may be some volatility there, but I don't think it's going to have a significant impact on an inverter pricing.
Paul Nahi: Right so it is hard to gauge, let me address the last part of your question first, I don't know what the demand is yet. We have our own estimates, but it could be very significant depending on several factors. We know that the economic case for storage is very different in different parts of Australia. In New South Wales it is more about rate arbitrage and Queensland is more about power export limiting and I think those will drive different demand profiles. As to our confidence, it was very clear that we actually haven’t installed an AC battery yet. So all of our thoughts, all of our confidence comes from the fact that we have multiple beta sites already in Australia. The people who have installed our systems have also installed competitive systems, whether it is from China or whether it is from the U.S., whether it is from Germany or Europe and 201 [ph] we have heard that our solution is not only the simplest, but its modularity provides an ability to customize that solution for that particular consumer. Remember, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, one person can install approximately 5 kWh in one hour. I don't believe that there is a competitive solution around that can make any claim anywhere near that and yet we are seeing that happen. So, on one hand we are very competitively priced just from a CapEx perspective. We have far and away the simplest installation process. So we reduce installation costs. Our communications technology and our big data analytics allows us to extract the data and then provide an energy management system to appropriately manage that source. Remember, the minute you add storage to a solar system, you must have now an energy management system. You need to know what you're generating, what you are consuming, what is the state of charge of the battery is, what the weather is, what the rate structure is, what the regulatory requirements are. So that you can then decide how to manage that battery when to charge and discharge to provide the highest return on investment for the consumer. We are today the largest residential solar marketing company in the world. We know data and data management very likely better than any other solar company, so we have that aspect of it as a core competency. Our microinverter gives us the ability to provide the modular solution so you can have 1.2 kWh blocks so you can tailor that system, the size of the system because it is AC coupled we work in retrofit markets. Many of the existing systems don’t work in retrofit markets and are only working in new systems and yet it is our belief that a large portion of the Australian market is going to be retrofit, specifically New South Wales. And again, so that combination of simplicity, cost effectiveness and providing that totally integrated symptoms is what is enticing and providing the excitement for our customers and it is what is driving our confidence.
Paul Nahi: So the current pricing is very competitive with similar parts on the market. I would say it is middle to low end of the range which is just pure CapEx. What we did is, we looked at it two ways, one was obviously evaluating the competitive environment and two, was looking at the current rate structure to provide the economics that would make the solution in general very interesting. That is sort of what led us to the existing pricing where we are. Obviously over time we will be reducing our cost and our price and getting more and more competitive and looking at larger and larger markets, not just in Australia, but in Europe and in Hawaii and other locations as well. But we feel that we have a good balance right now to address the existing market and our customers have told us and I think that the backlog that we currently have would be indicative of finding that right price point. Again, we know we are going to have to over time reduce it and that's the nature of the business, but I think for the time being we feel that we've found a sweet spot.
Paul Nahi: So, we think that between Q1 and Q2 we've gained around 6 percentage points which is approaching around 30% share.
Paul Nahi: Right, right, it is actually a very good question. Unfortunately I am not at liberty to talk about the specific utilities that we're talking with right now, but they are not in – well in addition to the utilities we are talking about in Hawaii and California there are definitely other utilities both in the Central, Midwest and Northeast United States that we are in discussions with. I think the larger point here is that and Enphase has never taken a confrontational stance with the utilities. We understand that they have to find business models to make this work and they need to make sure that the application of distributed resources does not disrupt the grid. We believe that there are multiple ways to find not just the right technologies but the right business models and as an energy technology provider we thing we're in a very good position to help them work through some of these issues.
Paul Nahi: I don’t know that the target goal of this pilot is to get to a rate based solution, although I think that getting to a rate based solution is certainly a lot of a goal and it is one that we're after. The initial goal of the PG&E engagement is really to test out the different technologies, try to understand how PG&E can work with distributed energy resource provider like Enphase to both monitor the grid as well as provide the appropriate controls and then this is on a limited basis initially and then we will follow up with discussions on how to go wider, how to institutionalize the process and then of course what the right business model is which of course would include the potential to rate base it
