Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So, regarding the demand situation, let me let me tell you the story. In the last earnings call in February, we all – all of us were looking forward to a nice Q2. And we were quite healthily booked at that time. And then, suddenly, in early March, we started seeing the pandemic spreading to the US. So, in the last three weeks of March, we started seeing the residential installations go down. And for Enphase, particularly, we were actually 100% linear at that time. And so, we were shipping perfectly. And yes, we did experience slowdown in the last three weeks, yet we managed to make our numbers.  Then April, the pandemic spread was a lot more severe. And particularly, we have seen it very severe in, obviously, California due to the shelter in place rules and, obviously, in New York where it is really severe unfortunately at this point in time.  So, I already said 30% to 50% drop according to industry reports that we see in overall residential installations. In some places like Texas, it's on the side of 30%. In some places like what I said, New York, California, it's even more than 50%. In Florida, it's a little bit less on the lower side.  And then, we also find – obviously, in times like this, our small and medium size installers are going to be a lot affected. And so, what we are doing, Enphase, if you see our midpoint of guidance, this time in Q2, that's about $122.5 million, the midpoint of guidance for Q2. And we are well booked above that number right now. But we know that we have to work with a lot of customers and make sure that we don't overload the channel.  It's important for us that we support our customers in this time. And so, we are working with each customer to make sure they have the right inventory because we have no interest in stuffing the channel. And then, we're looking forward to a great Q3.  So, right now, we are in the beginning of May. California is on lock down till the end of May, shelter in place till the end of May. The other states, they have been a little bit more aggressive. New York is also going to be similar to California. So, we expect – if things are optimistic, we expect to start seeing more activity in towards the end of May and June. Demand may pick up. But right now, with the visibility we have, we thought it is important for us to be realistic, give you the right guidance to work with our installers, to make sure we don't have excess inventory in the channel, so that we are ready for a nice ramp in Q3.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, situation in Europe, sorry, I didn't answer that question. The situation in Europe – Italy, we are not in Italy. So, unfortunately, Italy has been a lot affected in Europe. But, fortunately, we are not there.  Netherlands, despite the pandemic, Netherlands is modestly affected, and our share in Netherlands has been quite low, maybe sub 10%. And we tripled our sales team. We hired some great people in Netherlands. We are working on distributor partnerships. We are working to win installers. And so, for us, the Netherlands, I would say it's more a share gain from our perspective because of our efforts.  And in terms of Germany, Germany is affected by COVID. Of course, we don't do much business in Germany. That's the nice thing about it. And we were able to make modest impact in Q1 and we expect to grow that in Q2. Spain is another place where we have started efforts. We have a team of three, four people, an excellent team of people. We expect them to start making significant progress for us in Q2 and beyond.  That's why you've seen Europe – although Europe is hit by the pandemic, for us, Enphase, we think we will be in line with Q1 for Q2. So, that's the situation.  Australia. Australia is similarly affected. Right now, Australia is doing a lot better than the US, but they do predict a drop in demand. And our numbers in Australia are also flat compared to Q1. Q2 numbers are flat compared to Q1.  So, if I were to summarize, the rest of the world business is doing better than the US and the US is a lot affected by the pandemic, basically.  Now, you've asked the question on manufacturing. Manufacturing is not an issue. Supply chain is not an issue. We have a lot of options. We basically – you know we have China. We have Mexico. They're all doing well. We are working with contract manufacturer to optimize inventory in both workplaces This is a time where cash is king and we want to make sure we don't spend money unless we need to. At the same time, we are not compromising on our batteries. As Eric said, we've built an inventory of $3 million for battery at the end of March and now it is even more. So, we are getting ready for the ramp there.  And in terms of manufacturing supply chain, we are also diversifying to another place, meaning another location, neither in China nor in Mexico. And we'll announce it when we are ready. But we'll be able to start manufacturing microinverters there in the fourth quarter. 
Badri Kothandaraman: So, we misunderstood the question. Sorry. Yes. So, if you're asking about the channel, in the past, we have always said 8 to 10 weeks. Obviously, the downward pressure on demand means that the installations didn't happen. Didn't happen much in April. That means when you look at forward-looking inventory based upon what actually happened in April, you're going to end up with a big number of weeks of inventory. But what we are doing at this time is it's pretty clear, right? We are saying, okay, yes, you guys have stopped installing, therefore, it is no point for us to put more inventory into the channel. And therefore, we will make sure that we work with you, and we push out your orders into the next quarter and ensure that the channel inventory is always healthy.  If the channel inventory is always healthy, then when the demand comes back up, then we can – when the channel depletes a bit, we can basically refresh the material back. So, it's almost like a mass balance. When the channel depletes some inventory, we can ship back some inventory into the channel. And we are doing it mathematically. We have a lot of experience in this. In good times, obviously, inventory is going to be low. In bad times, the trick is to see how you can prevent inventory from ballooning up. And it's mathematically done, formulaically done and we work with our installers. So, that's what we're doing. 
Badri Kothandaraman: I think you've got it right. Yes, we are booked quite well. We are booked a lot more than the midpoint of the guidance. But our visibility is lowered this time and the uncertainty is high. And if April were a proxy of things, we will expect a little bit more cancellations and push out. On the other hand, if May or June is a lot more positive, we'll have a chance to hit the high point. So, we thought we should give you a number that takes into account all of these puts and takes. And that's why I'm giving you a full visibility. You guys know what I know.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Let me answer the question on gross margin. Yes, absolutely. We are highly confident of our gross margins. And that's why we gave you a guidance of 37% to 40% despite these times. Why is that? The basic question.  Gross margin comprises of two things, pricing management and cost management. Pricing management, we're very disciplined in pricing. We have a pricing team, which I established a couple of years ago, and they do a great job optimizing every transaction. That's extremely important for us and we do value-based pricing. We will continue to do that. Absolutely. So, pricing is one of the big reasons why our gross margin is where it is.  The second is cost management. Cost management comprises into a lot of tactical pieces and a few strategic pieces. Tactical pieces are blocking and tackling in order to do supply chain optimization, finding second sources here and there, dropping costs, negotiation with customers. The second piece is tariffs. We have systematically designed the supply chain such that microinverters produced in Mexico do not require a tariff and we are extending the same to accessories in the future. That's two. Number three. Also tactical is, you saw us doing a lot of expedites two or three quarters ago. And expedites are no longer required for us because we have solved the power transistor problem, we have solved the component shortage problem. So, therefore, expedites are going to be in the noise. That's one more thing there.  And then number four is a little bit more strategic piece. When it comes to cost reduction, we have an ASIC strategy. In the ASIC, we have basically the digital portion. And then we also have the analog integration of the ASIC. We are able to integrate analog chips that we use in the microinverter on to the AC. Even if it means $0.20 cost reduction, $0.20 multiplied by, let's say, 8 million units a year, that big deal, $1.6 million. So, every cent for us that we can take out of the micro by integration into the SIC is extremely critical.  And then, in addition, the last few things are how can we fundamentally change the architecture of our transformers that is used, how can we go from 300 components down to 50 components, how can we reduce the microinverter to the size of an iPhone? Those are some of the long-term strategic cost reductions that we are thinking about.  So, to answer your question, we have a very high degree of confidence. Especially when the demand comes back, we do have upside in gross margins.  Now, I'll have Eric talk about whether we are worried about bad debt. 
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. If you look at Encharge battery, the subcomponents inside the Encharge battery or the cell battery pack, then you have the battery management unit, which is the BMS, then you have a battery controller which basically communicates to the gateway, and then you have the microinverters. As we dropped the cost of the microinverters, that's going to go down. We do have plans to integrate the battery management unit and the battery controller into one board and we do plan to use an ASIC to integrate to achieve even higher levels of integration.  Now then we are left with the cell pack. The beautiful thing about that is we work with so many cell pack vendors, and therefore, if they drop their cost, they are going to pass that cost on to us. So, I would say there is nice potential for us. Especially as we start ramping volumes, there is really – we can probably get a lot of costs out in the first couple of years, and then it more translates into steady progress after that. 
Badri Kothandaraman: It's still early days, but the nice things we have seen are our traffic, the leads have increased a lot. We don't do too much of business digitally today, but that is increasing, our traffic to the online store is increasing. So, that's why I talked about the digital platform.  And the digital platform is not something that we are taking it lightly as yet another effort. This is going to be a really powerful platform if we do it right. What does that mean? You've got a homeowner who is coming to you and you've got a lead that is coming to you, and how effectively you transfer that lead to your installer network. Enphase has got an installer network of 500 loyal installers. They are amazing partners for us. They are why we exist.  So, imagine if we generate thousands of leads, maybe it'll become tens of thousands of leads and maybe it'll become hundreds of thousands of leads soon, but, let's start with thousands of leads, we pass it to our Enphase loyal installer network, we help the homeowner make a decision there, and we then create a platform for the homeowner and the installer and Enphase to interact on one platform seamlessly. Then we start to take care of things, like, all the way from appointment setting, design closure, contract closure, bill of materials procurement, permitting, planning, and then activation when it shows up on our Enlighten database and then O&M after that. If we can help our installers to digitize all of these, and these are – yeah, I'm talking about small and medium size installers, because they are the ones who have manual systems. They use ad hoc tools for everything. It would be really advantageous for us to introduce this platform where we have everything in one place that is contained. And if we do that well – and I'm not saying that it's easy to do that well. If we do that, well – it's a multiyear effort. If we do that well, then we can sell a lot more solar and storage solutions because, as you can see, we are going to go from $2,000 a home to over $10,000 a home. And with things we are going to introduce later on for consumption with AC panels, it's only going to become more and more and more. And so, we are going to become a much higher fraction of the bill of materials.  And so, once again, the concept is if we can make it so easy for the homeowner, and in particular for the installer, the sales of our Ensemble based solar and storage solutions are going to shoot up. That's really what we want to do long-term.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Look, even in this time, we do have installers – we're winning a lot of installers. Why? It's pretty simple. It's the same thing that I'll keep keeping on beating on, which is quality and customer experience.  If we get to 0.05% annual failure rate, which is – we are actually very close to that number. That's an outstanding number, unbeatable number. And if we demonstrate that continuously, which we have for the last couple of years with IQ 7, that is a big factor for people to move to us. And that transition will happen regardless because in tough times like this, that transition, I believe will happen fast. People do not have time to screw around with failures. They don't.  So, if we can keep our NPS, net promoter score, above 60 – this quarter, we did 72. That's a phenomenal quarter. If we can do that, if we can answer the phone in less than 60 seconds, 0.05% annual defectivity, if we can extend that to batteries, our all-in-one solar and storage solution is going to dominate. No questions.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So, Phil, you know that we are a disciplined company. We are not going to give you metrics without thinking. So, you've\ got to be a little bit more patient for those metrics.  But what I will tell you is this. We have 1.1 million sites today. And these are Enphase sites. And, okay, I have the ability to generate leads by spending a lot of extra money on my right hand. And I have all the 1.1 million homeowners on my left hand. What do I choose? Right? Yeah, the answer is obvious. Those are Enphase customers, and so therefore the low hanging fruit is those Enphase customers. And we are already working on such upgrade programs. We do talk about one particular upgrade program that we constantly issue press releases on, which is the upgrade program for the Enphase's first and second generation microinverters, who are transitioning from the M190 base products to IQ 7 and sometimes IQ7 based AC module. Those are examples of programs that you will start seeing more and more from us. But you're absolutely right. It's a powerful concept. And if he can do it right, we'll be in a different place.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are not going to quantify it. We may separate it out. We may – and Eric already told you guys that last quarter. But in order for you guys to think about a lower number, we gave you the inventory of storage product that we built. We gave you that, but that number was at the end of March. And that number was $3 million. So, you guys can do the calculation and have a base number. That's the base number. Obviously, that's not all of it. But that will help you to at least have some number instead of shooting in the air.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So, the answer is China. And we have one source now. We will have one more source in the second half of the year. And then, yes, the 5% holds in Q4 of 2020.
Badri Kothandaraman: Because I did mention it in the call actually earlier. We are pleased with the progress that we're making on IQ 8D. IQ 8D, to remind everyone, it's a small commercial product, 640 watt AC. It will basically service two panels. And our differentiation there is, obviously, the trademark Enphase high quality, rapid shutdown implementation, and essentially very high efficiency product. But, yes, it is on track. 
Badri Kothandaraman: Our factory has been declared as an essential business, and so there have not been interruptions. And also, like what I said in my prepared remarks, obviously, this is a quarter where we are building less inventory, not more. So, we are carefully balancing the inventory between China and Mexico. And due to COVID, the amount of inventory that we have to build is quite small. 
Badri Kothandaraman: From an installation point of view, I think just people are cautious about having other people come and interact with them in their house. And I think that's one slowdown. The second slowdown, obviously, is also on the permitting side. Not everybody is like some of the counties that you're seeing here in California, like San Luis Obispo, et cetera, who have gone completely digital.  And then, the third element is around permission to operate. The PTO, which is in – both inspection and PTO. So, I think you're seeing that there is friction in the system as a result of the social distancing element. I think that is the biggest challenge. On the sales side, again, kitchen table sales are now less likely to happen or not happening. But we're seeing and a lot of our installer partners are adapting to doing this more virtually using digital tools.  So, yeah, we're going through that – experiencing those processes right now. 
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. The delay on Encharge is because of social distancing and work from home. The engineers essentially do not have – they have not been working together. And because of that, some of the engineering activities and the compliance activities were delayed. And that's kind of behind us now. It was a short-term blip, which affected us. Last February, I thought – or rather, two months back, I thought we were going to ship Encharge by the end of March. That didn't happen because of this.  And regarding the other regarding, I do plan to introduce the IQ 8, grid agnostic microinverters for residential rooftops. I do plan to introduce it in the second half. And I do also plan to introduce IQ 8D in the second half, along with Ensemble in a box. We have a lot of engineering teams in the company. And the teams, obviously, they are a little bit hampered right now working from home, but, hopefully, that will end and June will be a lot better. And at this point, we still see – so we are on track to getting them in the second half. 
Badri Kothandaraman: All right. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Encharge. We look forward to speaking with you again during our Q2 2020 earnings call. Bye. 
Raghu Belur: Hi. This is Raghu. So, let's take your first one, which is on the competitive dynamics. Now, we are not hearing of any competitors at this time exiting the market. We, obviously, keep track of it, but we are not hearing anything. So, we expect that to continue.  Your second question was on any interesting technologies that are available for us to look at. Absolutely. And Badri mentioned that one area that we are looking at as part of our digital transformation technology to look at building out end-to-end software platform that can significantly improve the customer experience. Everything from generation – from the sales lead all the way through procurement, through installation, commissioning, operations and maintenance, and I think we're going to grow that business both organically and look at growing it inorganically as well. And, yes, absolutely, we're looking at a bunch of different software companies out there that can help us in that endeavor.  I think in the long run as well, we have talked about – given as Ensemble transitions into a more sophisticated energy management system, there's a tremendous opportunity to look at companies that are doing some interesting work in forecasting engines and machine learning and AI type work, managing big data, et cetera. So, all of those are a tremendous opportunity as we start bringing all of our new products into the marketplace.
Raghu Belur: Yeah. I think one of the key things – and this is – as this disruption happened, we got together and we said, what is it that the people are thinking about? And I think you realize that self-sufficiency, resiliency is top of mind for a lot of people, especially here in the US. And so, that's why we decided, not long ago, that we were going to first prioritize getting the Ensemble in a box product here.  We did our competitive analysis, we did our survey up there and really felt that we have a phenomenal technology in Ensemble that we can leverage to bring a competitive product into the marketplace.  Like we mentioned, forefront of it being the reliability part, the always-on connectivity and, finally, the customer experience par. And we can address both resiliency part when you're inside the home or self-sufficiency part when you're inside the home and then you can also – it's a mobile device. So, it's basically energy on the go both for – whether it's for recreational use or for emergency purposes as well in the event of a catastrophic event.  We think it's a really complementary product to the complete Ensemble solution that we have with PV on the roof and beta in charge storage solutions with Enpower. So, I think it's a really complementary solution for about 1.7 kilowatt hours. And I think it plays really well with our set of products that we have. So, the opportunity I think is going to be very big here in the in the US to begin with.  We're also planning to, of course, do the India version of that product subsequent to the US version, and there we shared what our served available market is going to be and it's quite large.
Raghu Belur: Absolutely, yes. So, that's when we plan to introduce it, in the second half of this year, and it will play a big role in 2021.
Raghu Belur: Yeah. As Badri mentioned, it's a very key element of our overall strategy. This is the digital transformation piece. And the key here is to provide fantastic customer experience end-to-end, which means starting from that lead all the way through matching the installer with the homeowner, managing through the process, all the way through digital permitting. You're seeing some of the HAs [ph] moving to that environment as well. You see there's a general push towards moving everything into the digital world.  So, everything we want to provide as a seamless platform. And then, that platform then continues to extend beyond into the actual operation of the Ensemble technology, which is the energy management piece.  So, today, we think about it as disparate elements, meaning the frontend which is about sales and procurement and installation. And then, there is this Enlighten piece which is – or Ensemble energy management piece, which is a product related piece.  But imagine if that whole experience was completely seamless, of course, that means there's a lot to do and a lot of software to be developed. And so, we are going to be very thoughtful about what are the things that we can build in-house ourselves. Of course, the core Ensemble technology, there's a significant amount of IP there and we have built that in-house. But then there is the piece around the front end, which I think we'll build some and we'll look for some organic and inorganic M&A.  On the product side, of course, there is the micro part, the battery. We know what we are going to do. We know where all our IP lies. All our IP lies in the power management piece, the communications piece, the software piece. The two things that we are not in the business of is manufacturing of solar panels or manufacturing of cell packs. So, everything in between is significant IP to be developed, particularly around the software part, which is everything software defined power conversion, all the way through economic optimization, which is what we refer to as tertiary control. That's core IP for us. What I wanted to point out is that whole experience needs to be completely seamless. So, that is what we mean by complete digital transformation.
Jeffrey Campbell: Well, I'm saying, for example, would it make your sales ever more efficient? So, maybe you'll get more out of less headcount or would it somehow positively impact your inventory because it provides you maybe with another source of feedback that you're not getting now. Just wondering if there's any feedback loops there for you.
Jeffrey Campbell: Thanks for taking the question, guys. You have not been asked yet about manufacturing. You mentioned that there is no issues. Mexico has been under a lockdown, maybe a weak one, but a lockdown since the end of March. And I'm curious if there have been any disruptions in terms of labor availability or the social distancing requirements at the fab in Mexico. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Let me ask one more regulatory question. From the perspective of your customers that are postponing installations, and you referenced the New York area in particular, is that because of lockdowns and stay at home orders or is it more of a precautionary measure? Because my understanding is most states do not push it solar installation because it has been considered an essential business. 
