Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, well, I mean we are very happy that we reached our gross margin target two quarters earlier than scheduled and it was possible because of strong pricing management, great supply chain optimization and the new product transition. And you know, right now we are very comfortable with where we are. We are guiding to 30% to 33% in Q3 of 18 and you know about solar industry every day I see the news I see it better and we are working on all possible ways to mitigate the tariffs. The numbers are included, I mean I gave you includes the impact of the tariff. So we are very comfortable with the 30% to 33%. We are not guiding any numbers for the fourth quarter right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Okay, Brad with regarding the warranty basically let me start off by saying one thing, is any comparison of failure rates and between string inverters and microinverters need to be done really carefully because microinverters have a fundamental architectural advantage. It is well known that string inverters have a single point of failure and microinverters do not. Having said that our warranty liability is calculated using multiple inputs and the methodology is described in our audited financial statements. The inputs to our warranty calculation include units by product type and architecture sold in each period estimated failure rate, cost of the replacement units, estimated labor cost associated with replacing a unit and discount rates. The warranty expense recognized in a given period includes our estimated future warranty obligations of the units sold based upon the above inputs that I said, plus any accretion of interest expense on the liability that is recorded at fair value and any adjustments that result from prior failure rates. And we have been driving down warranty expenses due to the three main reasons. One, our products have significantly improved in failure rate from one generation to the next. For example, our current generation products have 10x improvement and reliability compared to our legacy first and second generation microinverter products. These improvements in reliability are enabled by every generation. We have a 6% to 10% component reduction as compared to the previous generation which is possible due to ASIC integration aided by Moore's law. For example, the 7 generation product IQ 7 it uses an ASIC with 3.8 million gates manufactured in 55 nanometer technology at TSMC. The semiconductor integration methodology has helped us in driving down failure rates of every generation because simply there are less number of components. In addition, the intrinsic fast and nanosecond response times of the ASIC have helped us in detecting abnormal grid conditions much more efficiently avoiding inverter damage, that is one. The second one is Enphase’s over the add firmware update technology allows microinverters to be continuously upgraded in the field to incorporate state-of-the-art best practices from the factory, and therefore being enabled to further improve the reliability of our inverters over time. The third is the cost of the replacement microinverters are also being continuously driven down because the replacement for even for the prior generation failures will come from the latest generation of products such as IQ, so that's the holistic answer to your warranty question Brad.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, right now we're not providing the data, but it is something that we can provide like a white paper that would be helpful for the future.
Badri Kothandaraman: Okay, I’ll talk about the IQ 8 milestone payment. So in short we are working with a partner to customize IQ 8 solutions for upgrade application. We earned about $2 million of revenue in Q2 2018 for the completion of project milestones. Our guidance for Q3 includes a $2 million of milestone payments that will be earned for the future milestones and we have a total of $6 million and we recognized already 2 in Q2. We expect to recognize the remaining 4 over the next two quarters. And with your question on are there more customers coming? The answer is right now is we’re not going to be discussing any specific customers, but yes there is a lot of interest from many customers including very key customers in North America on how to customize Ensemble for their needs. That will be a major topic for us to discuss on the Analyst Day.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, component shortages is a very long story. We have been experiencing component shortages for the last year, while in the last year the focus, I mean the component shortages were on high voltage transistors and memories and right now the component shortages we are facing are on the same high voltage transistors in addition capacitors have been added to the mix, resistors have been added to the mix. So it’s a world-wide component shortage and it is wide spread in the industry. So what are we doing about it? One is, in the short term we have no choice but to expedite material. So what does that mean? It is, we basically expedite raw material to the factory, plus we also expedite finished goods which is microinverters instead of being shipped on the boat, we spend a lot of money at shipping the microinverters to the U.S. and that we told you is an impact of 1% to 2% gross margin. So we continue, I mean we expect the same impact in Q3. If you ask me what is my long-term thinking there, I mean in the medium term, my - what we can do is to change our design to be a little bit more flexible, but we can’t really do that for capacitors or resistors, for there our best bet is to quality a lot of suppliers which is what we are doing right now. While long term what we are trying to do is, since we’re in a much healthier position right now, we are establishing long-term supply contracts with a lot of our key suppliers, we have already signed one for the transistor suppliers which will kick in from 2019 and I’m hoping that this problem will go away from the middle of 2019.
Badri Kothandaraman: The Service-on-the-Go is being rolled to all regions and we want everybody to be using self-service. I mean what we found in the last four quarters is people call us for a lot of reasons like for example they want to return a microinverter, they basically call us and they spent valuable time, their time which is valuable on the phone talking to us. Now with a few clicks on your phone you can make that entire process seamless and we want to provide customers that option. So basically, we expect virtually 100% of our returns to be processed through that half pretty soon. It's not yesterday, like what I said 65% of the returns are being processed by that app, but very soon we expect a big improvement there. Our goal is to basically make sure everything is self-service, so that there is no need to basically call us, okay.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes to answer the first part of your question, yes we are seeing a lot of our other partners wanting to also do AC modules of their own, so we’re working really close with the other partners as well. For example Panasonic is one such partner where we expect to have - Panasonic expects to have an AC module by either late Q4 2018 or early Q1 of 2019. With regarding your second question on SunPower, yes I told you we expect to close towards the end of the third quarter but and things are going pretty well there, so there is a possibility that we may close earlier, but I’m not committing to it right now. The acquisition of that business like what I said we're excited yes because it's going to add us, add about $60 million to $70 million of annualized revenue in the second half of 2019 and non-GAAP gross margin of 33 to 35. With regarding your specific question on do you expect shipments in Q4? Yes, we do expect shipments in Q4 of 2018 and we do expect shipments to start at that point. Q1 of 2019 will be a nice ramp and the business should be fully ramped by the end of Q2 2019 as consistent with what I said before.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right, we are definitely seeing an uptick in ACB sales in 2018 compared to 2017. We are definitely seeing that and just to remind everybody, we sell a 1.2 kilowatt hour system and right now the sales are coming from Europe and Australia. And basically our value proposition is the modularity of the system. It is very easy to start small and add on to it and that is the biggest value proposition that other some of our competitors don’t have. Having said that, in a solar plus storage is central to our strategy as we develop IQ 8 or Ensemble. When I talk about Ensemble, I will always talk about four components of Ensemble. The four components are energy generation which is IQ 8 microinverter, energy storage, we will talk about the AC battery that we are planning to introduce in Ensemble. The third is what is called as energy hub for communication and control, and the fourth is the cloud piece which is Enlighten software. So Ensemble yes it’s going to have both solar plus storage and yes it is going to be very different from the storage solution which we have today and we will talk a lot more about it during the Analyst Day on August 16.
Badri Kothandaraman: See I always tell you that we model a price reduction of 2% every quarter, but what does that mean? When I say I model a price reduction of 2% that means on an average at every customer I expected 2% price reduction. That's what I mean by saying that I model a customer price reduction of 2% but when you see, like, yes like for example if I walk away from empty calories revenue which is basically walk away from low gross margin customers. My microinverter pricing automatically goes up. The average pricing automatically goes up although I don't specifically increase pricing at any long tail customer. So that's what has happened to us. Basically in the last four to five quarters what has happened is, because of our excellent pricing management we have gradually have transitioned from to few big accounts and more of a long tail accounts. Because of that our average price per microinverter has gone up nearly by 10% to 15%, so that's why we are seeing a lot of jump in the gross margins at Enphase. But if you ask me in terms of modeling going forward I will always say the same thing 2% quarter-on-quarter is what I see.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, update on getting the section 201 extension. We have already filed the case, I mean filed for exclusion with the USDR, we're waiting to hear from them.
Badri Kothandaraman: Got it. That's a good question Phil. So here I'm going to walk you guys patiently through all of the portions of the tariff because there have been a lot of tariffs lately, so the $50 million 301 tariffs which were originally announced that affected batteries first microinverters and the tariff on the batteries was 25% but fortunately we were not affected by that because 95% of our shipments of AC batteries are to basically APAC and Europe, so that doesn't affect us to a first order. Then we saw that there was a $200 billion tariff which is called, which I call as 301B which added microinverters to the lift at 10% tariff and yes that will affect us. The good thing is our international mix is getting better for example in Q2 of ’18 62% of our microinverter shipments where in North America 38% were rest of the world, but it is still an issue for us. And while we are doing tactical things like submitting appeals to the U.S. TR officials. We are actually in very active discussions with a bunch of contract manufacturers. And while we are not going to specifically did the negotiations with any of our suppliers we are converging on three possible options, one Mexico, two Taiwan, three Malaysia and we expect to ramp production outside China in six to nine months. And this multi-sourcing strategy not only helps us for tariffs but it also helps us on costs, so it's going to be a win-win for us in the long term.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, the good thing is basically these are semi auto lines and worst case I would say. Something like a $1 million you have CapEx.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, it’s a modest CapEx that our cash is very healthy right now. Yes, we have no problems in doing that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. Yes, this - well we can’t say too many things about the specific partner. The general story is this, they basically came to us to customize Ensemble for their upgrade applications and basically, I mean those upgrade applications are outside the United States and therefore we are working on both slight modifications to our hardware as well as firmware in order to give them what they want. That’s to the extent of what I can talk about them, but yes of course they're not going to be doing this until that there is light at the end of the tunnel which is basically they are going to buy microinverters from us very soon, so and that is going to be IQ 8.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean it could be really meaningful and basically like when you are going to, go to these countries outside the U.S. where the grid is weak or where there is no grid, I mean things will take time and these guys are a very strong go-to-market partner and therefore we expect this to be really meaningful for us. I am unable to put any numbers at this point in time, but I'm sure that yes, over the next few months as we roll out Ensemble we'll be able to give you a lot more color on it.
Badri Kothandaraman: We're not prepared to talk about the arrangement with our suppliers, I mean with our consumers right now.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, yes and no is what I'll say. No because our biggest partner SunPower, they basically assemble these AC modules and they do that the outside China. So that's one, but for customers like Jinco as well as LG, they basically need a strategy on how they are going to handle the tariffs. And of course the best case would be if our exclusions, the exclusion that we have filed for if that materializes, that would be the best case and that would help a lot. And for partners like Panasonic for example, the AC modules are going to be done in North America for partners like Solaria it is partially done here as well as in Korea, so we think it's going to be okay.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, the level of engagement is actually very good with SunPower. We have multiple meetings on a weekly basis. Like what I said, I would be surprised. Right now we are committing to close by the end of this quarter, but I would be surprised if it didn't happen before. However you asked us on what do we think about this long-term. So long-term we're excited about the growth prospects of this business. So let me talk about growth, one is the international expansion in the residential markets across Europe, Australia and Japan. So there we would be working closely with the SunPower team on seeing how to adapt the Enphase AC modules there. Then the second factor is of course we discussed an attachment rate of 85% of AC modules in the U.S. and we expect that attachment rate to continuously keep going up simply because AC modules add more value. The third one is we are proud to develop microinverters for SunPower NGT or the next generation technology. So as that starts to become a lot more prominent in higher and higher wattage modules will be there and we are the technical partner to SunPower. The fourth one is the access to the SolarWorld business that SunPower has acquired, but now we will, we're happy to provide SunPower with options there as well. The fifth one which could be quite significant, but it needs to, I mean really to make progress is the great potential of Ensemble on micro grids, so that's an opportunity as well. And the last one is, this is more of in a long term as we introduce our new storage in Ensemble, so opportunities for working together in storage especially considering their attachment rate is 35% as announced in the call yesterday and future C&I expansion, when we’re ready to serve the market. So I gave you a list of six things and we're excited about all of them in terms of near term, medium term and long term opportunities.
Badri Kothandaraman: I think the answer is B, what we realized is that it is always a good business practice for us to have two or three contract manufacturers, always a good business practice to spread the risk around multiple locations. So therefore we decided it has to be outside China regardless.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, just a quick thing on cash, the way we manage cash, cash is turning in the right direction because we are very disciplined in running the company, we have an elaborate cash management business process to manage AR, AP and inventory. Just to give you numbers our Q1 2017 that is almost six quarters ago, our ending cash was $30 million and the free cash flow was negative $28 million. Q2 2018 the quarter that we are reporting was positive free cash flow of plus $3.6 million with ending cash balance of $58.5 million and some of these will not be possible without real massive operational changes, for example we have reduced our inventory from $33.8 million in Q1 2017 to $17.5 million in Q2 2018, so it’s a different company and we have made massive operational progress in running it and we are doing all possible to stay at our target inventory model of 30 days. Now coming to the SunPower transaction, because of the rapid progress we're making in generating cash from operations in Q3 and Q4, we think we are, I mean we are very comfortable in the $25 million for SunPower to be paid from the balance sheet, that's no problem. But as the opportunity arises, I think we need to be looking at the loan that we have and that loan, we are paying significant interest today, and we are paying LIBOR plus almost 9.25%. So and there is a clear opportunity considering how healthier we have become to restructure that debt and I think it would be in our best interest and in our shareholders best interest that we restructure that debt as quickly as possible likely end of 2018 we should be able to restructure that debt and I think we will be doing that.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's tough for me to give you a number, but the color that I can provide is this right as we walked away from these empty calorie business we intensified our efforts on the long tail, so basically we might have lost $10 million to $15 million of revenue but we gained it back. We gained a lot of that back not fully in the long tail, which is why you're seeing probably a depressed guidance from us for Q3 of ’18. But the real answer is this, we have spent the majority of 2017 fixing the company which is basically walking away from such low margin businesses focusing on operational excellence, improving the gross margin. The company is in a different place right now and we have started working on a lot of top line initiatives. I've started to balance my time on top line personally which is why of all the four vectors I told you, Ensemble with it’s off grid microinverters plus with the new storage system is going to be terribly exciting for us in terms of the top line. But let me tell you once again our strategy is really simple, we do not want to go after empty calorie businesses. We want to make sure our products add value and that is possible only with innovation which we are focused on. So that’s our strategy.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, we have not seen any major changes to market pricing, pricing the main stable. As I told you guys before I always model a 2% price reduction quarter-on-quarter.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes and especially with AC modules and IQ 7 you're going to be saving approximately 20% to 44% in installation time and roughly 10% to 15% in logistics, so there are huge savings for the installer. And with the microinverter being embedded in the back of the module the only variable now is AC cable and in the AC cable what we have done going from the fifth generation product to the seventh generation product is the AC cable has reduced by 50% in weight. You know, 50% in weight means going from a four wire cable to a two wire cable. Why is that important because when installer carries that cable up on the roof now it is 50% lighter. So whatever we do we think about the user experience of the installers and that basically differentiates our product from the rest of the people. And that's what I meant by saying that we focus on innovation and yes, that creates a differentiation.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are actually from, again like I said, it's not been on pricing. Pricing has been pretty stable. We are expecting a new big player expecting them to be entering the market in this quarter and the next. And well, we haven't seen any of their products as yet. It remains to be seen what the, it remains to be seen how they will be accepted in the marketplace. Having said that I want to be very careful is that we take all our competitors extremely seriously. So, we have to continue down our path of innovation and I think what I'm trying to get actors yes the competition's going to do what they were they're going to do but we have a very clear plan on how we're going to continue adding value to our products to help our customers, especially as you think about the whole Ensemble solution that's coming out by the end of this - starting with the end of this year and heading into 2019, so our focus is our value add to our customers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean as we get healthier and healthier you heard me talking about this all the component reductions, I'm signing long term agreements with some customers and that was not possible when our financial situation was not healthy. Again, and us qualifying multiple contract manufacturers and us spending the capital, that was not possible when the financial situation was healthy. So when our balance sheet is healthy, we can do a lot of things and our top line and both our cost as well as the top line are I would say enhanced in a virtuous cycle. And having said that, so if you ask me what is the – what are the other things we're doing in the supply chain? One is we always talked about microinverter costs, but as a team we are laser-focused on our accessories cost, every day I come in we think about the combiner box, the Envoy, the cables, how we can architecturally go to a superior cost structure that’s one. Then the last one is actually overhead. Companies rarely think about overhead. They spend probably maybe 10% of their revenues in overhead, but they don't think about overhead much and that when I mean overhead, I mean what I mean is inventory variance, the money that we spend in expedites, stuff that we spend in warranty, all of those are things where we can optimize and sub-optimize things. So we are again laser-focused like what I told you on reducing overhead costs, on reducing accessory cost and of course focusing on the microinverter.
Badri Kothandaraman: All right, so thanks for joining us today and your continued support of Enphase. We feel very good about the second quarter in terms of cash and our 30-20-10 operating models progress, but we do recognize that we are just getting started on profitable top line growth. We look forward to our Analyst Day on August 16 and to speaking with you again on our call next quarter.
Philip Shen: Great and budget a real or quick follw-up there six to nine months. I know most of the CapEx is typically shouldered by your contract manufacturers. Do you anticipate any CapEx if any level at all as a result of this additional ramp up.
Philip Shen: Great, shifting gears back to the milestone payments, I know it's a 100% margin now $2 million in the guide for Q3, suggesting $2 million for Q4 as well. But can you give us a little more color on the business arrangement there? It sounds like it's Ensemble days, but what is the output that they get? Why are they willing to pay $6 million over three quarters for - and what are you actually providing them is it initial access to certain ensemble features or as you mentioned I think just deeper customization for their business, so are these - TPOs for example like one of the major TPOs where adapting their service model, so that they can embrace the feature set that you bring to the table with IQ 8, so giving us some more business color there would be very helpful as well as what they're getting overall? Thanks.
Philip Shen: And so that's really interesting in the sense that they are willing to spend $6 million to buy more product, so what kind of revenue opportunity could this customer actually represent? It sounds like it could be meaningful but if there's a way to quantify in some kind of fashion that would be fantastic.
Raghu Belur: Let me, yes let me tell you this. It is a place where grid is weak or grid is non-existent and the opportunity is huge.
Raghu Belur: No, not really. I think the opportunity in India is really very broad and so we are not looking at anything significantly impacting our opportunity. One thing that happens is that there is some level of integration of a product that happened in India, so and with some of our partners who are doing ACM as an example, we actually ship inverters into the country into India and they have what I call special economic zones is where they actually assemble the systems, put it together before they ship it out into the site and all of those things are looked at very positively from a tariff point of view and so the impact tends to be minimal.
Raghu Belur: One thing, actually one point I would like to add and this is something that’s very early on during the product development phase we made a very conscious choice of, is the attachment mechanism that the device is removable, so it gives us more flexibility in where the actual AC module physically gets installed whether it’s in which geography is it installed in installation process is extremely simple. So those things help us a lot what we are finding out from a tariff point of view.
Raghu Belur: Not from a pricing, I mean pricing point of view like Badri mention things have been things are stable and for us from an we'll when we think about our IQ. I think the IQ 7 with it being further what I call, what we call a software defined a single worldwide skew making it much simpler for our partners, for our installation partners to install the system. I think that is our core focus. Bear in mind that in the U.S. the customers are transitioning from IQ. to IQ 6 to 6 to 7. However in the rest of the world they're transitioning from a older generation of product Gen5 to Gen7 so they are effectively skipping a generation. So what they should see is a significant improvement in significantly better products than even the Gen5 with all the improvements that we have made, so.
