Badri Kothandaraman: Right. We talked about it earlier in the prepared remarks, so we are opening a line in Flextronics in Romania, and that will start production in Q1 of 2023. That’s got a fully automated line. The capacity is around 750,000 units. We’ll review that and see if we need to add one more line immediately. Now coming to the U.S., we explain the following, because of the production based tax credit of $0.11 a watt on microinverters manufactured in the U.S. We are planning for domestic manufacturing here. We are working with three contract manufacturing partners, two of which are existing and one of which is new. We are planning to add a total of four to six lines in the U.S. At this time, we are planning that by the end of Q4 2023, so four lines, per line would be 750,000 units a quarter. Four lines would be 3 million units a quarter in the U.S., six lines would be 4.5 million units a quarter in the U.S. We are going ahead with those plans because for us, any way we need the auto lines regardless of where they are, so we are already going ahead with the capital because we need those lines no matter what. But then we are looking at the finer details of the IRA implementation plan, we are working with the Department of Treasury as well as all the stakeholders there. And basically, there are some key details and clarifications that need to be finalized, regarding domestic content, et cetera. Once all of those are clear to us, then we can tell you more precisely the financial impact of our actions.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean it’s a complex system and it’s got it’s a mixture of both hardware and software and basically – yes, first of all, to give you a big picture there, we introduced our batteries in the third quarter of 2020. We introduced batteries at that time. Our premise was it’s an AC coupled battery. It’s an air cooled battery. There is no liquid cooling. It’s modular 3.3 kilowatt hours added at a time. It is easy to use and we plan to provide 24/7 support, all in one system with solar plus storage. Where I think we needed to do better was in installation experience of installers, the commissioning time. We – it’s no secret. We have highlighted that in almost every call. The commissioning time was multiple hours before that. Now, it’s a lot better. It’s a lot more stable. We have learnt a lot. It’s incredible. The amount of learning that, that we got in the company. In addition to commissioning times, are there issues? Your question, the – making the battery perform flawlessly through all types of grid transitions is by no means easy. We have learned that in places like Puerto Rico where the grid basically can have a very, very deep slope, which is very high slope, things can change drastically. The voltage and frequency can change. Yet, we need to make sure customer experiences is right. And we have learnt a lot. We made mistakes. We’ve learned from it from both our installer round tables as well as customer calls. We have gotten better and better and better with every quarter. I think now we are in a great shape is what I would say. We just released software that’ll help in commissioning and a better experience on great transition like what I said. We are incredibly optimistic on storage. Our installers, when we meet with them on a weekly basis, they want to install more of Enphase batteries and we need to help improve their profitability. So I think that the improvements that we made will help a lot. In addition, we learn from one generation to an to another generation like how we have eight, we are in our eighth generation of microinverters. We are going to be in a third generation of batteries pretty soon. There we are going to go to a wired architecture. Today, our battery is based on a ZigBee wireless architecture. We’re going to go to a wired architecture. It’s very similar to the automotive standard, which is the CAN bus that’ll make communications quite robust. In addition, we are going to double the continuous and peak power, which means that it becomes – they don’t need to buy more kilowatt hours for their air conditioner, for ex – yes, for example. So we’ll be able to provide a lot more juice for the same kilowatt hours in terms of discharge power. So the combinations of all the things I said, I think we are in a fantastic shape. Our installers want to use us and we are going to make steady progress throughout 2023.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, they are coming both, some were already planned and some are coming from the field. This is why we meet with our installers and their requirements. They have a long list of requirements, which we carefully review and we put into the features. We are already planning, I said about the third generation that will come in the first half of 2023. We are already working on the fourth generation. Our technology team, the CTO team is already working on the fourth generation that’s got more feedback from the installers. Our product development cycle times are a little bit long, which is what I’m [indiscernible] working on. And so to answer your question, I mean, we are learning all the time from the field. Some things are just good to do that we have already planned prior, but a lot of things we learn from our installers.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean our thought process when we talked about IQ8D before was, okay, we can generate, we can get a 640 watt microinverter that addresses two panels. That means per panel the microinverter will produce 320 watt AC. And yes, we have been a little bit delayed on that product. And what – when we did pilot testing a few months ago, our installers basically once again gave us feedback that the module roadmap for small commercial is well beyond 500 watts right now. And if it is 500, you take 500 divided by 320. That’s the DC, AC ratio of 1.5. 1.5 is not ideal. We want to stay under 1.3. So for us, we thought about it hard. We said in our installer feedback is critical. We need to change. We need to get a product with much higher AC power. Earlier, we were not that much advanced on GaN. Now, what we can do is to pack that 480 watt AC power into the same footprint for IQ9. So in IQ9, we plan to have that 480 watt of AC in the same footprint as IQ8D. And how is that possible? It is possible because of innovative technology like GaN. So GaN stands for gallium nitride, gallium nitride output transistors right now we use silicon transistors 600 volts silicon transistors. These GaN transistors can basically, they have the thermal characteristics can withstand high power. And so those will enable us to keep the footprint quite competitive in state-of-the-art. And then the additional benefits are the GaN allows us to operate the feds at a higher frequency. Today, we operate at a 100 kilohertz. GaN allows it to operate a lot more up to 1 megahertz. We are planning to utilize 1 megahertz for IQ 10, but on IQ9, we will probably be around 200 to 300 kilohertz. And then what happens is the transformer scales basically to these – to one over the square root of the increase. So that means that the transformer can come down, the size of the transformer can come down. The transformer is big, you’ve seen the round thing there in the top left of the microinverter, that’s the transformer. So that footprint can come down, the volume can come down, the FX can still be the same. And soon there will be an opportunity, although we are not planning to do in the DC stage yet, implement again in the DC stage, there is opportunity for us to implement again in the DC stage as well. So lots of optimization possible. Name of the game is to keep the footprint the same, not bloated. Size is important for us and I think we can get the cost structure as well under control. And if we are able to pack in 480 watts AC punch into similar number of components, similar cost structure, then we directly get the cost benefit there in terms of cost per watt.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. If you see, you got to look at it a little bit carefully. It’s 37% of 3.3 million microinverters that we shipped in Q2, that’s approximately one point something in Q2, while now it is 47% of 4.3 million microinverters. So therefore, I would say, the IQ8 microinverter volume is doubled from Q2 to Q3. What we have seen historically is the transition, is complex. It can take over four to six quarters. That’s what – I mean, around four to six quarters. This is what we told you before. We started Q1 was at 20% I think or 19%, Q2 37%, Q3 47%. We expected to further climb in Q4. Our target is to get to 90% conversion in Q2. That’s what our target is. You asked a question on gross margin. On gross margin, our product mix of IQ8 was higher, like what I told you, 47%. In addition, we do several initiatives on world class cost. It’s not that we are here only working on IQ7 to IQ8 conversion. We are constantly looking at what are the opportunities for us to save money. It could be in parting price negotiation. It could be converting our bulkhead from a custom bulkhead to a standard bulkhead. So we can eliminate cabling. It could be working on a cost of a heat spreader. It could be working on elimination of an IC – a small IC by integrating it into the ASIC. So we have a lot of cost reduction programs that are ongoing at any point in time and we are seeing some other benefits of that coupled with IQ8.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean the answer to your first question is quite simple. We believe the U.S. residential market as well as the Europe residential market will keep – module requirements will keep going up and we have the right products in the IQ8 family to take care of it. We have a product. The highest power family in the IQ8 family is IQ8H and that is 384 watts AC. So we expect slowly our mix to move from IQ8+ to IQ8H over the years. However, the emerging market, if you see India, if you see Australia, if you see Brazil, even pockets in France, et cetera is there the module power is increasing disproportionally and 550 watt panels sometimes are common there. So the 480 watt AC micro will be able to address residential emerging markets for solar. Then I talked about small commercial. The same 480 watt micro with minor changes for three phase cabling, we’ll be able to address the small commercial market for quite some time. Because there again the panel power is climbing about 500. Even if it goes to 600, this product will still have an outstanding DC/AC ratio. So to answer your question, most of the volume will be closer to the 384 watts over time. There’ll be – portion of it will be at 480. And this line – these lines I’m planning and it’s still early days, these lines I’m planning can produce product for everybody, not just the U.S. could also produce product for other markets. Second question you asked, how are the financial discussions with the contract manufacturers? We are still in the early stage. We have signed a letter of intent with those. However, I think we still need a lot more clarifications from the U.S. government on what kind of domestic content they need and other rules, whether it’s a direct pay or whether it’s a tax credit there are still many fine details that need to be ironed up. However, for us, the logic is we are anyway growing fast as a company we have to build extra lines somewhere. And therefore, these lines that I invest in they’re not going to be wasted. They’re not going to be extra. They will probably be required. You can think about it as I’m accelerating them by a few months. So stay tuned. We will – as we know more, we will share a lot more details with you on the financial benefit.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean with regarding pricing, the pricing remains stable, so it must be mix related. And I will have our team follow up with you after.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, the third-generation battery is going to be released in the first half of 2023. And for that battery we are going to add an extra cell pack supplier from China. And in general, you should think about our battery capacity is going to be well north of 250 megawatt hours a quarter. That’s what we are going to get to. With regarding U.S. manufacturing of batteries, we don’t have any concrete plans at this point in time. We are looking at it, but we will share something when we are ready.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. So in Europe we are very strong in Netherlands, we are continuing to win customers there. We are strong in France as well. We are starting to grow a lot significantly in Germany. We are – we have had a healthy business in Belgium. Spain is also ramping for us, Spain and Portugal are ramping for us. We are starting to look at Poland, Austria there will be starting to ramp a lot of our efforts there as well as Italy. That’s the high level view. We have – what we realized from Germany is that sector coupling is very popular. So what does that mean and why is it important? The natural gas crisis in Europe is causing people to consider full home electrification. When you want to electrify your home, you need everything to be connected. You need your mobility needs to be connected to your energy system. Your heating equipment need to be connected. So a sector coupling is basically the intersection of the renewable energy sector with the mobility sector and the heating sector. Therefore, any energy management solution that we provide needs to talk to these seamlessly. This is why we bought a home energy management software company called GreenCom Networks. All they do is to efficiently network third-party EB chargers and heat pumps to our solar, meaning end phase solar and storage. So that we can address, we can help in the full home electrification trend that is happening in Germany. So that’s a big deal. It’s a big deal and it is accelerated due to the energy crisis that slowly spreading to the other regions as well. And I think eventually, although Europe is ahead, eventually it’ll come down, it’ll come to the U.S. and other reasons too. So that’s big for us and we are excited to have an engineering center in Germany now to cater to customers. We are also introducing, as far as IQ8’s are concerned, we are introducing IQ8’s to all countries in Europe as well as Australia. We are introducing to Netherlands and France in Q4 and we will introduce to more countries in Europe by the first half of 2023. As far as batteries are concerned, today Germany and Belgium are where we sell our batteries to. We are going to add Austria pretty soon, Austria by the way, very interesting market. I think it is 800 megawatts of solar and with a very healthy attach rate, almost greater than 80%, so very interesting market, will be playing there pretty soon. I talked about Poland already. We are making plans, so lots of things happening there. And because we started off from a small revenue base in Europe, we’ve been growing quite nicely. We doubled Europe revenue from 2020 to 2021. We are going to once again double the revenue from 2021 to 2022 and we expect very healthy high double digit growth from 2022 to 2023.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We usually do not guide for more than one quarter. We already told you the number for Q4 $120 million to $135 million. We are doing the right things for the business. We – based on our conversation with the installers, they love using the product. We need to fix a few things like what we talked about. We are going to be introducing our third-generation battery pretty shortly. So we are incredibly optimistic on our storage volumes. We expect storage volumes to continuously improve through 2023. Europe is another good story as well on storage. The volumes are low right now, but they’re starting to ramp up and be meaningful. So between the fixes that we did, the third-generation coming out, Europe’s starting to ramp up heavily on batteries, I’m very, very optimistic on 2023.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean the, you asked us, do we see any slowdown? We don’t. Our demand is very strong as we see it. It’s of course too early to talk about Q1, but even Q1 bookings are right now quite healthy. So that’s what we see today. The – there are a few factors that are in favor for us. The utility rates are continuing to climb, so that accelerates our business. The IRA, Inflation Reduction Act and the ITC extensions for both for ITC 30% ITC for solar and storage are fantastic. So those also provide a nice launch. And then for us this is not true in the U.S. but Europe, the energy crisis in Europe is accelerating renewables big time. So these are the three things where we are seeing a lot of tailwinds from these three things and our demand is strong.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I mean it’s too early to talk about it, Steve. But again the $0.11 per watt is the big number, if you do the economics, you see, let’s say I ship a inverter with 384 watts of AC, $0.11 a watt $43, right? And the manufacturing cost that, of course, we have the total manufacturing cost, which is bill of materials plus value added manufacturing. The bill of materials will roughly stay the same regardless of the, there may be some small changes, but if domestic content is not required, the bill of materials will likely stay the same. So therefore the variable here is value added manufacturing and how efficient the contract manufacturers can set up the factories? What level of automation they can have? How can we help in them achieving great levels of automation. That’s the question. Those are the discussions we are having right now. But we see a very clear benefit at the end of the day, which is very meaningful. That’s why we are going to go ahead and plan for this. But having said that, we do need clarification on a few points that I already said. The domestic content, the forms of credit, the way it’ll be given, et cetera. So, we are going to iron out those details hopefully in the next three months and things will be a lot clearer. But for now we are investing in it, like what I said many times already, the – we are already our growth, we are growing sequentially quarter-on-quarter. So therefore we need the additional capacity anyway regardless of the location. So, our investment will not be redundant or will not go waste.
Badri Kothandaraman: Like what I said, I mean, we haven’t seen any slowdown in demand. Our backlog remains strong. Our Q1 bookings remain healthy. So yes, I can only react to the data points, I see.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. So like what I said, maybe you did not hear what I said. Is the production based tax credit is $0.11 per AC watt. If we take a 384 watt micro inverter, that is $43 of credit. Now when we look at our microinverter, you have bill of materials and then you have value-added manufacturing cost, and then you have overhead, which is warranty expenses and all of those. So if you see all of those constitute the cost of the product. Now the bill of materials, assuming there are no restrictions on domestic content, expect the bill of materials to be roughly staying the same. The value-added manufacturing cost is the one that’s the variable cost depending on the country. And then the warranty expands in logistics, freight, et cetera, largely the same because now it is local and while the cost to ship raw materials to the U.S. may increase, but the cost to ship to customers will decrease. So that is a wash. So really if you consider those three components, we need to look at one portion of that, which is value-added manufacturing. Now our contract, it needs to be economical for our contract manufacturers as well. They also need to make, they need – they also need to be profitable. It’s not going to happen if they do not make any money. So therefore, we are working on finalizing the agreements we do have letters of intent, which we think are reasonable constructs and bottom line is with the constructs we have in mind, provided this AR [ph] implementation is approved. I think, the money to be made or the credit that we can get would be significant and it’ll create a lot of jobs, which is really what we want.
Badri Kothandaraman: OpEx, we are growing so fast that it is impossible for OpEx. It’s impossible for us to spend money, yes, spend a lot of money. But that doesn’t mean we are changing the model. Our model is 15% of sales. Sooner or later, it’ll settle down to that number. We will not compromise on any investment on microinverters, batteries, EV chargers, home energy management system, installer platform, all of them are very important for us. We will not compromise one bit on that.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. When you start from a small base, of course the growth is going to be high. And then when you build it to some respectable numbers after that, the question is are we going to be able to sustain the growth? We think there are great drivers for sustaining the growth, which is the utility rates even in Europe, for example, in Germany are quite high. The energy crisis is accelerating in our renewables in Europe. So all of those are external drivers. They’re tailwinds that are in our favor. So we think we can sustain good double-digit growth percentages in general. But we do need to maintain a focus on quality and customer experience. And many of the installers love the quality on microinverters. And our market share gain that we have is based upon our quality plus the customer service that we provide them on microinverters. I talked about the – some stumbling blocks on storage and we are working on them and we expect storage will be also providing a similar customer experience enabling us to unleash that opportunity as well in Europe. So we are incredibly optimistic like what I said, we doubled from 2020 to 2021. We doubled a gain from 2021 or we will double the gain from 2021 to 2022. And 2022 to 2023 it may not be possible for us to double, but we will have very healthy double digit, high double digit growth percentage.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, we said in the prepared remarks, 71% of our sales came from North America, 29% came from rest of the world. And…
Badri Kothandaraman: I think most of, yes, most of it is in Europe. If you ask, which are the regions that are strong in Europe, they are Netherlands, France, Germany, and followed by Spain, Belgium, Portugal.
Badri Kothandaraman: The same thing, the DC stages for GaN will also make the form factor very efficient and the thermals pretty efficient. So, sometimes you can – today, we have four facts on the AC site with GaN, you can do interesting things like make those four facts – two facts because we can combine two of them. So GaN helps us to do a lot more things that in the same footprint as we have today.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, if you struggle – if you look at the way the module power is increasing one way is that’s happening is you’re seeing the format of the cells increase from 156 millimeters to 180 to 210, and then they’re moving to half cut cells and sub-strings within the cell. So what that’s driving is that the current part of the module is also going up, which means that we need to handle higher current on the input stage of our microinverters. So you want to make that stage as efficient as possible as well, because you don’t want to compromise the efficiency of the input stage. You’re already doing a good – we are going to move to gain feds on the AC side, improve the efficiency on that side but you’re at the same time we’re going to make sure that we also improve the efficiency on the DC side as the module trend changes towards higher current. That’s the other driver for driving towards using GaN on the DC side as well. So what that means overall is drive higher efficiency, drive higher efficiency has the benefits of obviously better yield, but more importantly, better reliability, better thermals. Better thermals means you can reduce the size of the part GaN also obviously allows you to drive to higher frequency, which also shrinks all of the – all of the components such as transformers, common mode chokes, inductors, et cetera. So all in all, it’s a very positive trend when you move GaN both on the DC side as well as the AC side.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. We are going to start producing in Romania from Q1 2023. Historically, it has taken us very short time, one to two quarters to ramp to full capacity. We’ll be able to do 750,000 micro inverters a quarter. So by the first half we should be by and large ramped up. And Mandy Yang of the question.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, the small commercial product will start with what is called as an IQ8P. This IQ8P product is IQ8 high power. That will be 480 watts AC single panel, single micro and we are utilizing all the work we did for the IQ8D basically a larger form factor with silicon junction fits. And then what we will do with IQ9 is to shrink that form factor to be identical to what we have today, yet achieve 480 watts of AC, and that’s the power of GaN.
Badri Kothandaraman: It’s a hard to answer, but I’ll give you some color. We started working on the installer digital platform. Our first acquisition was Solargraf. We did that in Q1, January 26th of 2021. We did that. We then followed it actually let me – let me back up Solargraf basically provides software to installers to provide a proposal to the homeowners. It also has got connectivity to various financial partners – FinTech partners. So that’s the first acquisition we did. The second acquisition we did was we bought a company in India called it – it’s a company called DIN and we bought a portion of that company, which made or which created permit plan sets for installers in the U.S. and turned them around in QuickTime. So that’s two. And then the third one is basically 365 Pronto. 365 Pronto is a two sided marketplace that brings service providers with customers and the customer may be an installer wanting to do something like replacing a cellular modem at a homeowner site. So he doesn’t have the labor. He contracts the labor from a labor marketplace. That’s 365 Pronto. The fourth one is ClipperCreek. That’s more straightforward. We have already broken it out, and that’s EV chargers. And why we bought EV chargers is because of why we made the GreenCom acquisition too. This is EVs are going to be ramping up. It takes a lot of power or energy to charge your electric vehicle and EV will accelerate solar and storage even more. And the homeowners really need to be able to manage the EV they want, I mean, the way they want to. They should be able to say, I want to charge the EV through solar. I want to charge the EV at this particular time. So it needs deep interaction with the solar plus storage system. That’s why we bought that company. The last one we bought was SolarLeadFactory, and that is a gain for providing installers leads. Can we provide installers, leads for an attractive price in the name of the game is leads are so high quality that the probability of them converting to a final installation is a lot higher than competition. So that was the fifth acquisition. And then, yes sorry, the sixth one is the one I did recently, which is GreenCom Networks in Europe where, once again same concept in order for full home electrification, renewable energy must be connected to mobility as well as heating. It’s called sector coupling. Home energy management software is critical. GreenCom provides that software, so that homeowners can add, can see what they want through one app, one mobile app not multiple, multiple sources. So all of these together, we expect for example GreenCom to that home energy management system to accelerate the sales of our solar plus storage systems starting in Germany because now the installer has got a credible story, he can go to the homeowner and say that look, I can connect solar, Enphase solar plus storage and I can connect it with your heat pumps. I can connect it with your EV chargers. I can help you manage it from one app. So he’s got a credible story. We expect that to drive demand. And so you can see even Solar Leads Factory where we help our installers with leads is tightly coupled to our business. Same thing on Solargraf that again is, we have a large installer base and they know that we do things with high quality. So they start using that as a service. That’s their premise. That’s why we bought it. And by offering installers a one-stop shop having all of these services, it just becomes easy for them to not even think, just buy from us. Of course, the flip side is we have to make them highest quality. It doesn’t come for free. We have to work on it. We have to make it the highest quality. But our strong belief, if we do this right, that organic meaning the core business, solar plus storage will ramp even more. So it’s hard for me to break things out and we cannot say this installer purchased extra inverters because of this particular software, hard to break out. But that’s the rational. Yes and you’re seeing, some of the benefits you will start seeing, especially the Europe ramp, you’ll start seeing some.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, I mean, we don’t plan to right now, but when things get meaningful and big, Mandy will take a look at it.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes, I don’t think it’s a pricing issue. The demand remains strong. We have a particular advantage is, we do work with several thousands of long tail installers, so we get direct feedback from them. They will, they have limited time on their hands. If they perceive storage as hard to do and not very profitable, they have to tilt their time towards solar where they know how to do it and they’re profitable. So it’s our job, the other companies do, but that’s where we need to improve. Enphase needs to improve. I’m not talking about others, Enphase needs to improve. We need to fix the installer experience. We need to make it easy to install. And we believe that pricing is not an issue. We think the storage ITC provides an enormous benefit. We also think that the power outages are becoming more common than, resilience is important for people. So demand is high, the labor is limited. We have to make, we have to do a good job. Enphase has to do a good job if, in order for us to improve the volume significantly.
Badri Kothandaraman: We don’t usually break it out. Once again we don’t do that, but Mandy will take an action item to see if, we will consider breaking out for the next year.
Badri Kothandaraman: All right. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye.
