Badri Kothandaraman: Actually, let me give you some color. The microinverter has got 300 components. A critical component is what is called as an AC FET driver. This is made by a few semiconductor suppliers. And in the first quarter of this year, we had two such suppliers qualified. The market on the semiconductor supply chain today is a mess. And so, we worked hard, we qualified a third supplier in the second quarter. We were living hand to mouth in the second quarter, and you saw the results. The situation is getting better day by day. So, in the third quarter, I expect to do more number of microinverters. I expect to qualify one more supplier. Still, the semiconductor supply chain is stretched, though, which is why I cannot meet all my demand.  In the fourth quarter, I see better visibility right now. But, look, I predicted that in the first quarter we are going to be out of the woods soon, that was not the case. So, I remain cautiously optimistic that the situation is going to get better. And we can meet most of our demand.  Maybe difficult to meet all of our demand right now because with IQ8 ramp, I can never say what's going to happen. We are rapidly getting ready. It's too early for me to talk about the fourth quarter, but I am getting ready in terms of manufacturing capacity. I want to exit the fourth quarter at at least 5 million units of manufacturing capacity, not demand. And we'll continue to work on the suppliers on qualifying additional – I may qualify one more supplier if I need to. But at this point, visibility is better than what I told you the last time. However, I still remain cautiously optimistic about Q4. 
Badri Kothandaraman: If I tell you a story there, we introduced our Enphase Storage systems in July of 2020. We had a very clear idea on our value proposition and that has largely not changed. It has only gotten better. Our value proposition is all-in-one solar plus storage solution. We do not deal with high voltages even for DC batteries. We only deal with low voltage DC. Our battery solution, 3.3 kilowatt hour, is a modular solution, creating a lot of flexibility for our installers. Our chemistry is a lithium iron phosphate chemistry that is excellent in fire safety.  In addition, we focused on power. When you start air conditioners, you don't need a soft starter. But with our feature called power start, we are able to provide extra power for that surge when the air conditioners turn on. Those value propositions have largely remained intact.  Then you asked about market feedback, our customers gave us a lot of feedback. Our initial commissioning times were not that good. The commissioning times were of the order of several hours. And customers did not like that. Installers did not like that. They gave us a lot of feedback. We took all of that feedback into perspective. And we improved our commissioning process a lot. We have learned a lot in the last year. Homeowners also gave us valuable feedback in terms of microgrid failures. Like, for example, how do we provide the right notification to the homeowner so that they know that, okay, now I am in off-grid mode, in an outage more and I need to take extra steps to conserve my battery life.  So, we learned a lot from homeowners. We updated our software multiple, multiple times during the last year. And you know, recently in May, we introduced load control. Load control was extremely important because, for the people who have, let's say, a lot of air conditioners, they don't want to screw around with doing a partial home backup. You can do a whole home backup and you can leave out the air conditioners by default, you can shed the loads automatically. So, we provide now – as of late May, we introduced full circuit load control. So, heavy loads can be automatically shed through a one-time app setting.  Now you've heard me talking about generator compatibility. Pretty soon, by the end of the end of the quarter, we will be introducing – again through software, our home energy management system will incorporate generators to plug into them, giving homeowners unprecedented visibility and control from one app. Additional things, we did. We introduced 24/7 customer support. We now have a field service team which will help the installers – which the installers find it invaluable. We have round tables, weekly round tables. I personally meet with 10 to 15 installers every week, get their feedback and make continuous corrections to the product.  Now, let's talk about pricing. The introduction in the last one year was by design. I wouldn't have changed much. We learned a lot. Our costs initially were high, as typical in a ramp. Our pricing was, therefore, a little bit high. And now, I have learned a lot from the field. We have improved the commissioning process and we introduced load control. So, we felt it was the time to make the right pricing adjustment while being very disciplined and doing value-based pricing. So, we did exactly that in late May, along with load control, along with the latest commissioning improvements. We even introduced 15-year warranty plan. We felt it at the right time to make a pricing adjustment, which we did. And we have seen, since June, enormous acceleration in storage demand, which is why we are guiding 50% from Q2 shipments. Q3 guidance, midpoint of guidance will be up 50% from Q2 shipments. Now, we've got to do one thing. We need to improve our lead times on batteries. When I mean 12 to 14 weeks, if somebody orders the battery today from me, they can only get the battery in 12 to 14 weeks, which is not acceptable. I need to go work on streamlining both engineering, manufacturing cycle time in order to push that down to under 10 weeks, ideally 8 weeks. So, that's something that I have to do. And I do need to get a third supplier because I see that – I see us doing well. And I've become more optimistic on batteries. We do need a third supplier. So, that's what we're going to do.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, in general, the component costs, our suppliers have increased prices to us because of the constrained supply chain. That's a given in general. And our guidance, our results, everything incorporates that. To answer your question on the fourth supplier, we expect the fourth supplier to turn on in the third quarter. We expect to at least get a couple of hundred thousand microinverters using that supplier.
Badri Kothandaraman: Today, that 12 to 14 weeks is kind of excess – it's kind of made worse by a couple of things. One is our internal manufacturing time is a little long. And the logistics situation in this environment is quite stressed as well. So, in order to improve those and get the 12 to 14 weeks down to under 10 weeks, I'm going to work on engineering issues which are basically test time and manufacturing related. Those are well under my control and we'll be able to get that fixed within a quarter.  In terms of logistics, we'll see. The problem exists for the industry, and it's not practical for me to ship batteries – air ship batteries. That's not going to happen because the cost of air shipping batteries will not make sense, no matter whatever way you cut it. I can air ship a microinverter by paying a little bit of money, but that is not true for batteries. It's too much of money and it won't be economically sensible.  So, what I think is – the optimistic guy in me says within 8 to 10 weeks, I should have all of this problem resolved, I should be able to get back to my capacity of 120 megawatt hours per quarter. And from then onwards, look for a third supplier to increase that capacity.
Badri Kothandaraman: You got it right. So, basically, the pricing on accessories – or the volumes on accessories is a little bit higher. And because of that, the pricing for microinverter appear size – high to you. When you take the same revenue, you divide by the number of microinverters, it appears high to you because we shipped a lot more accessories. That's number one. Number two is you asked about the price increase, it was low single digits.
Badri Kothandaraman: I'm not going to talk about the exact number, but I would tell you this, it is a meaningful price adjustment there.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's too early to talk about Q4, but I'm very happy at the fill rate. I'm very happy at the trends. The customers have – they're ordering a lot of product on storage. So, that's all I can say right now because it's going to be too early to talk about Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: Which is exactly why we are going to be quite cautious. That's why I haven't ramped the product in Q3. It will be a very cautious ramp, which is piloting to a few installers in our Enphase Installer Network. We'll be doing that first. We'll look at that experience. We may make some course corrections, and then we'll do a steady ramp because we understand component shortages are there. Q4 is going to look a lot better, like what I said, but we'll start piloting in Q3.  And on the small commercial product, we'll start piloting that in Q4. So, that will be even better than the IQ8 microinverter.
Badri Kothandaraman: As I mentioned, we have about 2,500 installer personnel fully trained. And of that, we have about 1,500 installation companies. They basically are trained. And in addition to training, usually, when we call them as certified is when they finish the first installation, where we basically handhold them for the first installation, which is where we go through the complex or we go through the – complex today, but will be simple tomorrow, simple process of commissioning. And that number, the number of certified installers is usually half of the number of trained installation companies. So, that will give you an idea that – we're talking about a significant number of longtail installers that we have trained in the last four quarters. And that's the name of the game. Once we make it so easy to commission, so easy for them to install, we believe the ramp will come automatically.
Badri Kothandaraman: Like what I said, when we introduced the product in July, at that time of introduction, as typical with a new product, the product costs will be slightly higher. And so, at that time, we started off with a slightly higher pricing. And then, as typical in a new product, it takes some time for the new product to be streamlined. So, we had commissioning issues. And now, we have learned in the last year, we have reduced. We have streamlined commissioning. I think it's pretty decent right now. I still want it to be a lot better. So, now we are ready, meaning we felt we were ready. Therefore, we made the adjustment to the pricing. And that doesn't mean we compromise any of our guiding principles. We will always price on value. We will never enter a business until we are sure that it can support the corporate gross margin of 35%. So, all of those are still intact.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, just for the people on the call, IQ7+ is a higher power microinverter compared to IQ7. IQ7+ has got a 290 watt AC output, while IQ7 has got a 250 watt AC output. And because of that, IQ7+ is usually used for higher-end modules. Higher-end modules may be around 340, 350 watts. You start using IQ7+, so you don't compromise on what is called as the DC/AC ratio.  Historically, we haven't broken out the mix between 7 and 7+. We're not going to do it even now. But we are definitely seeing a trend toward the higher power, and that's not a surprising trend in the industry. That's what the industry does. So, the power of the DC module keeps going up. Therefore, the microinverters have to go up. So IQ7+ is here to stay, is here to ramp.  And in terms of the pricing, the way we do pricing is in terms of dollar per watt. And so, if you provide increased wattage, meaning if I provide increased wattage, the price of that microinverter is automatically higher. In addition, other things are also contributing to pricing in addition to just wattage. It's quality, et cetera. Customer experience matters, too. They're all variables in pricing. But IQ7+ is definitely more.  But coming to the reverse side of the equation is IQ7+ requires us to make some small tweaks compared to the IQ7 microinverter in terms of hardware. So, the transformer may be a little bit different, some of the input transistors may be a little different. So, the cost is not the same of the microinverter. However, again, like what I said, we price products on value and make sure our corporate gross margin is always met. And we, obviously, like higher power products because they give us a little bit extra margin compared to lower power, as you can imagine. 
Badri Kothandaraman: I don't have numbers for you, but it will be up and to the right every quarter. That's all I can say.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, it's not going to slow my Australia rollout. Like what I said, we'll do methodically in all markets, right? Like how we had a nice ramp in North America. I would say the ramp in North America lasted for four quarters where we learned from the installers, where we learn from the homeowners, we course corrected, we did a lot of work. Like that, every country is going to be different.  Germany may be a little bit easier for us, may not be four quarters, maybe one to two quarters. Australia could be different because they usually have a little bit more – meaning the power grid in Australia may not be as stable as Germany. So, they will use backup more than Germany. So, that will be a little bit different. And they're all different grid voltages in frequency. So, we learned there for some time. And by that time, all our manufacturing issues will be resolved.
Badri Kothandaraman: I would say, the way I said it, right, the introduction of load control, that's helped. Reduced commissioning times that we really achieved in Q2, that helped. The adjustment of pricing, that helped. We also introduced a 15-year warranty for customers, so that if you do storage-only financing, you have to pay less dollars a month. So, we introduced kind of these four. Now, we are introducing grid services for certain regions. So, that will help. And the last one is generator compatibility, although we haven't released it, it's coming. So, that will also help. So, I think all put together, you can see that the ramp has started.
Badri Kothandaraman: Look, our experience from IQ6 to 7, that took about four to five quarters. And will IQ8 be different? I think everybody has been waiting for IQ8. And they are going to move to IQ8. IQ8 offers exceptional value. For the first time, you can run on sunshine without the grid. So, I think it should ideally be faster, but let me put on my cautious hat and say we have – we are in the middle of component supply issues. So, we cannot get ahead of ourselves. I would say, at least four quarters. At least four quarters is what I think, could be plus, minus one or two.
Badri Kothandaraman: To double down on what he said, no matter what the other guys do, our strategy is to innovate. We have the eighth generation today. We will soon have the ninth and tenth. Because of that innovation, we have 300-plus patents right now, and that's a lot of IP. And we'll create more IP to fortify this position. So, we'll do what we have done in the last few years.
Badri Kothandaraman: We are entering grid services. It's a little bit early to talk about revenue and revenue models. But the name of the game is this. This helps the homeowner. At the end of the day, if I can reduce the payback period for the homeowner, I will, along with our installers. So, if we do that by offsetting, meaning the homeowners can help the utilities for many times during the summer and a few times during the winter, they get paid for it. For example, the ConnectedSolutions program is a lucrative program. With a 10-kilowatt hour Enphase Encharge battery, you can get up to $1,500 a year in Rhode Island. And you can get up to $1,000 a year in Massachusetts, extremely lucrative program. Of course, the dollars, et cetera – since these are still in pilot stage, dollars, et cetera, are questionable, might come down, when they are in full ramp or when thousands such programs are there among the United States, but it is starting. It is starting. It is going to help us sell solar plus storage, and we are solving a real problem for the utility. So, the utilities are going to be participating in with us.  And there are some interesting business models that emerge. A few times, we will work with the aggregators – like in the case of ConnectedSolutions, there are two utilities in the Northeast – National Grid and Eversource. And they have partnered with an aggregator, and we work with that aggregator.  That's not necessarily the case. We could potentially start working with the utilities. We are exploring such partnerships on how that will work, what are the puts and takes. It's still in the infancy stage. So, which is why I don't think it's the right time to talk about revenue. But we are going to understand this market a lot more in the next few quarters. And coming back to the ConnectedSolutions, where do we differentiate? Because our differentiation is we make it so easy for a homeowner to go to his app and he can pick grid services and he can enroll on to grid services program easily with a touch of a button. And once he is enrolled, he can actually monitor how much he's saving. He can basically opt out of the event. Like, for example, if you have an event tomorrow where the utility wants your battery to discharge, you can opt out today. That option is also through the app. You can set your reserve in the battery. Normally, the utility will set it. It will recommend 10% in order to give you the full grid services benefit, but you can adjust that in the app too. So the app makes it seamless. And of course, that's where we come in. We want to make sure we take care of the homeowner and our installers and our partners there. And we want to provide an exceptional experience for the homeowner.
Badri Kothandaraman: I'm not going to break out the revenue, but let me give you some color. We bought solar – we bought Sofdesk. Sofdesk is a software company that makes design and proposal software for installers and licenses to them. The license fee, in general, is well understood by the industry. And you can do some work on it. We also said that we have 850 installers right now utilizing that platform. So, that'll give you a rough idea of the contribution.  Then more important thing we are excited about there is, both these companies, the software company and the permitting services, which I will talk about next, both of them achieved record revenues. This is the highest revenue. And why? Because Enphase today sells our products, microinverters and storage to a lot of longtail installers. Our installer count is – meaning installers we have served, out of the 5,000 longtail installers in the US, we probably interact with at least 1,500 of them. And so, it's a huge opportunity on understanding the overlap between the installers who utilize the Solargraf tool and understanding the overlap on who actually buys the products. So, therefore, there is enormous scope for us to introduce our longtail installers who buy products to Solargraf platform. And that's what we are going to do. We are going to make that platform a lot better, investing a lot more there. We are going to have shading. We are going to have storage and we are going to make that a best-in-class software tool. That's on the Sofdesk. That's the acquisition based in Montreal that we completed early in the year.  The next one is even more interesting. This is the permitting services company that we closed the acquisition in April. That company does permitting services for a significant fraction of the North American business, the North American solar business. And there, again, so far, the permitting services has been restricted to a few big customers simply because it is – today, although we provide a service, it's a 24-hour service. And we think there can be a lot of efficiency that can be taken out by automating that permitting service to make it almost like a self-service. It takes a couple of hours versus 24 hours. So, again, the name of the game there is to take that installer count from a handful today, which is mainly big installers to thousand-plus installers that we have. Once again, that's what we are going to do by automation. And I gave you some color. But the short story is both businesses are exceeding their targets that were promised to us before. They both have good leadership, and we are thinking of interesting ways the two companies can work together. And I think the name of the game is to introduce both services to our installers.
Badri Kothandaraman: We think one-for-one makes the most sense. That's our bread and butter business. Why? Because quality. Once again, when you put a lot of electronics there, you have two panels that are connected, four panels that are connected. We cannot provide that kind of exceptional quality to the homeowner. It's difficult. However, there are some regions and some businesses like the commercial business that don't have the same stringent requirements. And so, for those businesses, it may be economical to use a two-panel, one microinverter IQ8D product. And we'll be looking at that hard. It's not an easy question for us to answer. We'll be looking at that hard, but we are never going to deviate from our core product being like – like, when we go to IQ9, when we go to IQ10, we want to make that single microinverter a lot better. That is the core for us. We are going to be making that a lot better. But in markets like Australia, for example, where our market share – we want to improve our market share, we may try some experiments. We may. But they will be done methodically without deviating from our core platform.
Badri Kothandaraman: To add a few things more, we know how markets evolve. So, right now, the solar market, if you see, it is 60% loan, 30% lease, 10% cash. And probably the storage market will go in the same way.  The advantage we have is we work with all customers. We work with partners like Sunrun who have leasing. We work with many number of longtail installers who are basically providing help, working with the fintech partners, they offer loans to the homeowners. So, where we come in is we can provide any kind of solution. For the loan market, what we can do, where the homeowner actually owns the asset – the homeowner owns the battery. When the homeowner owns the battery and he sees significant savings, his decision on buying the battery is easy. And whether it's loan, whether it's lease, we are going to be there. It is our platform. And we are going to make it so easy for the homeowner to save money. And our app gives unprecedented visibility. So, we'll service everybody.
Badri Kothandaraman: It's a tough question on predicting the future. But we love LFP. We like the fire resistant aspect of it. We have quite reputable battery suppliers. And the LFP market is going to become big. Like, what you said, the auto guys now want to come in. For the auto guys, they will go back and forth between LFP and other chemistries because LFP comes with more weight. More weight is okay for ESS, which is the stationary storage. More weight is questionable. Although some of them are moving, more weight is questionable for EVs. And I'm sure innovation is going to happen on that front. But for us, we made the right decision before. I think we are happy that other people are moving to it. We have good partners. We are going to get a few more good partners to increase our capacity, and our strategy is unchanged there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Although I didn't talk about it, we are furiously working on it and we are planning to pilot the portable power station in the fourth quarter to our homeowners and installers, actually.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, we're not ruling anything out. If the economics are right, we may do it. The economics need to be right, the incentives need to be right. It's possible.
Badri Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Eric Branderiz: I just want to make one clarification [indiscernible]. The question from Aric implies that by solving the lead times on storage will immediately unleash the fulfillment of the capacity at 120 megawatt hours. We also have commissioning and activation that we are watching very, very closely. So, I wouldn't assume necessarily by the compression of the 12 to 14 weeks into something like 10 or 8 that Badri is targeting, it will automatically unleash that fulfillment of the capacity. So, that's a clarification. So, the ramp is not as steep as you may think.
Eric Branderiz: We have a big appetite for M&A. But we are not willing to pay sometimes the prices as well there, especially over the last few quarters. Now there is a little bit of a more – the market is opening a little bit better. Some of [indiscernible] pulling back, pricing appears to be more palatable in the way we are doing the analysis in terms of IRR, payback and so on on all these acquisitions. As a communication record here, we are very diligent on making sure that all the acquisitions that we do meet a high bar of payback IRR in all of those things that are very important to us. So, when we think about capital allocation, the amount that we have reserved for M&A is pretty important. So, that's something important to us to convey and which we'll be opening over the next few quarters.  In terms of the $500 million over three-year share buyback program that the board approved, I think this phenomenal, right, because it allows us to redeploy that capital into share buybacks as the opportunity comes with the volatility on the stock throughout that period. So, meaning we are not using that one more than strategically positioning the company to rebuy the shares, for example, that we issue as part of the converts. In this case, we have 4 million shares issued. We bought 1.7 million of our shares back at a very reasonably low price. So, that kind of gives you a sense of how we are thinking in terms of the utilization of that approval by the board of $500 million over three years.  And finally, we know how to run the company with very little cash. So my cash – floating cash that I need on the balance sheet to run the company has been about between $300 million, $400 million. So, that tells you that, as we continue generating cash, we're going to replenish that over the years, right? So, that's kind of the program that we have. A lot of M&A in sight, the opportunistic share buyback on the $500 million approved by the board over three years, and quite a bit of internal growth. That's why we commented on the OpEx as well, right? As we see going forward, sometimes we decide to build that capability in-house. That means hiring more people, increasing our OpEx. But we're still committed to be comfortably above the 20% operating income for the company as a whole. So, hopefully, that answer long, but detailed answer give you a sense of how we are managing cash.
Eric Branderiz: And if there is anybody capable to put something up and running pretty quickly, it's probably going to be us, right? And we know how to establish contract manufacturing very quickly in partnership with our contract manufacturer. We know how to transfer without compromising our reliability lines from place to place. We've proven that with Mexico, and we know how to do that very quickly. So, in the event the battery decides to go that path and the economics are there, we probably are the best suited to do it.
Raghu Belur: Yes, there have been numerous entrants over the last 15 or so years. The bottom line is that business is very, very hard. And micros is even harder. That's why there were even more microinverter entrants and hardly any left. And it's because you have to achieve a level of reliability, cost and performance that's – and to do that with the micro is extremely difficult. Look, we have eight generations of innovation under our belt. So we have an incredible amount of experience and we have had our arrows in our back actually.  So, the bottom line is that, again, we are relentless when it comes to innovation. And when you think about innovation, for us, it's about innovation around semiconductors and software, our ASIC is kind of the key to what we do with our micro. So we are continuing to innovate in that area. We're also looking at kind of next generation materials. Like, gallium nitride is an example of that. And we are making sure that we continue down that path of adding more value, driving more performance, lower cost, and not compromising reliability in any way. So, this is a hard business, and we are really continuing down that innovation path.
Raghu Belur: Our goal, our aim if you look at it from a strategy point of view is to deliver best-in-class home energy management solutions and systems. And we consider all the available resources in the home that starts with solar, stationary storage, load control, generators, fuel, et cetera. And bidirectionally, we will play a key role in providing a great homeowner experience, meaning that in the event of an outage, for example, now you have that – another resource available in order to ensure that your home stays up and you can drive through any outage. We do not consider this to be competitive in any way at all. We consider that to be an integral part of the overall solution that we are offering. And we have a unique role to play in that because we do the power electronics, the communications, the software, the entire brain of that home energy management system is what we offer. I think bringing a bidirectional EV system on to our platform is going to just make the whole solution that much more resilient. And I think that's a good homeowner experience. And like I said, we play a very unique role there.
Raghu Belur: It is cooperative because we are the ones who provide the actual – we are the developers of the equipment, right? So we have a deep understanding of how the whole system within the home interact plus all of the software platform that allows – gives you access into the system itself. So, we feel that the whole relationship is positive.  In general, I want to make a comment about grid services. If you look ahead, it will be a requirement. You need coordination amongst all of the systems that are deployed because as you think about the world evolving into a world of EV, et cetera, and home electrification, this coordination will become more and more important. So, having a system that's extremely intelligent, that's behind the meter, that is coupled to a very intelligent platform that's in the cloud is critical. And that's a big competitive advantage for us because we have built that system. We have architected that system from the bottoms up that allows very clean and effective communication and control from the cloud to all of these DERs that are deployed behind the meter.
