Kris Sennesael: Thank you, Paul. First, I will start by providing some more detail on the financial results for the first quarter of 2013 and then I will turn to the business outlook for the second quarter. As a reminder the financial measures that I'm going to provide are on a non-GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. As Paul mentioned, total revenue for the first quarter was $45.6 million which is at the high end of our revenue guidance of $43 million to $46 million. This is an increase of 7% year-over-year, but if we normalize for the 1603 related revenue at the beginning of 2012, it is up 36% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, revenue was down 21% from the fourth quarter, which is in line with our normal seasonal pattern. During the first quarter of 2013, we shipped 315,000 microinverters or 68 megawatts. Approximately 85% of the revenue was in the United States and 15% outside of United States mainly in Canada, France, Benelux, UK and Italy. This is an increase over the fourth quarter of 2012 where revenue outside of US was roughly 10% of total revenue. Recently we have seen some improvements in those markets and the growth is starting to resume as those markets are stabilizing after the phased reductions in 2012 and as we continue to gain market share in those countries. Gross margin in the first quarter was 27%, an improvement of 510 basis points compared to the 21.9% in the first quarter of 2012. The gross margin is down 100 basis points from our record gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2012, mainly as a result of a reduction in volume during our seasonally slowest quarter of the year. However, we continue to make good progress with our ongoing cost reduction efforts and experienced a relative stable pricing environment for the Enphase microinverter systems during the first quarter of 2013. Operating expenses in the first quarter of 2013 were flat compared to the operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2012 at $20.4 million as we continue to maintain tight control on our operating expenses. R&D came in at $8.5 million, sales and marketing at $6.3 million and G&A at $5.6 million. These non-GAAP operating expenses did not include $1.3 million in stock-based compensation expenses and $150,000 in severance costs. We ended the first quarter with $382 employees, which is the same level as at the end of 2012. Again, going forward, we will continue to focus on keeping our operating expenses as flat as possible and driving leverage in our business model. For the first quarter of 2013, net loss was $8.7 million or a loss of $0.21 per share. On a GAAP basis, the net loss was $10.4 million or $0.25 per share. Cash flow from operations during the first quarter of 2013 was as expected a negative $7 million, and net cash flow was negative $8.9 million which is in line with normal seasonal trends. As a result, the company exited the quarter with a total cash balance of $36.4 million. We did not drop on our $66 million debt facilities, but we did repay approximately $600,000 on our existing term debt. Accounts receivable at the end of the first quarter of 2013 were $24.9 million or 49 day sales outstanding, slightly up from the 44 days last quarter. The revenue for the first quarter was backend loaded with a seasonally weak January and February resulting in an increased DSO. Inventory turns are at six times, with inventory at the end of the first quarter at $22.3 million, slightly up from the $19.8 million at the end of the fourth quarter as we prepared for the ramp of the business into the second quarter. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were $1.7 million and depreciation and amortization was also $1.7 million. Now I would like to turn to our guidance for the second quarter of 2013. After seasonally slower first quarter, we expect strong sequential increase in our top line, with revenue for the second quarter to be in the range of $56 million to $60 million. At the midpoint of the guidance, this is up 27% sequentially. Also, at the midpoint of the guidance, this is up 4% year-over-year, but if we exclude approximately $19 million of 1603 related revenue during the second quarter of 2012, the midpoint of the guidance is up more than 50% on a year-over-year basis. To be fair if there was no 1603 grant expiration, some of the $19 million revenue would have been recognized during the second quarter of 2012, but it's really hard to estimate the exact amount. Regarding gross margin, we expect the gross margin to be within a range of 26% to 28%. We also expect the non-GAAP operating expenses to be roughly flat compared to the first quarter. And now, I will open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: Sure, and I will take that question here, we were definitely very pleased to have the gross margin coming in at 27% being down 100 basis points from our record gross margin. It was 28% at the fourth quarter and the main driver for that 100 basis points drop was the much lower volume that we experienced in the first quarter being the seasonally softer quarter. So from a pricing point of view we really experienced a relative stable pricing during the first quarter compared to other price level at the fourth quarter.
Kris Sennesael: That's basically correct. As you know in 2012 we've experienced roughly 8% to 10% price reduction as we pass on some of our cost reductions to our customer and looking forward in 2013 there will be some price actions including some of the actions that we already took in the second quarter. But again given the price actions that we already took we do expect the gross margin to come in that 26% to 28% gross margin level for the second quarter which we are very pleased with that as well.
Kris Sennesael: We don't provide any specific guidance on the full year basis but historically it has been around 8% to 10%.
Kris Sennesael: And from an OpEx point of view, our OpEx U.S. versus international, reflects more or less the revenue split so that’s pretty inline of each other. 
Kris Sennesael: There is still some 1603 related inventory out there; probably more than half has been sold through. Our customers continue to use those 1603 units they blend them in, we have new purchases that they make and we expect our process to continue for the next couple of quarters maybe even like the next whatever four, six quarters out there.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So I think it’s probably best to start off by indicating that the ABB’s interest, the company of the size and scale of ABB, their interest in solar I think is a validation that the solar industry is set to grow in a big way both domestically and internationally, and it takes companies like ABB to sort of to recognize this and validate it for the rest of the industry. In reference to the multiples and evaluations that are being seen today as a result of that, I think I’d leave that to investors to draw their own conclusions there. And I think it does validate and does recognize the potential for the solar market and for the companies that have the right business models that can generate positive sustainable cash flows and generate profitability through the growth of this industry.
Paul Nahi: It could, it’s very hard to predict the outcome of an acquisition. I think we've all seen them go well and some go not so well. I think importantly for Enphase, we are very focused on the execution of our current business model and our current plan. We've got new products in the pipeline that we are very excited about introducing both on the hardware and the software side. We are continuing to expand both domestically and internationally, and I think our success is really very dependent on our ability to continue the quality of execution that we've demonstrated to date.
Paul Nahi: Sure well as you know we only guide to the current quarter. What I would do is perhaps direct your attention towards our historical numbers which definitely show an up tick in the Q3 and Q4 timeframe and that is not unique to Enphase. That is symptomatic I think of the entire industry and represents the seasonality associated with weather and the ease of installation.
Paul Nahi: Well, clearly we've seen it already improve from 10% last quarter to 15% this quarter and I would say that we're very early in to our international expansion. As you know, we have offices in France, UK, Italy, Australia and we continue to expand in to new countries. So I think that as far as long term trend is concerned, we would fully expect the percentage of rest of world sales to continue to increase.
Paul Nahi: So, I will take the first part of that question. One of the things we have just mentioned is that we're changing our European infrastructure to more of a pan-European infrastructure to better leverage the existing resources we have. So in the past where we were more country focused, we are more now regionally focused. This allows us to leverage the existing resources we have without materially increasing or affecting the OpEx but allowing us to enter, yet again, more countries. We will continue to exercise this strategy going forward in Europe and in other parts of the world as well.
Paul Nahi: I will just finish this out by saying that we have said several times in the past that we had used 2011, 2012 to build out a significant infrastructure not just in the U.S. but globally, we are right now in the process of leveraging that infrastructure.
Paul Nahi: We are not seeing anything different now that we have seen before. I think just in general, all of the constituents of a solar system, whether it's the module provider, the BOS, the inverter, even the installer have seen a trend towards lower pricing, in terms of the health of the industry I think that’s a very good thing. We continue to see what we have seen, nothing exceptional or current and we fully expect to be able to meet the demand for a slow and new ones reduction in ASPs overtime.
Paul Nahi: So without getting into the specifics of the Vivint deal sort of in general there are a broad away of agreements that we have with multiple different installers and PPA and lease providers. Vivint is a fantastic customer and we enjoy a solid relationship with them. It’s actually one where not only are they purchasing the microinverter them selves, but they are actually leveraging the light and software and OEM and for billing purposes also. We have more and more customers that are leveraging in [lighten] and our software to further integrate into their business models whether it is on the front end for installation, whether it is to help close a sale or whether it is on the back end to support operations and maintenance and of course we have as I mentioned the variety of different types of engagements, some more involving software than others, but I think the general value proposition of creating a simpler business model for the installer, well providing more energy and reliability for the owner continues to resonate.
Paul Nahi: We haven't seen any significant change in the start-up environment, while there are some companies out there; none are providing any significant competition. There are some legacy players who have been actually selling and marketing very aggressively new products for them, microinverter for them, but there has been no real impact in the marketplace for us.
Paul Nahi: No, our pricing strategy overseas is very similar to what we do and how we do it in the US. We are not -- there's no fundamental change. Really what motivates adoption and what we have seen in the US, what we've seen in France, in Benelux and in multiple other regions is really more about training, training and getting people accustomed to doing business with a microinverter, teaching them how the software can help them to close a sale, showing them how the Enlighten software can help on the backend O&M and then showing them what it means, what a microinverter means to their current operations and how it can save the installer money and build a more profitable or more efficient business. That's really where we spent most of our time as we enter new countries. We have been doing that for quite some time now and continue to do that.
Paul Nahi: We have indicated that we are going to be introducing our fourth generation product in 2014. We are actually very excited about the launch. It’s a brilliant new product. In addition to that, we will be introducing new software in 2013 and of course our fifth generation is up and running in the lab, it’s en route and it will be introduced some time after that. I think what you are seeing is a very steady and consistent investment in research and development to ensure that we are always, that [employees] always has the latest, the greatest microinverter technology on the hardware front and software front as we are going to see more and more entrants try to compete in this phase.
Paul Nahi: Sure. This is -- actually obviously as the fourth generation product, this is something we've done in the past which is to manage the introduction of a new product while we are currently selling an existing generation product. I think we understand what it takes. We know how to manage the process of introducing a new product. We do not believe that the introduction of our fourth generation product will adversely affect the sales of our third generation product. Clearly, the two will coexist for some time and we are managing that and developing plans for that as we speak, but we don't -- so we don't expect the transition to be sudden or dramatic, but we will be rolling out the new product in conjunction with the old then managing that transition over several quarters.
Paul Nahi: If I understand your question correctly [Colin] I think the answer is no. We're not doing anything different as a result of anybody else’s competitive product. Our warranty is a reflection of the quality we've built into the product, a quality that’s taken five years of building and selling microinverters to develop, but we believe that a very important part of our value proposition and will continue to emphasize it. At the same time, we think that as we move forward, it's not the warranty while an important element of the overall value proposition will be just a small portion of the total system value, which includes the quality of microinverter itself and all the system level software.
Paul Nahi: Thank you. So we are also a great start for 2013, with the close of the first quarter, we now have five quarters in the book as a public company. During this time, we have established a track record of executing our strategy and delivering results as we strive to grow the company, provide industry leading products and services, and create shareholder value. Thanks everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Sanjay Shrestha: Okay. So do you -- any comments on what do you think it probably means because these guys are going after the big ticket item and does this sort of potentially end up giving you even a better opportunity on the microinverter side as they sort of have to focus now on acquisition integration and things like that, any sense there.
Sanjay Shrestha: Two quick questions for me guys; one in terms of the gross margin here in Q1 which is obviously pretty impressive, huge improvement year-over-year and the sequential decline from Q4 to Q1 was that all related to pricing or how should we think about that, right so 100 basis points decline sequentially was there anymore cost improvement versus what the pricing decline was or did the cost per lot go down on a sequential basis and can you comment on that a bit.
Sanjay Shrestha: Final question for me guys, so in terms of Q2 you guys have given the guidance right but for the second half 2013 how should we think about that as to sort of the revenue ramp and if any qualitative comment you can provide on that would be very helpful market mix and how should we sort of think about the second half of ’13.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: The second quarter gross margin guidance midpoint is flat yet you know you are seeing nice volume growth. So is it all because of some pricing change in the second quarter or is there anything else going on.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful and the mix of megawatts or revenues international versus U.S. you think it's going to be same sort of 8515 or are you going to slowly start seeing the international mix improve you know, to more like 20%-25%.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. One of the question just on the OpEx front. You mentioned you are going to keep your OpEx flat, talking about expansion internationally. So how are going to manage that? Are you trying to take some cost out in the U.S. or what are some of the other things you are doing and what percentage of your OpEx is related to some of these international markets. Thank you.
