Paul Nahi: So we believe that we have a couple of weeks of inventory that we want to work our way through and we should be done with that in the fourth quarter and it's primarily in the US.
Paul Nahi: Sure, so as to the pricing itself, so yes, we've seen approximately 18% to 20% price reduction year-on-year between the second half of 2015 and the second half of 2014 and that obviously is going to have some downward pressure on gross margin and on revenue itself, however we've recognized that this is a very price competitive market. We also feel very comfortable given the empirical data that we have, that at or around competitive pricing, our customers will chose Enphase. So because of that, we've made the decision to become very aggressive on pricing. In fact, slightly ahead of cost which is where you see some of the challenges on gross margin? Having said that, we have a lot of experience and a great track record on cost reduction really since the inception of the company. The 18% price reduction you're seeing this year may very well be exceeded next year as a result of our potential cost reductions that we'll talking more about on our Analyst Day on November 17. So we're going to be sharing with you the details of our cost reduction roadmap over the next 24 years, which will show and hopefully provide the confidence that we can get very near string at or near string pricing costing which would put us in a very strong position globally to grab it even larger market share.
Paul Nahi: So we're taking actions right now, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. The entire executive team is very, very focused on this. You'll see the beginning of this in Q4, but you'll see I think most of the change is reflected in our Q1 operating expense. As Kris had mentioned, there are certain areas that we are very keen to protect mainly on the R&D side. The response that we're receiving to our storage solution, to our Home Energy Solution has been tremendous. We also have a lot of cost reduction activities that are going on, as well as things like the AC module, which is receiving a great deal of attention. So we're going to make sure that we continue to invest aggressively in all of these areas and in geographies where we're seeing expansion in growth, we're going to continue to invest there. However, there are definitely efficiencies that we can look to capitalize on and the rest of the company and we're going to evaluate that and as I mentioned, work on it both this quarter and you will see the effects of this mostly on Q1, 2016.
Paul Nahi: Phil, we're not - I'm not going to give you a specific number right now. What we will be doing is, on the 17, we'll share with you our cost reduction roadmap, which I think will provide a lot of visibility into our ability to reduce prices going forward. What I have said earlier, that we've seen an 18% to 20% price reduction, this year second half over second half. We will likely accelerate back in 2016.
Paul Nahi: Well we're not getting any guidance as to gross margin, but we had mention had we, pricing actions we've taken will land us somewhere in the mid-20s and we think that, what we aspire to do is keep pace with that, throughout 2016.
Paul Nahi: So, well reducing the warranty, we'll certainly reduce the warranty reduce which could help on ASPs. I think the changes that we're talking about are really more substantial and more innovative. We - through our semiconductor development, we're able to reduce the part count, able to change things on the mechanical side, on the cabling side, we can uniquely take advantage of the new higher power modules that are out there too, yet again reduce cost. So we're not looking at addressing this problem through financial means, we're looking at addressing the increasing interest in lower prices to help our customers become more competitive through technology innovation.
Paul Nahi: I'm sorry to underscore Kris's point. The nature of some of our cost reductions actually will help in the reliability by reducing a number of components and increasing the content of our semiconductor devices, we also reduce a number of solder [ph] joints and make the device smaller. So much of what we're doing is going in the direction of increased reliability, while we increase our testing and performance as well.
Paul Nahi: So what we've seen is that, some of the initial expectations for the growth of the US residential market. I think may have been call it 10% to 20% more than what we're seeing right now. I think the reality of the market growth year-over-year is probably closer to 40% to 60% not necessarily 60% to 80%. So we're definitely seeing good growth, solid growth but may be not the growth that was originally anticipated. As for its application across the US. I wouldn't say there is anyone area particularly affected except perhaps Hawaii.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So part of the guidance is, as we talked about due to the inventory correction. So we've got a couple weeks that we want to, we want to burn through in the channel. In addition to that, we talked about the fact that we've seen a slightly softer market than expected. And then remember, year-on-year the second half of 2015 has seen an 18% to 20% price reduction over the second half of 2014. So you've got price reduction which is putting downward pressure on margin coupled with some of the other elements that I just mentioned, that collectively is definitely effecting Q4. In terms of market share in general, it's a mix bag and market share is rather difficult to come by. We do believe that, as you had mentioned in the Tier 3, the price delta between us and some competitors had gotten quite large and while in the past, that there was a tremendous. People are willing to pay a tremendous premium for Enphase, the pricing environment with our customers has gotten rather challenging. So we have to reduce that delta and that was the impetus behind the very aggressive pricing moves that we've taken to-date including in Q3 and what we're going to continue to do in the ensuing quarters.
Paul Nahi: Nothing, outside of Hawaii, we're not seeing anything specific. And then when you're talking about market segmentation. We're not seeing at localized at any one particular segment. We're seeing it at sort of across the board.
Paul Nahi: I think as a general comment, I say that's true. Obviously customer-to-customer you're going to see different trends. But as an example, one of things that we've seen in the distribution is some of the Tier 1s, some of the very large customers have made inroads and have actually started to have gained a bit of share, which is actually putting pressure on some of Tier 3s, which may have slowed some of that growth, again still growing but maybe not as fast as we had anticipated.
Paul Nahi: It's a good question. We - I think originally the pricing pressure started with the larger customers, but it really can never stay isolated there. It's just a matter of time before it trickles down into the Tier 2s and Tier 3s, so what we're seeing now is that pricing pressure, I think across the market. Although, as I mentioned it may have started with the larger customers. And our strategy has been to address that with the larger Tier 1s, with the Tier 2s. We've made we've had several Tier 2 design wins that we're very excited about, many of which we haven't announced yet. But I think the pricing move that we've made in the middle Tiers had a tremendous effect and now we're applying that same strategy to the Tier 3s as well.
Paul Nahi: It's very hard for me to give you definitive answer on that, but yes we do, we are, our intention is to get to a price point, where yes we can gain share across the board from the Tier 1s, continue to success revenue in the Tier 2s as well as the long-tail.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So let me address your first question. So what we're seeing right now, what we have said is, that we see significant cost reductions with each subsequent generation of product. However, we don't necessarily see it when we introduce the product. We see it, we introduce the product and then it gets cost reduced over time and we eventually see it. Again we'll provide more detail on the Analyst Day. But no, we're not seeing a 25% cost reduction with the introduction of the fifth generation. Again more details on that to come and again, we'll take you through not just 2016 but all the way through 2017 as well, so you can see the larger narrative. In reference to us moving more aggressively on the fifth generation, the S230 and S280. A lot of this is driven by module power, the higher power modules while you do see some in the market, it's still not the most prevalent modules out there. We expect to see a much higher prevalence of higher power modules towards the end of the year. So I think, our fifth generation inverter will certainly pick up market share as we move into the second half of the year and then again there is that coupled with the cost reduction actions that we are embarked on, will result I think in much quicker transition towards the back half of the year.
Paul Nahi: So well, there's certainly the market seasonality that we expect in Q1. I think that some of what's happening in Q4 is unique to Q4. So I'm not expecting to see the same level of seasonality that Enphase has seen in the past, in Q1.
Paul Nahi: Again, we don't, we're not guiding to 2016 but with the pricing actions that we have taken and will take, I do expect to see that generate more demand and higher revenue growth.
Paul Nahi: Sure. So again, I think to-date we have been at a considerable price premium over our competitors. The strategic decisions that we're making right now is that, we know that and we have seen that when we're at or near competitive pricing, we will win more customers then not. So I fully expect that, this new pricing strategy will resolve in higher revenue. Again I'm not going to guide towards 2015. But we've already seen tremendous success, we've seen that in customers like Sunrun, we became a customer there for the first time as result of the extra energy harvest, the stability and quality of the product as well as the pricing. We've seen the same thing happen in Tier 2s, many of which we haven't, many of which designs We haven't announced yet, designs win we haven't announced yet and I'm fully expected to see the same thing in the Tier 3s. Now we're just talking about the US, we're also seeing tremendous growth in EMEA, in the APAC region. So I think there is a lot of growth and a lot of market penetration for microinverters yet to come.
Paul Nahi: So we're not guiding to price, what we are saying is that, we're going to show you a cost reduction roadmap that will get us to the at or very, very near the cost of string inverters. What we do and how much of that we take to price, we'll have to see, it's going to be based on market conditions at the time. But we'll be in a position, where we could compete with a broader and broader piece of the market.
Paul Nahi: Thank you for joining us on the call today and we look forward to seeing you on November 17 at our Analyst Day in New York.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, there is a lot there in your question and so first of all, we are going to drive down our operating expenses and as Paul already mentioned, to whole executive team including me are diligently working on that and we will take some actions in the fourth quarter and so you will see, we guided $28 million to $30 million of OpEx in Q4. The full impact of all our actions you will see that in the first quarter of 2016. And so obviously, we going as deep as we can, but there are a couple of limiting factors. Of course, we want to make sure that we can and will execute on our product reduction roadmap and that we deliver our AC Battery storage solution as part of our Home Energy Solution, on time to launch it in 2016 in Australia. So that are two very important things that we will continue to make major investments in it and because they're critical for the future of the company. We do believe that we will bring down operating expenses to in line with the lower gross margin profile of the company and that will result in a, I call it, approximately breakeven level from a cash flow point of view. Absent any working capital situations. As you probably know we have a very big seasonality in the business. Even sometimes within the quarters, we see fluctuations and so we will continue to have seasonal fluctuations there, that will impact our working capital, but absent working capital. We're at approximately breakeven level. So as you know probably know, we ended the quarter with $22.5 million of cash, we have and that included $70 million drawn down on the working capital facility. We have a working capital facility up to $50 million and so the combination of driving the business at breakeven, with better focus on managing our working capital, I feel confident that we cash and access to cash to go and run the business.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, I mean it's clear that Q4 is a little bit of abnormal quarter and so it doesn't, you can't build any run rate or anything like from the fourth quarter. I was speaking about our expectations for 2016 and beyond.
Kris Sennesael: No and I typically don't guide on cash flow, but we had $6 million cash burn from operations during the third quarter, mainly driven by an increase in accounts receivable as well as still a slight increase in inventory levels. As I mentioned during the prepared remarks, we definitely do expect the accounts receivables to come down towards the end of 2015. Inventory, it will take some more time there. We need to reduce the build plans that will take some time and there is more work to be done there in the first half of 2016. But the combination of bringing down the accounts receivable level and other working capital elements that we have, I do expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in the Q4 of 2015. We will see, where we and [ph] today we have $17 million draw down on the working capital facility, we might pay back some of that depending on how much cash, we generate in the fourth quarter.
Kris Sennesael: And Phil, I think it's clear that for Enphase, quality and reliability is a key element of our value proposition. We're not willing to compromise on that. Maybe some of our competitors might be willing to do that, that is not what Enphase is doing. Quality and reliability is key. We continue to further improve our reliability of our product which is world class already and we're not willing to compromise on that.
Kris Sennesael: We have our normal accounting practice that we apply rigorously every quarter and so there was nothing up normal there in Q3, this time.
Kris Sennesael: We're just ramping up our Gen 5 shipments and so I believe this will be around 10% to 15% of total shipments.
Kris Sennesael: You have to think about the vast majority of our shipments all of them [ph] in 2016 will still be the fourth generation. But fifth generation there will then as I said like starting from 10%, 15% probably going to 20%, maybe 25% towards the end of 2016.
Kris Sennesael: And Jeff as, the vast majority of our ship was in 2016 will still be the fourth generation, we will continue to drive down the product cost of that fourth generation as well. We've not hit the bottom there either, so we'll continue to drive down cost of Gen four as well.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, we definitely at the Analyst Day, we'll talk a bit more about our financial models and all of that. Having said that, we see that margins are now dropping to the mid-20s, however and we said that during the prepared remarks as well. Our long-term target levels remains 35% to 40% and we believe that, once we will hit the bottom of the cost curve, given our unique value proposition, we will be able to command a premium and a margins into 35%, 40%. You have to think about that in a slightly different way. Today, our premium is probably $0.20 or $0.25 per watt. Once you get to the bottom of the cost curve, the premium might be $0.02 or $0.03 or $0.04 per watt or maybe a $100 or $200 per system. And that will pay off way much compared to the value of proposition that we provide in terms of higher energy production, lower design and installation cost, ease of installation and lower operations and maintenance cost.
