Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, there is no destocking for Q3. And then on the -- you should always now think about us as achieving balance between sell-in and sell-through. In other words, we only need to report under-shipment or over-shipment if we do not have a balance. So now, going forward, the channel is balanced, and we are in good shape. So, answering your question on the $450 million, we are very optimistic. As you can see, our sell-in revenue in Q2 was $303.5 million. Our sell-in revenue at the midpoint of guidance for Q3 is $390 million. That's a good growth rate, and we are extremely optimistic. So, like what I talked about, we have successfully normalized our channel inventory. Our battery business is very healthy. We went from 75.5 million -- or 75.5 megawatt hours in Q1 to 120 megawatt hours in Q2. Now we are guiding 160 megawatt hours to 180 megawatt hours in Q3 and California is contributing to it in addition to the other regions. Like what I said, our customer demand in Q2 increased by 5% as compared to Q1. So we are building in a little bit of conservatism there and building in some potential risks into our guidance. That's why we gave you $370 million to $410 million. Our Q3 bookings are the healthiest they have been in a year. I told you about over 85% bookings and that too after removing a bunch of risks that we evaluate continuously on a worldwide basis. Our early commitment to US manufacturing is positioning us well with the lease, PPA and commercial asset owners. This is the definite bluebird for Q4. We expect the Fed to lower interest rates later in the year, so that will also be a tailwind improving solar economics for US consumers. Our efforts to capture market share in Europe, like what I said, Europe Q3, there is seasonality but like what I said, we are under penetrated in Europe. There are so many countries where we are making good progress. So we feel very optimistic about growth in Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right, so basically the first question we work on gross margins a lot. We have a cost reduction program that is going on continuously for microinverters and batteries. We are making a lot of progress in it. I expect our non GAAP gross margins without IRA to continuously improve. I'll tell you, the dynamics in the battery business are the cell pack prices are going down. We are making our microinverters -- starting to make our microinverters for batteries in the US, and we are also making some fundamental changes in the architecture in going from the third generation to the fourth generation. Additionally, even in the third generation, the serviceability of the batteries and the system controllers for backup is approximately 90%. 90% serviceability means that you do not need to take batteries off the wall. You basically service them in situ, which means very often a problem becomes simply replacing a board that may be worth only $50 and not taking out a $5,000 battery. That's the advantage of our architecture. It is easily serviceable and we have made it modular. So gross margins -- actually, we are very bullish on gross margins both with and without IRA. As far as your question on IRA, most of the IRA benefit for us comes from microinverters. We are only now starting to ramp on our batteries. The microinverters inside the batteries are increasingly made in the US. Last question is the benefits. It is too early to talk about it. The good news is we are -- we have our act together on the domestic content. We are talking to everybody that matter, and we are working out the details with them. Our intention is that, you know, this entire incentive may be a good thing ultimately for the end consumer and I'm not sure what the plans of several lease and PPA providers are, whether are they going to keep it for themselves or are they going to pass it down. I'm sure it is a mix as far as we are concerned I mean, we will be for us, it involves setting up even more factories. For example, previously we weren't manufacturing the enclosure for the microinverters in the US. Now we are going to be manufacturing that enclosure in the US. We are setting up factories, and we basically will be looking to charge for value. But this is a good thing for the end consumer, especially with incentives we are talking about in the range of $0.40 per watt which is 10% of project cost.
Badri Kothandaraman: Right. IQ9, actually I can talk about IQ9. Yeah, IQ9, we are working very hard on IQ9. IQ9 is going to be GaN based. And GaN is a very interesting technology. It allows us to offer higher power for the same cost structure. So what will we offer? What will Enphase offer for IQ9? We are going to -- our first product will be focused on the commercial market where today we do not play, which is the 480 volt small commercial market. So we will introduce a 427 watt product for the small commercial market three phase. It will have an outstanding cost structure. We are -- the key innovation in GaN is instead of four silicon FETs that we have, we will have two bi-directional GaN switches. So that is how you save cost. Another way you save cost is if you run those switches at high frequency, even double the frequency 100 khz becomes 200 khz or 300 khz. There is opportunity to drop the main transformer size big, and therefore the cost structure big. So our internal goals are to make the cost on an absolute basis for this product the same as IQ8, which means cost per watt would be automatically much lower. And on the heels of the 427 watts, we will also offer a 548 watts that will be for emerging markets as well as for some places in Europe and that will be available for both the residential as well as commercial, you know. Yeah, commercial customers. So, lot of plans. We expect to have the first IQ9 into market in 2025.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. It's quite simple. It is to introduce new products systematically into all of those regions, which we are. We are following it up, like, for example, every region -- almost every region has IQ8 microinverters today. Some of the regions will need three phase batteries and even single-phase batteries with backup that will be available by the end of the year. And then IQ EV chargers, what I told you similarly will be available again in Q4. We are steadily releasing the Solargraf platform in all of the -- to make sure we have a lot of revenue coverage there in those countries. And Solargraf platform helps us to enhance the value proposition that the installer can provide the homeowner at the kitchen table. The last bit is the IQ energy management software. So places where there are dynamic electricity rates, there aren't that many now, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Netherlands, those are the four, but I'm sure that, that's a phenomenon that will come. And every region will have its own thing there, time of use or an NEM 3 type tariff or a dynamic tariff and even imbalance in some countries, how we can help an imbalance, which are much more instead of a day -- instead us getting day ahead tariff, we may be getting information a few minutes ahead. So we are getting ready for all of that. But the short answer is more sales, more FAE coverage, great customer service 24/7 and making sure all our products are available there and handholding the installers, training them well is something that we do. We need to continue to do that for all of these regions. So I don't expect a step function, but I expect steady growth as we introduce products over the years.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, thank you. So, first one, with respect to SunPower, we're not going to comment on customer specifics here, but as usual, what we do is when we give you guidance, we always take risks everywhere in the world, globally. And we have exactly done that in the guidance that we gave you. That's one. On the domestic content again, it is early to tell, but we like what we are seeing. We believe it's a, we'll start to see some output of the domestic content in Q4 that will be positive, hopefully for the industry because it is a large incentive, and that incentive can be used to propel demand to improve economics for the PPA providers, improve economics for the industry, making sure installers also their situation get robust. So I think it will benefit everybody in some way or the other. And we are happy to provide those solutions and we are, our product right now, we basically said certain select products that we have today, combined with racking, qualify even today for domestic content. We are making that better by increasing our domestic content, which is manufacturing enclosures for microinverters and getting that ready in the fourth quarter. So once that is in play, then we will be able to increase the percentage of domestic content available there and we will be able to service customers better. But I'm very excited by it. I think this, along with potentially the Fed rates, has got the potential to propel the market significantly in Q4.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yes. I mean, just if history were to tell you something, I think last time I told you approximately 50% three months ago. So right now it is 50% -- right now it is 60%. So I don't know the answer. Maybe another two, three quarters is when NEM 2 will eventually go. And yes, I mean, I think Raghu talked about grid type batteries. They provide the right economics, the bill offset, if you have one five kilowatt hour battery improves from something like 55 to 70. If you have two five kilowatt hour batteries, it can go from, can go to 85% to 90%. So the sweet spot is two five kilowatt hour batteries and that's for people who choose grid type. Now there are people who choose backup too. That's what we talked about earlier. So we do expect full conversion to NEM 3 to drive the battery attached. There is still, mathematically, if you see, only 60% is converted. Now, of course, many things plays into this, like the health of the installers, et cetera. So I cannot guide a number, but I think we are quite positive because, first of all, our revenue -- cell-through revenue in California has stabilized compared to Q1. In fact, it was up by 7% from Q1 to Q2. And I gave you a split up, which means microinverters were flat and battery was up by, I think I said 14%. So it is generally good news, but it is one quarter. We have to be cautious. We remain optimistic that this is going to drive our battery growth -- battery business significantly.
Badri Kothandaraman: We think that -- of course, we don't control what happens there, right? So -- but we feel like we have a very sound business. Our value proposition of our product is excellent. And the business stands alone, independent of these incentives. So what -- now specifically talking about the IRA, obviously we have brought high technology manufacturing back to the US, and we are doing more of that now. We're creating jobs, we are making investments. And this, we believe, is something that is expected to be supported regardless of who is in the government. So we think we are doing all the right things. We share with you things like gross margin with and without the IRA. So it's giving you a lot of details about our business, regardless of incentives. So I think what happens? The outcome remains to be seen. It's not in our control. But I think we have done all the right things.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah, I mean, those are reflective of the number of countries we are entering and the training that we are providing. We have a very active training department in worldwide, and we have an Enphase University. Of course, battery installations aren't simple, although the grid tide installations are getting there. So it does need some training, and we have a lot of installers getting trained both in the Europe -- in the US. The IQ battery 5P is a good product. It solved some of the earlier deficiencies that we had in terms of low power and wireless connectivity, etc. All of those are fixed. So it's being well received globally, not just the US. And now we are following it up with a three-phase battery to address the market. So that's what you're seeing. You're seeing that sort of strength training, not just big installers, focusing on all the installers. Like for example, when I was in Austria and Switzerland about a month ago, in Switzerland, I met about seven installers in a couple of days. And these are anywhere from 1 megawatt to 5 megawatts. Those are our installers. We celebrate them. We make sure that we provide them the correct guidance. We're not perfect many times. There are problems, but once we know, we solve the problems quickly. I think what you're seeing is this transformation from solar to energy, and I think you should expect this trend to continue. We have talked about it, but now it's really turning into a reality, where if you look at, number of markets have made this transition from solar to solar, plus battery, plus EV charger, plus heat pump. And so you can see how our products are aligning with that transformation. We are doing everything from continuing on an inverter side, going IQ8 to IQ9 to match module power increases. You're looking what we are doing on our battery with 5T battery and then the next generation 10 kilowatt hour battery, introducing the three phase battery for backup, introducing EV chargers, introducing all of the software. So you're seeing that the training that we now need to do to get people more comfortable with selling systems is also on the increase. And all of this is good for us because this is what our DNA is, building hardware software systems, building software systems that are software defined. And this is a unique advantage for us.
Badri Kothandaraman: You're correct that outside the US, batteries are used for backup. But there are some places in the US where there are a lot of grid services where you do have a lot of incentives simply for using the battery and helping the grid out, especially during summer. And Massachusetts is an example, the Duke PowerPair program is an example. So you're generally right, though. In the NEM world, a battery -- the grid is the battery. Therefore, when people add a battery, they really need it for some kind of security, emotional security. That's why it is with backup for most places in the US. In California, it is a function of rates, it's not NEM any longer, it's NEM 3. And therefore, there it makes sense. It's a pure economics game there in California. So grid-tied batteries make a lot of sense there. Market share -- coming to the market share, I don't know the answer to that, but I would say the market share between outside California as well as in California is probably equivalent.
Badri Kothandaraman: Well, the batteries have an opposite problem. I'm very tight on batteries. And I can tell you that the weeks on hand in the US is less than eight weeks. And that's a good problem for us to have. We do need to make sure the installers have enough inventory. We're always going to stay in the guardrail of eight to 10 weeks in general. That's where we'd like to get to. But the batteries are very tight right now in the channel, meaning the channel is, I would say, short of batteries.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. Number one question -- first question is, right now, our guidance doesn't comprehend any domestic content for Q3, but you're right, it could be that, some of them may use what is already available. I don't know, but our guidance doesn't comprehend that yet. For Q4 all of our competitors will probably come with their own domestic content. So we need to continue to offer right value to our customers. And for us, the way we see it is MLPE we have the opportunity to climb up in domestic content quite a bit by making sure our enclosures are also made in the US. And so that can take us to a good number where you only need less percentage from racking or elsewhere. So we're focused on getting that out by the end of Q3 and early Q4, and then we expect the demand to go up there.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. I mean, look, I gave you a global number. A global number is healthy is what I gave you. Of course, if I start giving you country by country, there will be some variability. I also mentioned that the batteries is a good problem that we are trying to fix, which means, I mean, it's not a good problem for customers. It is we got to fix it to make sure that the channel has enough inventory. But we are focused on that eight to ten weeks. Some regions might have close to eight weeks, some regions might have close to ten weeks. We are focused on that range. We will never allow that to exceed that range. We have statistical process controls in place where we talk about it, and we actually will not ship more into the channel. So, like what I said, we've normalized the channel on a global basis and we plan to keep it that way. That is why going forward, we will not be talking about cell.
Badri Kothandaraman: We don't really give numbers there, but we are talking about Q3 bookings, not Q2. Q3 bookings are over 85% and that's a healthy number. And that too after considering some puts and takes and considering the risk number is a good number, we do not have the visibility for Q4 right now because our lead time is of the order of eight weeks. So by definition, distributors will only book within that lead time.
Badri Kothandaraman: No, I think, the key is, you need to understand in Europe every country, the dynamic. And for us, like what I said, I probably said it five times already in the call. We are underpenetrated in Europe. We are very strong in Netherlands, strong in France. We are strong in Germany. I gave detailed color on those markets. We are managing inventory well with our distributors and installers. We have a lot of opportunities in other countries where we are not -- where we are under-penetrated. And we are introducing new products there. So for us, we are still into learning about Europe and penetrating into Europe. So we have a lot more market left. Like, for example, we just introduced our balcony solar for Germany. And installers love that because they don't have access to a high-quality solution like that. Now they have access, and we can take that to every country. The three-phase battery, for example, same deal. The IQ EV charger. You see, I was, like what I said, when I went to Switzerland and Austria -- actually Switzerland, very interesting. They are willing to pay a very high price for their EV charger. And they just want deep integration, smart EV charger, integrate that with solar plus storage plus EV charger with software and manage heat pumps. We need to get better at all of that, but that's the opportunity for us, and every market is unique. We have to be -- our strength is to work with a long-tail installer. We are not in the utility scale. And like some of the news that you heard, we are not yet in large scale commercial. We are scratching the surface on small commercial, but we are firmly implanted on the residential side. On the residential side, our strengths are supporting all of the installers, managing inventory tightly, helping our distribution partners and growing cities. That's why our sell-through in Europe we talked about -- sell-through was up 3% from Q1 to Q2. Netherlands was down 15%. But France was flat, Germany was up 7%, and you had a bunch of growing countries which weren't present before. So long answer, but we are very optimistic there about all of these countries and our plans to introduce robust solutions to each other.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. I mean, on IQ9, we think it will be in the second half of the year and not too much beyond Q2 though. That's what we think. And then, on the other one, pricing comment, no, we are not planning to do. We don't have any plans today to change our pricing.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. I mean, look, we have done the same thing for six years or seven years, our strategy is no different. We have something called -- we do have special pricing adjustments based upon installers, their volume -- value that we provide. So there isn't anything extraordinary we are planning to do. At the end of the day, Enphase products need to add value compared to the next best alternative, and we are focused on that. The moment we feel we don't add value, we will take the appropriate action. But at this point in time, there is nothing very different going on between the US and Europe. The pricing situation is relatively stable in my opinion.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. To answer, we are a little late on the battery manufacturing. We only expect it to begin in Q4, and that is because we are doing -- we are changing our approach on -- due to the domestic content guidance from the treasury, there are a few more things we have to manufacture in the US. They're already going to do power conversion, battery management in the US. We need to pull in the enclosure and the chassis also, which we are working on. So that's going to take us to the fourth quarter. And regarding your question on the $30 million to $33 million, yes, it includes IQ8P, true, and it does not include -- I mean it does include the microinverters for the batteries as well.
Badri Kothandaraman: I mean, you're seeing it already. This is the impact it is having. Our Europe numbers were flat from Q1 to Q2 and the sell-through was only up by 3%, but there is an opportunity here. While Q3 will still be seasonally weak, there is an opportunity to turn Netherlands into having a very high battery attach. And that is what we are working on. We do have several hundred thousand homes in Netherlands as an installed base. And we just introduced Solargraf software platform. We're going to be working with installers to help them sell this to consumers better at the kitchen table because right now, consumers are little stooped on the exact regulatory uncertainty. They don't know when NEM is going to go. They're worried about penalties from the energy providers. We can take care of penalties by doing intelligent things like with the IQ software -- IQ energy management. For example, you'll find this in our investor deck now. But when you -- let's say, for example, when there is excess energy that the grid has and it doesn't mean any more solar, it can provide an intelligent signal or a day ahead tariff, that's called as negative tariff. Negative tariff means that you don't produce PV, you actually are paid to consume and charge your battery. You're paid to consume power. You don't export PV, you curtail PV. And business models like that are going to come. Many of the utilities would want some of that capability because many times, they are losing several millions of dollars dealing with this imbalance. We do have a unique opportunity to assist there because we have a nice installed base. We can add a 5-kilowatt hour battery and we can assist there. So I think Netherlands will -- it might remain weak for some time, but I clearly see good potential, actually enormous potential batteries in that market. And I talked about other regions as well, and we have several new products for the region, the IQ EV charger, Balcony Solar, three-phase battery, Solargraf everywhere. So we're going to be introducing a lot of products into Europe.
Badri Kothandaraman: Yeah. I think we talked about it, but let me clarify. Gross margin on batteries is, we don't really break the gross margin between batteries and inverters. But our battery margins are doing healthy. Cell pack pricing is coming down rapidly. Our serviceability is increasing, that means service costs, warranty costs are going down. Then we will we have some benefit from the IRA where we make microinverters for the batteries in the U.S. So those three contribute towards very good GM, improving GM on the battery sequentially quarter-over-quarter. And then, we do have architecturally fourth generation battery, where we are cutting down the form factor by doing some deep integration of battery management and power conversion, and we are cutting the number of goods on that from the third generation to the fourth generation significantly. And so that one also helps us architecturally. So that will continuously improve our gross margin. And then, to answer the other question, we cannot name who is the other 50%. But that 50% attach for Enphase to NEM 3.0 solar systems has remained steady, like what I reported in the last two or three quarters. It's been steady, and I cannot confirm the rival names. I can say one thing. Our plan is to -- we talked about our plans. Today, we are 70% -- over 70% of those installations are grid tied, and we are going to be introducing a brand-new battery, meter collar and an enhanced system controller. The battery will be 10-kilowatt hours. So that means the modularity will be 10-kilowatt hours and not 5. Also the battery will have a neutral in it, which means that we are eliminating the system controller in fewer boxes. And we are enhancing the combiner to have a lot of bells and whistles. So the installer feedback is taken and they can connect even EV chargers, it's just enhanced functionality there. So I think we are well on our way there. We expect to introduce our fourth generation system, which is the battery, the collar, enhanced combiner in the first quarter of 2025, and we expect that to do well.
Badri Kothandaraman: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support of Enphase. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
