Evan Greenberg: Yes. No. David, as you know, we don't give forward guidance really. And I gave you a little flash, but I'm not going to go further than that. I was pretty clear, I expect the trend you see in pricing, and I expect the trend you see in sort of pattern and growth to continue. And you got a sense of P&C lines growing and you got a sense of professional or financial lines. And beyond that, it's not simply about North America and look at the company globally, and frankly, look at the International P&C and I expect the pattern to continue, look at consumer lines, and I expect the pattern to continue. Look at life, and I expect the pattern to continue. Investment income, and I expect the pattern to continue.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. And I talked about this, you're right in the letter and on previous calls, and that is like so many businesses. If you take a bigger picture view of it, insurance and among other financial companies and nonfinancial, we're coming out of a -- and have come out of a period of very low inflation. Zero cost of money fundamentally are overwhelmed by liquidity. And in the low inflation environment, you don't have to be necessarily as insightful on loss cost any -- at a particular moment in time, lag has less of an impact on you. You have to watch it very carefully, and we always -- but the time element of date of when of data when you get it, you could be a little more relaxed. It's a quarter old -- two quarters old, less important. In an inflationary environment, which we experienced and began while ago, that's a killer. And for those of us who've experienced inflation at time values can mean everything in accuracy. And that's where we really immediately when we saw it jumped on it and measured that time lag in data, which you have to get to the source of input when you're looking at inflation, whether it's on the physical side of when a repair is actually occurring to an automobile or a home or it's on the liability side very quickly in the development of that. You have to be on top of the trend and you really have to unpack severity from frequency and then you had the impact of COVID on frequency. So -- and then you add to that the tools we have available terms of external data and the use of it and our ability to manipulate and use data internal and external more insightfully and more quickly. You add the capabilities and analytics of this organization with claims and actuarial and underwriting together, and I think it's a competitive weapon and advantage particularly the speed at which we can react. And I think any modern financial organization that distinguishes itself. That's part of the action.
Evan Greenberg: No, no material change. And we obviously aren't going to -- as you can appreciate, I'm not going to discuss our own reinsurance program. That's for our own protections, that's proprietary. But our retentions have not changed in any material way. And we've got a big balance sheet. We take a lot of risk net. And we really don't buy reinsurance for earnings protection so much. We buy it for -- more for balance sheet protection. And depending on the line of business volatility and that's been a steady policy of ours and we maintain it regardless of cycle.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think it's a little bit of a mixed bag. Property, certainly and short tail certainly responding. I think in larger account business, responding a little better than in middle market, though middle market has a stability to it. It's more in P&C lines. I think that financial lines, certain areas of financial lines, it's -- and so in those areas, I generally like the tone. We're seeing excess casualty, particularly in larger comp business respond. I'm imagining in time, middle market will need to and will. So rate is pretty -- our rates are increasing there. When I look at professional lines, and you have to unpack it between financial lines between professional liability and there are all kinds of classes in D&O, both private and public D&O. I think public D&O market, there are a lot of players with no data and no experience and they're receiving many of them capacity by those who don't seem to have their eye on the ball. And there's an area where I think the market is overshooting the mark and of course we'll always trade in that case, volume for and under the right underwriting. And it's not an area that I think is devoid of risk, particularly as you look forward, everything from recession and volatility in financial markets to climate change and claims of greenwashing and all of that. So it doesn't that -- and that's just a line on the margin. So it's a mixed bag. Comp is overall experience is good. Exposure is growing. And on the other hand, you got to be careful on exposure because wages are rising. That means indemnity, severity, prize and I've said it before, I point the market could shoot the market comps. So you got to be a little cautious. But overall, in direction, you see the direction in P&C lines. And I think that direction is a tone that will continue and a pattern that I expect will continue.
Evan Greenberg: What you said overall. And so that's overall. And then -- and so I'm happy to answer overall. And by the way, I said to you 10% growth in P&C lines. And I said financial lines, professional lines, financial lines in aggregate down. So I think in areas where we like the pricing, you're seeing the business grow And I'll leave it at that. I'm not going to go deeper than that. I think I gave -- I just gave what investors need to know.
Evan Greenberg: No. The expense ratio, you'll know -- was up because pension expenses -- fundamentally is pension expenses with the rise in interest rates that picked up. And that's just -- that's something that you can't control really. It's just -- it's an accounting adjustment for future pension costs on. We have a defined benefit pension plan that's closed for many years, it was legacy Chubb that had that and so that's the impact. That's all.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, reasonable. You'll note the pattern of expense ratio. It's usually a little higher this quarter than in future quarters when I look at it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'll just take the last part first. As you know, the egg is scrambled now. And so we don't really spike that part out. But look, I'm -- I am energized by what I see in Asia and what we have bubbling. And by the way, I'm going to do third quarter earnings from Asia. I'm going to do it from Singapore because I'm going to spend six or seven weeks out there. The integration is going so well. And we're so energized by what we see in the power of the organization with the two parts pulled together. The integration has gone extremely well. And of course, all the efficiencies, that's the easy part in a sense, that's all right on target. But it's the -- growth and the breadth of capability, our direct marketing business. We're the largest direct marketers of insurance in Asia. There's not a doubt to me, both through telemarketing, through digital, life and non-life, the breadth of product there. The number of partnerships that we have between the organizations and the compelling offering, given the breadth and the ability of our life and nonlife together, work together like one organization. No one else really has that. The customer database we have between the companies that numbers in the millions of customers to cross-market and cross-sell to that we're just actively doing through telemarketing and digital. The growth of our agency organization, whether it's in Korea through independent life agency distribution or in places like Thailand and Vietnam with tens of thousands of agents that are growing. When I look across Korea, Thailand, Indonesia, Taiwan, even Hong Kong, that's small, but the combination of the two and growth is accelerating in these areas, the number of partnerships that we have. So when I add it all together, I feel really good about what we have as franchise and capability and the potential of it over time. And by the way, a lot of the same features I see in Latin America, a much smaller region just the geography and the size of economies. But wow, it's excellent. And then by the way, I'm sure you noticed that in the quarter, Europe grew 10%. That's 40% of their business renews in the year and they do in the year, and they grew at 10%. So it's really broad-based, and I like what I see.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'll touch on it a little bit. ChatGPT is generalized AI, which is text-based analytics and deep thinking. We use other kinds of AI, deep learning, and others beyond that, that are numbers-based, math-based as well. We've been experimenting in the use of various forms of AI is the point against different areas of our business, depending on the kind of opportunity or problem or enhancement of power that we're trying to address from underwriting and insight in risk cohorts to claims to -- cut to marketing and analytics for customer interface and customer service or telemarketing. And we've been doing this for the last five years. We have a variety of use cases that have proven themselves out. And we continue to iterate with it. We have a lot of data, and we have an ability to enhance that data with external data. It's not simply about AI tools. It's about data and your ability with that. So therefore, you keep pulling a string in your data infrastructure becomes so important. And data engineering becomes so important because it's a fuel that AI needs to feed on itself in all its varieties to become insightful and powerful to you. And in most cases, it's not going to replace our highest skilled knowledge workers. We won't do that for quite a while. But it certainly enhances the abilities and the capability. I'm not worried about my job. It certainly enhances their capabilities. And now we're in the dawn of the period where we use these tools at scale. And the things that we have built and experimented with, the momentum builds and they start rolling out at scale. And that means insight. That means speed, that means accuracy, that means cost, that means momentum. And think of that in terms of a number of years, it's not months.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. No, you're correct. We're -- we got a finite balance sheet. We can't take infinite amount of risk. And we like the risk reward and the total opportunity. On the primary side, we're much more biased on the primary side than we are on the cat REIT side. And so that is correct. So our cat REIT and CAD and property excess and property quota share business. So not just straight cat REIT. Those are areas where we're taking more exposure. But -- you're right, overwhelmingly, when we look at the market and the risk reward, we're more primary oriented.
Evan Greenberg: No. You -- frankly, we disclose our net to gross. And you see that's pretty steady. And we manage -- we measure both, and we use both gross and net for different reasons, different purposes. When I'm going to manage the balance sheet, it's net. When I'm going to look at marketing and swinging a stick on our capacity, et cetera, it's growth. It's a much more complicated answer -- question, but it's when you get to operating but it's both.
Evan Greenberg: It has more volatility to it because of risk management business and certain kinds of businesses that have a gross line component to it. But in that case, I'm driven an ROI and all our discussion when we look at stick to the bones is on the net basis.
Evan Greenberg: Look frequency of loss and casualty is just has been on March where it's rising and reverting to the mean of pre-COVID. It varies by line of business in some lines of business, the frequency of loss is still below pre-COVID and some others, it has reverted to pre-COVID trend. So it varies. And -- but overall, frequency has been increasing, and that's a proxy that -- and that's been going for a while. So that's a little bit of yesterday's news that the courts -- they've been reopened over a year or so. There you go. And the lawyers are all active.
Evan Greenberg: It's -- I gave you a feeling of a forward view that I would expect it to be no less than that. And then I gave you a breakdown to the 7.6% that was 11% in P&C lines and was negative in financial lines.
Evan Greenberg: And remember, I gave you, I gave you P&C growth versus financial lines growth. And I didn't give you any more than -- I'm not going to go deeper than that. And then I gave you rate and trend and you have renewal retention rate, I gave you that. New business varied by area. So the -- is there anything more to it really? Not really. Now in property, and I should say this to you, as you ask it. In property where you see the rate, rate includes -- because we can measure it so accurately. The change in terms and conditions, so of deductible changes, that's worth rate. And so you could exceed this exposure actually go down there. And if you're following me. Done so, that also when you want to roll around math in your brain that may help you a little bit.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The terms and conditions, there's a lot of noise in particular, it's around cat exposure and war and definitions of war or I think war is a misnomer. It's hostile actions by nation states. And that would be more of the term and conditions of what's going on. But beyond that, the cyber loss environment is not benign. Ransomware frequency of loss and severity is picking up, it was temporarily down. Cyber pricing and underwriting has responded to the external environment, I think, reasonably well. And if it maintains discipline, then I'm not concerned. But I would assume that all cyber underwriters see what we see in terms of the loss environment, and you're going to be aware of it. But other than that, it's -- I think, reasonably disciplined in underwriting and pricing.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First, I want to take a step back on that and say, Asia is on my mind. It's not simply the life business. Half of the business is P&C, that is robust. Asia itself, I don't hold me in the number. I have it in my head, but it's roughly a $10 billion region for us. Important, it's massive, region and scale. It's the greatest -- it has the greatest growth potential economically. I think, of any region in the world over the next decade, two decades. So it has a volatility to it, naturally. India, China, Southeast Asia, the dynamism of developed Asia, Korea, Japan. It's just -- it's massive. Australia is part of Asia to us, back to the Australians. And it's non-life and life. And I look at it as one organization, it's Chubb. The way they work together is awesome. We began our life business about a decade -- I began it over a decade ago. I mean, heck, I was pounding on the door of Vietnam to get one of the few life licenses they gave out in 2002. 2003, I was banging on that door. And we've been at it since growing organically and then through acquisition and the Cigna just turbocharged it. At the same time in our non-life business. We are growing from dust and A&H business that could have been incubated in a life company or a nonlife company. Cigna's to a large degree A&H business. Our Life business is a combination of agency distribution on direct marketing and the direct marketing is non-life and life. And the life products themselves are much more back to the future. It's because Asia is different and their traditional life products that have much better ROE characteristics to them. They have very low guarantees. They have traditional savings. They have a lot of risk element to them that we like, A&H, in particular, whether it's dread disease or hospital cash. Very limited basic medical. The customer buys along with savings and savings rates are high in Asia. You have a very young population. The youngest in the world and a growing labor force. And it's combined with a very family-oriented culture and ethic and that drives long-term savings. And you have low social safety net. And so private insurance means more. That all plays to life and to non-life. And frankly, operating my office from there and I'm going to be out of both Hong Kong and Singapore is simply there is such opportunity, and I travel back and forth have for decades a few times a year, but this is just to be more insightful and deeper about it in terms of strategy as we go forward. And my colleagues, many of them will do the same -- global company.
Peter Enns: Yes. We typically don't -- we have not disclosed Huatai's earnings specifically. We'll have more comments after it closes and we consolidate it. And what I've said historically is it won't have a material impact on a net basis to us in terms of earnings.
Peter Enns: Alex, the way I would think about it is, and you pointed out between Cigna coming online purchase gap and LDTI, there's been movement in the numbers. The first quarter of this year, things are settling and we think are representative of a run rate going forward.
Peter Enns: Very -- it was minor in terms of its impact that the loss ratio down expense ratio up. That's what happens with it. But very, very minor. You can measure it at 10%.
