Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. In the quarter investment income of $549 million benefited from our strong cash flow, private equity distributions and call activity from our corporate bonds. Year-to-date cash flow has essentially offset the impact of FX on our cash invested assets, which are down $140 million on a reported basis and up $1.2 billion in constant dollars. Our average new money rate is 2.9%, versus our current book yield of 3.6%. For the past 12 months, our operating cash flow was $4 billion. As I said on previous calls, our strong cash flow has offset the impact of lower reinvestment rates and we expect this trend to continue. Our cash flow for the third quarter was $808 million. There are number of factors that impact the variability in investment income including the level of interest rates, prepayment speeds on our mortgages, corporate bond call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. We currently expect our quarterly investment income run rate to be $540 million. Net realized and unrealized losses were $1.16 billion after-tax. This included losses of $309 million in our investment portfolio, primarily due to widening of credit spreads on our corporate bonds, a $313 million loss from the mark-to-market impact on our variable annuity reinsurance business, and a $548 million impact on book value from foreign exchange. FX impacted tangible book by $345 million. Our investments remain in an unrealized gain position of $1.3 billion after-tax. Since September 30, we have recovered a substantial portion of these marks almost $450 million, including a positive mark on investment portfolio of $200 million. Our net loss reserves were up to $212 million adjusted for foreign exchange and our paid-to-incurred ratio was 94%. We had positive prior period development of $210 million pre-tax, with about one-quarter from short-tail lines and three-quarter recorded from long-tail lines from accident years 2010 and prior. This included $76 million of adverse development for legacy environmental liability exposures in our Brandywine run-off of operation, which is included in our North American segment. As a reminder, we conduct our environmental review in the third quarter and our asbestos review in the fourth. The prior period development also included the positive impact from the release of $79 million from an individual legacy liability case reserve in our Overseas General and Global Re segments. Pre-tax catastrophe losses of $72 million came from a number of worldwide investments and events, including $22 million from the explosion in Tianjin, $5 billion from the Chile earthquake and the balance of other events, including U.S. flooding and Asian typhoons. In the quarter the Fireman's Fund business made a one-time contribution of three-quarters of a point to the improvement in the combined ratio due to the underwriting gain from the portfolio assumption. However, note the Fireman's Fund contributed only $20 million to operating income with underwriting gain substantially offset by purchase accounting. On the other hand, foreign exchange negatively impacted operating income by $36 million. As you can see on page 4 of the supplement, our A&H constant dollar operating income was down $6 million compared to last year's quarter. We had positive reserve development of $8 million in last year’s quarter and negative development of $5 million this quarter. Excluding development, earnings growth was 6.1%. This business continues to perform very well. Also on page four of the supplement, you will see life operating income is down $8 million. This is principally due to the runoff of the VA reinsurance book. We are finalizing our plans for our $5.3 billion debt issuance in connection with the Chubb acquisition. We will make an announcement in the near future. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Phil Bancroft: Yes. What we’ve said is that for '16 we expect no buybacks and when it gets to '17, we will let you know, right. We will see how the capital develops and we will make that decision as we go into '17 historically.
Phil Bancroft: That’s the way we planned it, right. We said that we don’t expect to see -- we don’t expect what we haven’t built into our plans any changes to the reinsurance. As you know that our view has been this deal stands up without that and so that’s the way we’re going forward.
Phil Bancroft: No, we are not going any further with that line of thinking, but if you want to elaborate on why you think there is that opportunity, we’re listening.
Phil Bancroft: I don’t know enough yet, I can tell you one thing that what I -- they are thoughtful underwriters, thoughtful leaders, that way and how they think about their domain and their business, and we have seen that. And they have been very, they are thoughtful and how they manage claims and a lot of expertise. I doubt we are going lend a lot of benefit to their fundamental underwriting thinking. I think there will be colleagues and it will be on the margin that we will each find it. I think some of our rigors and process around enterprise risk management, and how we think about it and how we think about concentrations of exposure, and how we think about using our own capital and industry capital to manage that. I think they will -- I think that putting the two together we will gain from that. I think we will both gain from the insights overtime. It’s not like throw the switch into the data and analytics of the two of us in that regard. I think that ACE, Chubb has deep distribution knowledge and experience in agency that will help us, help ACE. On the other side of the coin ACE has very broad distribution capabilities and experience in other channels of distribution, including direct response and we have technology in those areas that I think will overtime we will mix and match for each other, and help improve our overall distribution management.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks Kevin. Cliff, what I would say really to start is a couple of things. I would reinforce the fact that our premium retention is running at roughly around 87%, which is really better than the expectations then we had when we did this deal. Secondly, and as Evan mentioned, when we look at the total return aspect of the underwriting income from this business, it is also running better than what we expected. I think in the six or so months as we close this deal back on April 1st, we've been able to successfully integrate over 500 new colleagues from the Fireman's Fund. We are very pleased with the talent and the skill that they have brought. We’ve created two new centers one in O'Fallon, Missouri and one in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, that are really deepened our ability to provide even better claim service, even better operation servicing capabilities to our customers. In addition to that, we have also on-boarded about 357 new Fireman's Fund agents that were not appointed with ACE prior to all of this. Those agents were associated with roughly over 400 storefronts and that has generated some of the very positive momentum we're seeing in the quarter from a new business standpoint as well. So all of that so far so good. We have received tremendous support from our distribution, both the fund distribution, as well as the ACE distribution and all of this, and is frankly, one of the reasons why we are seeing the retention rates where they are. Regarding the business that that we are not retaining, as Evan pointed out, there is really a couple of specific reasons for that. One of those is really some of that business is not meet our target client strategy, meaning that it’s truly not high net worth business, so we are doing some selective re-underwriting their. I would say second category is business that we don't believe is adequately priced for the exposure particularly in some cap prone area. So, therefore, you see some of the business that we are not retaining, which again, all of that has been built into our models and really has been contemplated into financials.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s going to continue. It’s going to continue for a period of time. We have a mix of business change and we do have selectively in that mix of business more reinsurance and the biggest impact to all of that has to do with Fireman's Fund business that we picked up.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you see current accident, there is -- you see current accident year ex cat. So you understand how it looks without cat losses within it. We told you that there was some improvement due to the Fireman's Fund and when you adjust for that you can see how the loss ratio is very stable on year-to-year.
Evan Greenberg: I’ll let you know, let me just say one thing is you know what’s, it’s up a little bit, that’s a combination on one hand, you got price and trend and on another hand, you got mix changes and I do expect overtime, all things equal. You expect the loss ratios to rise a bit.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. No. I am not going to talk much about it, the only thing I tell you is, I think in your mind you linked Novato, California with San Francisco, California linked Fireman's Fund and CoverHound, because we didn't put any linkage, but there is no linkage between Fireman's Fund and CoverHound. We are not doing any personal lines business with CoverHound and we have -- we really have no plans to. We like CoverHound. We like what we see in terms of their technology and their development and their algorithms to match customer to the right insurer. And they’re very thoughtful people and stay tuned as to what more over time we may do with CoverHound.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. That’s a really -- that’s a good question. And we look at that over time. The international life business was in a loss making position because it was green field and we were continuing to invest to grow it to build it because building distribution, agency distribution is costly. So we kept plowing into it. And it crossed over last year, this year into a positive earnings position. Its earnings over the next year, two and three will accelerate significantly and will overcome that number. Our projections are over the next five years so it has to happen year-by-year but that it will be a meaningful -- international life will become a meaningful contributor to ACE’s earnings.
Evan Greenberg: To be meaningful in ACE, it has to have 100 -- it has to be in the 100 -- you have to have hundreds of millions to be meaningful to ACE.
Evan Greenberg: No, not that much, very little. As we look at it, I think, you got it partially right. I mean, we look at it this way. Chubb is so strong in middle-market and small customer professional lines business. And there, of course, it's not shared and layered business, you're right in it, ground-up. In the shared and layered, the large account business, ACE is a very meaningful primary writer, as well as an excess writer, as well as an individual DIC writer, which is major on site A coverage, Chubb, as well writes in the large account space. We don't see an overlap by the way when we -- to the degree we are able to look at our concentrations of customer. We don't see an overlap that gives us concern and we don't see an overlap of significance.
Evan Greenberg: The franchise balanced between the two, one is more large account brokerage oriented, one is more agency and middle-market oriented, though they’re both in each of the space that way and it’s just going to enhance it.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I’m not putting out a long-term growth target but I’m going to give you a picture. And I appreciate the horizon you are taking of 5, 10 years and ideal just within the five year period right now. We are already putting together teams to focus on what we see as meaningful growth opportunities, target opportunities. Chubb has approximately 4,500 agents in the United States because of the deep relationship with it. Chubb has industry verticals in the middle-market with deep product capability based on insights they have into those customers cohort. They have done a lot of study and a lot of work on, very thoughtful. Our ability to add and we can see it a middle-market oriented specialty products to the Chubb core portfolio to enhance industry verticals, grow them to enhance general market customer. Those customers in many instances in the products were contemplating together were already buying those products. And in many cases, those agents are already selling those products. It is not doing it for Chubb or that agent is not selling it to that customer, someone else is. And we see a whole lineup of that on one hand. Number two, the small commercial space is an area of very big marketplace, and it's an area that ACE’s has been endeavoring along in a specialty way. Chubb has been contemplating, and Chubb brings traditional product capability that ACE doesn't have. ACE brings specialty product capability and some technology that Chubb doesn't have. And Chubb bring distribution that is awesome to be able to move into that space. We see a very large opportunity that way. And two other things on the U.S., when we think about it. In the upper middle-market area, ACE doesn't have a good traditional product offering in commercial auto and risk transfer comp. Chubb brings us capability in that area that will enhance our presence. Now, you have to be mindful of underwriting cycle and sometimes it will be a greater opportunity than others and it is one of the death valleys that are a few of them of the insurance industry, so we have to be very careful. I make those comments, so you understand we are well informed about all that, we are underwriters. But that is a real opportunity for us to begin tiptoeing into. In the personal lines area, stay tuned. That’s a $41 billion, we can tell marketplace and we’ll have between us somewhere around $5 billion of that. There are a lot of customers out there who are not buying high net worth product, though they have the need of the coverage’s and the services that are provided. It’s a long-term to grow that and get them out of the traditional writers that they are with, into something, into a product that more meets their needs and they are not really price conscious. They just don’t focus on it. But the stay tuned is also about masterpieces. It’s been a leader in the industry, in that industry. It really set the course. And it maybe time in a reasonable period of time to reveal masterpiece 2.0 and that's on our radar screen. When you get internationally, ACE has endeavored along both in brokerage and agency distribution as you know. We've grown both large commercial and we have grown middle-market commercial business on the continent in the U.K., modestly in those and in Latin America and Asia. Chubb colleagues that we will be adding bring us a lot more capability to add resource and industry verticals and product to our distribution on and to our -- and to bring enhanced distribution and to enhance our presence in that market. And we see it in a meaningful way and there are three or four or five countries right now on our radar screen that were building plans to move into. So I think the growth will start to show. You know, it takes time to put in place. I think it will find a way, without gaining it in anyway to reveal to show you the progress. It won’t be right away. And -- but I think over the medium term, you look out couple of years, you’re going to see meaningful additional revenue streams that the two of us as one company will be able to get that the two of us independently would never get. And over five years, I think it’s going to be very meaningful revenue that will throw off we’re underwriters, we’re looking for margin. It will throw off meaningful margin.
Evan Greenberg: I can't point with specificity to what I -- knowing what the failures are. I don’t know them intimately of others. I can give you my own sense of it though. And that is that somehow you make a large acquisition and when it closes, it's like victory. I did it, we’re done. Frankly, from the day we announced or I should say the day after we announced it, we dove right into what it’s going to take to integrate with deepened integration planning. Really it is about detail. It’s about understanding and causing all your colleagues to understand and everyone to conceptualize and then bring it down to a fundamental day-to-day action plan that you can execute, what are your expectations as to the true resource required, what is the organizational structure look like and who are the right people for it. And what is the right cost to improve that kind of a business or that kind of a service organization. And it has been and it is a drains-up exercise that we are going through. You want to get it done reasonably quickly. You can't linger on it where you’re internally focused too much. And then you got to get on from the day you close with the implementation of it. And you can't lose your appetite or your passion for the detail of it. And we’re looking at the detail all the time. And everyone is as we plan it and we know we've got short time so we have to begin executing. And that execution takes time. And it takes you -- when you run the cycle, it takes you two years to get -- to get other than mop up done. And you have been -- you have to be relentless. You can't lose your focus. You can't get bored with it. You got to know what has to happen and you've got -- and it takes leadership to lead people. It’s a long march and you’ve got to lead them from the beginning to the very end and you got to be intimate with it. And at the same time, you've got to -- you've got to in parallel well, create for your organization the vision of why you're doing it because you're doing it for the greater good, you're doing for the efficiency, you're doing it to be competitive, you’re doing it so you can invest and you’ve got to leading to it and show it because in parallel, you've got to move on growth opportunities and show the positive. At the same time, you're working on what is a difficult process of integration. And it takes a wide bench of managers and the managers or the team that has to leave it. And that team is inclusive. It's not we and they. Very quickly it is not ACE and Chubb, it is just Chubb. And it is all of us and it's getting people’s mental mind around that that you are -- that that’s what you’re doing with, we are all colleagues, let’s just get it done together. That’s the whole deal.
Evan Greenberg: You can’t see on that. How about when we get close to that target, well the advice was about the other projects.
Evan Greenberg: I think you -- Sara, I think you are not thinking of it the right way, not the way we think about it. We don’t do internal reinsurance for tax planning purposes and we never have. We do it for capital management purposes and we do it around how we manage our risk exposures and where we pool capital and therefore, pool risk so that we can manage volatility and we can manage our capital exposures that are spread around the world to be able to take the risks we take locally. So if you think that way about it and you put your head around that, I think then that leads you to a whole other line of thinking and I think you then understand why we are not going to expand on that on the call.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think the A&H, we had a positive prior period development last year and so we just can’t project reserve development. This year, 6 million bucks, it was noise and there's nothing systemic and it was in a portfolio where we just saw that it’s quite profitable portfolio. But the loss ratio was running a little bit higher in there than we had estimated. And so we adjusted for it and just raised it.
Evan Greenberg: I have to tell you, the more we get in and look, and the more we work together, the more in my mind and I think in mind of my colleagues and I believe in the mind of our Chubb colleagues, those who've been working together. The cultural differences, there are far more cultural similarities than cultural differences. And I think the differences have to do a lot with simply speed and have to do with -- in some areas, what we consider what management responsibilities or supervisory level response plays, how broad are your responsibilities. I don't think -- I think what’s so similar is our striving to execute with excellence. Our striving -- we both put a lot of pride on technical excellence, whether it is in underwriting or in claims, or in product, or an actuarial or an accounting. I think you find -- and that’s one of the things we are seeing. Each one comes to the table and has sniffed the other one out as to, how are you about, how detailed are you and how deeply do you think about it. And I think we find that the similarities are gratifying. When we listen to each other's objectives and what you concentrate on and focus on to execute your plans, what's important to you. Speaking very similar ways, when we think about opportunities, we see it in a similar way. Chubb is an older company and has some of the attributes that we admire of an older company that is more mature in some ways in its processes and capabilities. I shout out -- I shout out claims to some degree with more training and development and some areas like that. ACE has invested more in technology. I don’t mind saying that. As an example, we’re both deep into data analytics. Culture requires -- now to answer your question directly, it requires leadership and management to be extremely visible in the behaviors and exhibiting the behaviors that they expect of everyone else. It’s not just what you say, it's how you do it. People watch your actions and then they listen to the exact words you use, not your description of culture but how you live the culture. That is true of the senior most leadership and how we all display it. That then is emulated by the leaders of the next level and on down and it cascades. And that we are all vigilant to reinforce that is important. Yes, at the same time, we have groups working on what I’ll call the more mechanical ends of it, of language that we use in common, so that we know what each other saying of being clear of here some of the behaviors that we all admire and should accelerate, what our brand identity is together. And so we give ourselves a name of -- a meaning behind the name of Chubb. Those are all things that we’re paying attention to and that will happen here. But finally, culture is also built on shared experiences in my experience. And that is the more people work together and have shared experience together, that’s what builds a common team spirit between yourselves. That’s how you take from what starts out as a little more sterile to absolute familiarity and where people really are one because they've gone through it together and you can't short-circuit that. You can try to help it to happen and create those experiences. That will happen over time and you pay attention and you be patient about that part.
Evan Greenberg: We have to make estimates of calls and private equity distributions. And in our view, the portfolio is turning over to the new money rate even with the additional cash flow.
Evan Greenberg: It’s really -- Ian, it’s very simple. They are going to have one Chubb person call on them. I’m going to ask you a question about your homeowners insurance now. Here is your test buddy.
Evan Greenberg: And so if you’re the other statutory, if you bought from Chubb, you’re going to still have Chubb. And there is going to be one Chubb representative calling on your agent who servicing you. I hope you are going to be one of our clients.
Evan Greenberg: Or say federal, that's the only thing we’re saying, you have to distinguish the statutory, that’s it.
Evan Greenberg: What you got. You’ve had two where there has been an emotional and intellectual test year that you're concerned about us right now.
Evan Greenberg: I think it’s business as usual in what remains just a hostile environment. The liabilities are long-dated and they are in run-off, but we don't see any -- we don't see change to the environment. The legal environment has been hostile for years and that remains the mortality tables and means of longer has been baked into the thinking in that environment. You’re right that that is something we've been living with. It’s a dynamic. The plaintiffs going to more peripheral industries and defendants, whether it’s pump manufacturers or those who make flooring has been going for a number of years. So, which end up with in development is really case specific as the cases ultimately develop and settle which is claims work much more than it’s actuarial work.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. FX is just worst and that’s primarily, Asia and Latin America economically are a little slower. And you see some softness there, but that impacted us in the third quarter on the margin but marginally. It was more FX, was worse than, we took another leg down, the dollar took another leg up and you saw that. And that was not in our forecast, that was not in what we had forecasted, we did not anticipate that, that is how we would.
