Evan Greenberg: Yes. Let's see, the acquisition ratio benefits fundamentally from a mix of business change. You had consumer lines that, that as I said had a negative growth to them and they run a higher acquisition cost than commercial P&C does, and we're growing underneath, as you could see commercial P&C at a rapid clip, and it has a lower acquisition ratio. The OpEx ratio did benefit reasonably well in the quarter from COVID related shutdown, and I expect that we'll continue to receive benefit from that as we go forward in future quarters. And so overall I think the expense ratio will continue to benefit in future quarters. How much and to what degree, I'm not going to prognosticate or give guidance on.
Evan Greenberg: Commercial lines, fundamentally most classes of business in traditional property and casualty benefit to a degree and it varies by line of business from the COVID shutdown on one. On the other hand, we took a massive charge to recognize the COVID related claims that will arise, but excluding that the frequency when you take those away, the frequency and severity and most traditional lines will benefit because, and are benefiting at least to this point in time because commercial activities are down. And that would be both in the short tail lines, as well as in the long tail lines, but it varies by class. Obviously in professional lines to a lesser degree than say in general casualty or an excess casualty. And as you know, our policy has always been. We recognize bad news early and we're very slow to recognize good news. And so any of the benefit we might be seeing short-term right now for the most part from the reduction in economic activity, in the shelter in place and the lack of social activity around the world. We're very slow to recognize that and will be because we're in very uncertain times and we don't know what the future is going to bring. Secondly, what I would add is that overall through commercial P&C for the most part; we are achieving rates that are in excess of loss cost trends. And again, we're in uncertain times and we're conservative in our approach.
Evan Greenberg: No, I understand. And Elyse, I'm not going to give you much satisfaction in that question. We don't give forward guidance on that as you know, and I'm going to rest on the statement that in most commercial lines areas, we are not all, but most we are achieving rate in excess of the loss cost trend which is reasonable to achieve a proper risk adjusted return in those classes, and it is needed. As far as where the exact frequency and severity of loss is and trend is over the last number of months. It's very difficult to tell because, and we measure it typically quarterly, but at this point we measure it monthly and because of the economic shutdown, you really can't see what the actual is though it's lower. We do though price on anticipation or reversion to the mean as the economy opens back up and activity returns to normal. And I'm – I think I'm going to leave it at Elyse.
Evan Greenberg: There were, and as you know, we write LPTs virtually, most quarters it's just the amount of it varies by quarter. And this quarter we did have LPTs as we do in most quarters.
Evan Greenberg: And it was within a reasonable range of what we wrote last year in the second quarter. Last year was a pretty big quarter for LPT. This year we wrote a number of transactions as well.
Evan Greenberg: No, it's more of a – the difference this quarter, I would attribute more to a change of mix of business then – and what we wrote then, then I would to a major shift in the retention net to gross.
Evan Greenberg: As I said, Ryan, I'm not going to prognosticate future. We just don't provide guidance that way. I made a couple of comments that I think they're probably important to you. Number one, that we are achieving rate next in aggregate and excess of loss cost trend. Secondly, we are – we haven't noticed a major change in trends, but on the other hand you're masked by all of the COVID related impact. Number three, we have COVID-related benefit from the economic shutdown. Given the period of great uncertainty we're in, we are very slow and fundamentally haven't recognized good news while we took what we think is a reserve to ultimate for COVID-related losses. And so in this period of time, I think you're – and it is our policy. We were conservative in our balance sheet management. And in periods of great uncertainty puts a point on what is our normal policy directly and if there's favorable news, to recognize it in a prudent way late.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Paul, it's very early days. The U.K., for example, as you know, and you're following, I'm sure, is in a process that is very interesting where the regulator has stepped in. And to avoid, like we have in the U.S., just a free for all of lawsuits and a waste of expense and time and money, they've kind of stepped in and interacting to represent the policyholders, all of their arguments in one place before a panel of judges with the industry presenting its arguments. And that one's going to unfold, and it's a very rational process. And by the way, if you haven't followed it, I would tell you, it really is worth doing. It's admirable how they're going about it. And that will unfold over a period of time and come to a conclusion from what I – if I recollect properly, by around year-end. In other countries such as Australia, et cetera, it's bubbling. And you have a number of court cases that are just proceeding to test the veracity of the wordings that are – and better against regulation that is quite different than in the United States and then where the most activity is. And that will be on the longest, most prolonged period of time to resolve is in the United States.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. In the main, we're pretty steady about it. We buy reinsurance fundamentally to be able to provide limits of liability beyond what we're – what we want to expose our balance sheet to. We buy it for protection of volatility where it makes sense. We measure all reinsurance. So we do it for fundamental business purposes. And we buy reinsurance in a manner where we measure the risk/reward and the proper risk-adjusted pricing. That's what we're willing to pay for protection. And so those fundamental principles lead to a pretty steady approach. At the same time, obviously, when rates are not adequate to earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return, we shrink exposure as a company. When rates are adequate for – to earn a proper risk-adjusted return and may increase to a point where they justify greater volatility, we will increase our net exposures. And we do that alongside how we purchase reinsurance.
Evan Greenberg: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes, I got it. Yes, we are more active and – in our reinsurance business. It is a greater growth area for Chubb now. We have like our E&S business, particularly in London, where we have been disciplined and shrunk for a number of years because we weren't getting paid to take risk. We are getting paid more adequately to take risk in a number of classes, and that is growing by the quarter. And therefore, we're leaning into that. And our reinsurance business, from what we can tell today, will continue to expand as we go forward.
Evan Greenberg: Love to. Thank you for asking. I'm going to start with John Lupica on major and specialty, and then I'm going to have Paul Krump do middle.
Evan Greenberg: When I add in the international areas that are achieving the – that are in a similar hard market condition, it's over 50% of our premiums globally. I mean all the business, not just commercial P&C inside of our total business.
Evan Greenberg: We're not. We're actually – there is a lot of goodwill between us and customers. Look, why is this occurring? Because loss cost trends, even when they're benign, have far exceeded premium rates charged for a prolonged period of time. Rates have gone in one direction, while loss costs have continued to rise. And so industry results overall are severely elevated and many lines of business just were so inadequate in pricing, and it varied by company. If you were trying to gain market share at that time, well, you're – it's coming home to roost. And it will continue to come home to roost for a period of time. If you are more disciplined and shrunk exposure at that time, then it had less impact on you. But rates are now moving in a direction where over time, they'll achieve adequacy, and there are lines where adequacy is achieved. And there are lines where, given loss cost trends and then you have on top of that, things like social inflation that have exacerbated trends means that rates need to continue to move higher. Well, the other dynamic about all of that is that companies are pulling back and capacity is less available. Chubb is stepping up. We're offering capacity. We're consistent to our customers. We're there. We're not in and out. We've been consistently speaking to our customers that, "You know what, this is not going to last. The good times of rates going down or premiums going down is irrational and it's not going to last, and that we will remain consistent. It's the market that will wane and wax." Well, they understand and see that. And by the way, as we can get more adequately paid and as capacity is shrunk, we've actually stepped up with bigger lines and bigger solutions and more creative solutions to customers. And so we're consistent in that service in – during the shutdown period. There is no company that has been more available to dialogue and to be on the front line with customers and respond on a moment's notice globally than has Chubb. So I would actually say our reputation and our image and all of this in the goodwill with customers has been building. And yes, I understand the notion that insurance pricing is going up when all of this is going on with COVID. But that trend, which is very rational, was occurring before COVID ever began. And to deploy the capital, you've got to get paid adequately. And capital, risk capital is precious.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It had an impact on it. I can't give you an exact basis point number. It's one of those so we could probably take off-line with you. But it had on – it hadn't – we wrote LPTs fairly consistent in the neighborhood of what we wrote in aggregate last year. So we – and they have an elevated impact on it. That's all.
Evan Greenberg: I think that this kind of liability safe harbor that the Republicans are proposing as part of the bill is so important to our nation. We have – we right now confront such economic headwinds between – toggling between – trying to manage the health crisis and open up an economy. And the burden on business, all businesses throughout the United States today is extreme. To add on to them, the additional expense and burden of liability exposure when for those who are practicing the right protocols in protecting their employees and customers and then trying to open up the economy, to ascribe to them the burden of liability and cause them to be more cautious. We foist on them an additional economic expense and which ultimately benefits, frankly, one industry, and that is the legal profession, the trial bar, I think would be a travesty and a shame. And I think that is the wisdom to try to remove some of that and create certainty for business in an environment of tremendous uncertainty. And not only do we applaud it, we support it actively as a company and not for the benefit of the insurance industry, to the benefit of all of our society right now. We need to open up this economy. We need to control this health crisis better than we are and, my God, not believe that living at home and working from home is the normal – the new normal for America. That don't make any sense to me. With that, thank you very much.
Paul Newsome: And then my second question, we've seen a lot of rate increases in the reinsurance business. Has the...
Paul Newsome: I said, we've seen a lot of rate increases in the reinsurance business. I was wondering if the changing market environment had changed your view on the fairly narrow approach you take in the reinsurance business overall.
Paul Newsome: I am sorry. I was thinking more about the actual reinsurance business that you have and whether you might be interested in.
Greg Peters: Hi, good morning. Just FYI, Evan, there is a little bit of feedback that we're hearing throughout the call. So I'm not sure what's going on there, but it's – we're hearing it.
Greg Peters: Yes, yes, yes. It's coming through. It's just there's a little feedback somewhere in the system. So in your prepared remarks, you offered to have some of the other executives provide some commentary around conditions, pricing, et cetera, in the respective segments of the business. And I was wondering if you could follow through with that offer.
Greg Peters: Well, it's never enough. So if you take the – all of those businesses that were just summarized with rather robust rates, what percentage of the total premium are we talking about, just to put this in perspective because not all of your business is getting these type of rate increases.
Greg Peters: Okay. Thank you. And then obviously, it begs the question when we're hearing about the substantial rate increases. What's the commercial customer response to this because this is far exceeding inflation trends with the rest of their business and a lot of your commercial customers are experiencing pressures because of COVID and the economic slowdown or whatever you want to call it? I have to believe you're getting a lot of customer pushback, or maybe you could give us some perspective around that.
