Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We completed the year with a strong balance sheet and an excellent overall financial position with total capital of over $63 billion. Even with significant catastrophe loss payments, our operating cash flow was quite strong at $1.6 billion for the quarter and $5.5 billion for the year. During the quarter, we returned $654 million to shareholders including $336 million in dividends and $318 million in share repurchases. For the year, we returned over $2.3 billion to shareholders, equaling 54% of our earnings, including over $1.3 billion in dividends and over $1 billion in share repurchases. Also, during the year, we issued $2.2 billion of debt in the European markets, paid off $1 billion of debt that matured throughout the year, and redeemed $1 billion of hybrid securities, which together, reduced our annual interest expense run rate by approximately $47 million. Net realized and unrealized losses for the quarter were $958 million after-tax, which included $383 million of losses in the investment portfolio, reflecting the widening of credit spreads on corporate fixed income securities late in the quarter, partially offset by declining interest rates. Since December 31st, the mark-to-market gain on the portfolio is in excess of $900 million. We also had unrealized losses of $205 million related to the annual review of our retirement benefit plans and mark to market loss of $263 million on our variable annuity portfolio, principally driven by a decline in the equity markets, and $95 million loss from FX. Since December 31st, the mark on VA portfolio is a gain on $65 million. Since the Chubb acquisition, we have reduced our dilution on tangible book value per share from 29% to 9%, an improvement of 20 percentage points. Since December 31st, the dilution improved to 6%, based on market movements in the portfolio. If we had included the fair value mark on our private equity portfolio in our operating income as others do, core operating ROE for the year would have been 9.5% compared to the reported 8.7%. Our adjusted net investment income for the quarter was above our expected range due principally to higher private equity distributions and higher reinvestment rates. While there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, including interest rates and private equity distributions, we now expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to be in the range of $880 million to $890 million. We had a favorable prior period development in the quarter of $253 million pretax or $202 million after-tax. This includes pretax favorable prior period development from our legacy runoff exposures of $22 million, comprising adverse development of $108 million, principally related to asbestos, offset by a favorable reinsurance settlement of $130 million. The remaining favorable development of $231 million was split approximately 60% from long-tail lines, principally accident years 2013 and prior, and 40% from short-tail lines. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves decreased $661 million for the year, reflecting the impact of catastrophe loss payments and the impact of favorable prior period development. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 102% for the year. After adjusting for the items noted above, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 93%. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 17.1%, driven in part by catastrophe losses, which were incurred in lower tax jurisdictions, as previously disclosed. Our full-year operating effective tax rate was 14.4%, in line with our range of 13% to 15%. For 2019, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 16%. There has been a report that the tax deductibility of our intercompany debt will be affected by the provisions of the tax law that impact hybrid debt. That is not true. I’ll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Phil Bancroft: Well, I don't know what your math is; I can't comment on that. I only know how we do our own math and to imagine modeled and non-modeled loss. So, what I can’t do is on this call engage in here is my math versus your math. But, you are free to call us and tell us about your math. And while some of this we disclose, some we don't, we’ll discuss it with you.
Phil Bancroft: We were pretty clear when we talked about it in the third quarter to you that it would be something in the latter part of ‘19, we should begin to see it come through on a run rate basis, all things being equal.
Phil Bancroft: What we have said is that the impact of the excess capital on a full-year basis would strip about 0.5 point off of our ROE. So, you can do the math.
Phil Bancroft: There is two things. One is, in the past two years, we’ve had some compensated related deductions, and we don't expect them -- compensation related deductions that we don’t expect to recur. And we’re going to have lower tax exempt income. We’ve sold about $4.4 billion of our municipal bond portfolio. And as we look at the after-tax yields, we would expect that some of that will continue. Remember, that doesn’t take away from our income because our after-tax yield is going to be higher based on the judgment to sell the munies.
Phil Bancroft: It’s principally just timing, as we look at it. There is nothing specific that I would point to, it’s just going to be variable and it’s a timing issue.
Evan Greenberg: There is just variability -- there was a variability of frequency in North America larger losses in a very short period of time. I mean, it’s just a deviation, and it wasn't a huge number of losses but it has an impact. And, there is nothing we see in the underwriting that leads us to believe, and there is nothing we see in data that leads us to believe that’s trend. It’s just you can have quarter-to-quarter volatility, and we had more volatility. So, that’s what I can tell you. And beyond that, we've been -- short-tail lines need rate. And we have been achieving rate full year, actually began in ‘17, and that continues into the first quarter and that too has an ameliorating impact. And in fact, we are achieving rate that achieves or exceeds trend. So, that’s all beneficial.
Evan Greenberg: We’re constantly managing our portfolio and it’s dynamic in terms of how we protect. And so, I’m not going to give any forward-looking on that. But, that’s something that we constantly are engaged in Kai. And as far as what to expect, look, we work on longer range period than just a couple of years and looking at what's expected CAT. So, the last two years have been elevated. People have short memories. I'll remind you that the four or five years prior to that, had far lower CATs. And yet we don’t adjust the number of expected down to that; you're using a longer-term average, 10 to 15 years. The most recent years become a part of that average. And so, they reflect that experience for both modeled, and the way you project non-modeled and put a factor on that as well. And so, that's what informs how we look at CAT loss over a longer period. And so, it has more stability to the expected number. It’s just editorialize one step further to imagine that well, the last two years, now climate change has arrived and boy, this is the new normal. Well, what would you have said about the four or five years prior to that? I think, it’s simplistic thinking to imagine on that basis. I think, longer term averages have a bit more stability to them. It’s sort of like the same as looking at quarterly result variability in short-tail versus looking at the annual current accident number, which is a far more credible number.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The answer on January is, yes. But Jesus, it’s one month and hardly a credible period. And to answer your other question, it was basically fourth quarter. We saw little bit in late third quarter occur, and then it was fourth quarter. And January, sure -- but that's a fool's game. And by the way, Elyse, you’re really -- when you’re looking at something like property, and let’s keep in prospective, we write -- what, in North America about $4 billion -- sorry, about $2.4 billion of property business. So, a very large portfolio, we have a lot of experience with it. The variability quarter-to-quarter is not that unusual. Obviously, it's a short period of time. It's not that credible. The annual period is far more credible. Anyway, I think I’ve answered your questions. And please don't take one month of January, better as well; it was -- it’s a month.
Evan Greenberg: We didn’t -- and it was really a miscommunication in here. We didn't publish a CAT page but we are going to give you a CAT page and put one out to you, so you can see by CAT how it breaks down, and we're giving you the net. The gross number is not applicable really to an investor's view of the company, and that is what impacts our balance sheet and financial statement. And so, we will give you what you need for that.
Evan Greenberg: I’ll ask Paul Krump to comment on that. From my point of view, we don't see a change of any consequence in the competitive environment over the last year. It’s pretty stable that way. You get new entrants who come in and they are particularly in the mass affluent category, not the true high net worth. They don't have the coverages and the services and the capabilities to really manage that market. And when they come in, they got one thing to offer in a segment of the market that is I would say, in some ways -- it’s the price-sensitive end of the market. And in there where coverage matters or service matters less, on that one way and that’s to under price the business. But we’ve seen that for a while and it’s on the margin. But, Paul, do you want…
Evan Greenberg: And I would say this. We don’t -- we're not arrogant about it, we’re not at rest about it. It’s like everything else in the world. Service has to constantly improve; your standards of service must constantly improve. Coverages have to be constantly improved. You’ve to be able to offer more choice to customers. Some who want to buy a full boat of coverage and some who want to buy something a little later. And you’ve got to be able to do this in a digital world where the customer service and experience represents that. And the same thing with marketing and sales. And we’re continuing to iterate and crank up our capabilities in all of those areas because we think there is -- and remains a large opportunity in this marketplace.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. When you look at -- which I know you did, our investor deck and you look at growth lines, and I believe from memory, 31% on pie chart that would grow high single to double digit, you saw the accident health business as one of those areas of business. And in Asia and Latin America and in North America, in particular, the growth rate is improving in that business and will continue to improve in ‘19. And a lot of the distribution that we have, deals that we have made over the last year, including what we just announced as Banco de Chile, will directly benefit that accident and health business. And so, it is a growth area for the Company. And our objective is to increase because if it is growing at high single to double-digit, it will increase -- continue to increase as a percentage of our total business. Because it’s a specialty and a capability of ours; it’s deep in our DNA. And by the way, whether it is in the combined, in the U.S. where we reinvented in our growing, our worksite benefits businesses, it’s now $150 million premium from nothing that’s growing at serious double-digit to serving the lower middle income with -- to grab, which is the largest -- which is the Uber of Southeast Asia or DBS’s customer or Banamex’s customers or Banco de Chile or many other sponsors that we have on a direct marketing and digital basis, it’s the full boat.
Evan Greenberg: We will take that offline with you and go through that with you. I'm not sure I'm completely relating to that number, the way you’re saying it. And it would be very modest and it would be likely mixed related. But before I jump to that we’ll take that off line with you.
Evan Greenberg: A couple of things. One, the industry -- I would glue it together this way. You saw the fourth quarter growth rate. And in January, our growth relative to our own plans was good. And we were on or over or exceeded our plan in the first -- in the month of January. You don’t know our plan and we don’t disclose it. And, we got better rate in January or the same rate; it varied by line that we -- particularly in North America and in our wholesale business that we saw in the fourth quarter. And our renewal retention is good. So that implies to me the industry environment is improving as well. And you have a couple of things going on. You have not just driving for rate but you companies reacting to the loss environment, to the pressure by reducing limits in areas or competitors depends on the area withdrawing from a line of business. That starts to -- that plays with the supply-demand part of the dynamic of the market. Okay? So, you’re only thinking just in terms of rate. And that’s why it is trying to signal that there is more than that going on. But, you see our retention rates, you see our business, and yet we’re pressing for rate adequacy. Anyway, I think, that's the best way I can explain it to you.
Evan Greenberg: I wouldn't look for an improvement. What I have said is that remarkably stable. Remarkably stable rate on some of the business, particularly in short-tail is achieving or exceeding trend, which it needs to do, which is beneficial. In long-tail lines, it varies. There are many classes where rate is not keeping pace with loss cost trend. We constantly are exercising portfolio management, used reinsurance and mix, and so therefore mix of business to balance it. But, this is a risk business. And I wouldn't imagine -- and I don't imagine that you just pick a combined ratio and that's a static number. It has variability around it. And so, I would say, what you see is what you get within a reasonable range of deviation. That’s all.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You should think about it and you can see it, if you look at past years. There is a variability -- there is a little more in this quarter than it is in the recent quarters. But, you’ll have some variability by the nature of the business. It’s a risk business. So, that can just happen. Of course, we’re underwriters. And when we see a spike in something, we take a pretty close look. We want to know what an early -- what that’s telling us and is it -- is there something that is changed in our business or is it just a natural variability that you continue. But we more judge then on a longer period and at an annual period of time it’s a more stable measure obviously than one three-month period. And so, again when we look at this, we judge it from everything we can see as just a deviation around the mean, and the annual was more stable period. Look, I expect and it doesn't surprise me, given the nature of the business. It’s a risk business that you see some variability.
Evan Greenberg: Casualty? I got to tell you, I have a whole different view [multiple speakers] one-off large loss of some kind. But, if I saw a frequency or casualty, that’s a whole different story.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I don’t think that’s the right way. And we will take it offline and do some work with you about those.
Evan Greenberg: Well, we -- it benefited the Company. Look, we wanted to reduce our exposure and balance our exposure in California where we have a lot of concentration in both CAT and non- CAT modeled and non-modeled CAT. We did -- the quarter share was initially purchased for the New England states and the Northeast where we had -- we have an usual amount of concentration. We weren’t simply trying to balance CAT but the exposures of non-modeled CAT is well like, just frequency of winter losses that you had in the Northeast and the impact it could have on the total book when we put all these books together. So, it was really looking for to spread the risk of the ground up concentration, not simply a single event concentration, or the losses produced because of the concentration from a single event. And that was the reason for purchasing the Northeast quota share. And it made sense to us to extend that then to California as well. And we gave the reinsurers a better balance; they were concentrated in just one territory.
Evan Greenberg: Larry, there is -- I’m going to give you three answers. Number one, we had the runoff, if you will, of all the projects we have put in place since the merger. And those had some runoff final benefits that emerged in the year. We have a constant expense control in here. And yes, there is one-off items that benefit the expense ratio during the year. But, every year we have one-off items. They vary by quarter and that sort of thing. But, there always seems to be a number of them; it’s just the nature of the business. So, but the first two I gave you are really the enduring drivers of it. Expense ratio is part of strategy.
Evan Greenberg: It’s about stable. We haven't seen -- over the last year, we haven't seen a change in loss trend from...
Evan Greenberg: No, not -- the way you’re asking it, I want to make sure we have clarity here. What you're asking about change in loss trend, and I'm responding to change in loss trend but -- and that’s stable. But, there is a loss trend to every line of casualty. I mean, I could tell you that middle-market, our comp business, the frequency is stable, so is the loss -- the severity trend but it has a trend of calling our book of over 5 points -- 5%. So, it’s real. Excess casualty, excess casualty has a loss trend to it, whether it's major account or it’s middle-market, all casualty does. And so, loss costs go up every year. But, the trend is stable.
Evan Greenberg: No. I would say and we were just looking at it yesterday, looking month by month actuals versus expected. The frequency and severity, average severities by cause of loss, we believe they have stabilized; we’re seeing it stabilized. We're not still trying to get a handle on it. It has stabilized, we see it. And it is a clear trend we have seen for a period of time. And so, we know the target we’re shooting at.
