Evan Greenberg: Yeah. First of all, I'll answer your last part. I hardly - if I had that insight, I wouldn't be doing this job if I could read the future that way, Elyse, I would probably be in Vegas. But when I wrote my shareholder letter, it was about 2018 year, and it wasn't about the first quarter of 2019. And in 2019, in fact, in the first quarter, in total, all lines aggregated, rate on a written basis equaled loss cost trend and that is a change. The rate of increase is accelerating in short-tail and long-tail lines in the United States and in London wholesale in particular.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I didn't say they really improved. I said, they continue to improve. And I don't want to prognosticate the future. Frankly, Chubb runs a world-class combined ratio. And if we can continue to achieve rate that equals loss cost trend in areas that are adequately priced, that's brilliant. If we can achieve rate in excess of loss cost trend in those areas that need rate, because margin is not adequate, that too is the objective, and we'll how it plays out and whether it continues to accelerate. I like the tone of the market. I like what I see and what I feel. It's rational and I see what appears to be continued forward momentum.
Evan Greenberg: And that's particularly in large account and in E&S business. Middle market, I would make the same comment, but it is not at the same rate of change that I observe in large account and E&S and that is wholesome as I think I can be with you.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you're talking about a variety of classes and we don't talk about - I'm not sure we're going to answer much of your question. We don't talk about individual losses. And the net limits we retain per risk really vary by risk and by class of business. And that's not something we really disclose and talk much about. But it's all - it is all rolled up. All the experience related to loss events are all rolled up in that combined ratio you're looking at.
Evan Greenberg: Not necessarily. You don't know what risks we're on. And so, you're referring right now Boeing and then certain cyber events. And those are just individual insureds. And we're not - and some of them we're on and some of them we have modest exposures, some we have more exposure. It varies a whole lot.
Evan Greenberg: But I have to say this. There is nothing we see in losses occurring in the industry that gives us any pause about Chubb's underwriting of any of those risks.
Evan Greenberg: We do - we're underwriters, so we do post-claim underwriting reviews, when we see losses come in and we're in the business of losses. And what we really look for is are we proud of the underwriting, do we think the judgments and the appetite were correct, and the pricing was and the terms and conditions, and there's nothing in what we've seen that gives us pause.
Evan Greenberg: I do. Because - look, time will tell. But I frankly do, because this is becoming casualty driven. And remember casualty entails insurance companies, not short-tail property. And casualty, you just all casualty related, so I'm using the term in a broad way with the exception of one or two classes, rate and loss cost trends have been going in the opposite direction. And loss cost trend depending on the class and the jurisdiction have worsened in some cases, because there is more pressure, because of the things that we know. And the industry has experienced in that. And I think many are just waking up to the results that are emerging for behaviors that have occurred over a number of years. So I think this is a rational reaction and I imagine it to continue.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you have to ask them. I'm not - I really can't speculate on that, because I don't know what they know and don't know.
Evan Greenberg: We [expanding] [ph] the quota share, as we told you last quarter that has an impact on that line of business. It's not that material to the overall North America.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I think, when you look at the - it varies. When you look at something like Banco de Chile or Banamex or some of the major bank related distribution agreements we have made. Those are at the kind of business that produces is at the lower end of our combined ratio of range. By the nature of the business, its consumer business and small commercial and accident and health, et cetera. China - and we're not consolidating China now, I hope that will occur in the medium-term, when we cross the majority ownership market. We're in the midst of our activity in front of us is to acquire more ownership. We're engaged in that activity though I can't give a precise timing. The life business is a fast growing business, and it is generating. It is now turning the corner and beginning to generate positive GAAP earnings, and I believe the biggest opportunity in China is Life Insurance.
Evan Greenberg: Just given them to macro. And we've got licenses, Huatai Life has licenses in all - in fundamentally, all the provinces. And the majority of those offices of 600 or life-related got 43,000 agents. Though, for China, that's small. I can imagine a company with 250,000. It would be years from now. The P&C business will run a combined ratio that will produce an underwriting profit. And it will - it won't be Chubb's average combined - the average of Chubb's combined ratio. It will be at the higher-end spectrum likely for a while. But that has - that too has very good potential. And I think, when I think of it in the early days right now. As we - when I say early days, the next few years. I imagine that when we consolidate, it will be at least neutral to our ROE.
Evan Greenberg: Well, the PICC relationship is different. That's a venture to where we're like really the international arm of the PICC. Our Chinese business, it's overseas. And we do with the underwriting and the servicing and they do the marketing and relationship and sales side of it, and we share the business together.
Evan Greenberg: No. No. I did not say they worsened. So again, please, you'll read the transcript and the question, I didn't say that. I said the overall - overall loss cost is behaving. We haven't seen a deterioration in overall loss cost trend. I was speaking about there are specific classes and that it's a mixed bag of some behaving, some not. And when you rapid altogether, I don't see a deterioration in the overall. But I did say these rates have not kept pace with loss cost in a number of years. And that naturally from the math is pretty simple as to what that equals. It equals margin pressure. And if you don't have margin pressure then I guarantee you've got reserve pressure. And that the industry is response to that, right now, I think, is rational. And I see it having legs based on all I know right now.
Evan Greenberg: No. We did not, Jay. We don't actually review much in the way of reserves in Overseas General in the first quarter. It's a couple of regions, there are short-tail business that we review in the quarter. And so you see that sometime just bounce around a bit. But nothing - there was no development in the quarter and we had no [jebby] [ph] development. By the way, which is what everyone's trying to talk about.
Evan Greenberg: There was nothing like we were - we had some change of philosophy or this or that. It wasn't - it was an item that we put in, particularly when we saw - when there was elevated CATs of significance, where it was a real CAT event quarter. And we just didn't see it this quarter is that. That's all.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I - we are - we really are and when you think about how we do, which we've been quite transparent and we think that The Street's estimate are a pretty good proxy for what is our own work on expected CAT. And the way it's done. We model, obviously, the perils that have good models, hurricane and earthquake have reasonable models and we model our exposure based on that. And then, on non-model, tornado activity and flood and the like we look at long-term averages. We trend them, we adjust for our exposure. We adjust for reinsurance. And when you bake all that in, The Street's summary is pretty good. When I look at the number over our quote on quote expected. And expected is a quarter. In a quarter, you're just going to have volatility around that. And by the way on any annual basis, of course, you're going to have volatility. You're never - it's so hard that you're going to hit the actual expected. You're either going to be under it a little bit, you're going to be over it a little bit. I mean, that's just real world. And in any quarter, you're going to have a little volatility. Some of that was international related, because we had Australia. And I don't think - I'm not sure how you guys think about all that. And then, the balance was just in the homeowners' line and the winter storms that occurred and that's about it. So it didn't fuss us at all as we looked at it. And it didn't have us re-imagine CAT losses on an expected basis.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, in overseas general, very simple, last year we had onetime items that benefited, and they were all around pension and compensation. And they were one time. And that we had over-accrual and that came down. And you normalize for that and the expense ratio is flat.
Evan Greenberg: Very line specific, where lines of business are more stressed or don't meet our combined ratio standards, then there we drive for more rate. We drive for change in terms and we reshape portfolio. And that is actively going on, Meyer.
Evan Greenberg: It's all based on relative need. You can't translate it. We can, but we don't - we're not disclosing that and we don't go there.
Evan Greenberg: Where rate remains below loss trend? A lot of E&S casualty, it varies by line of business. But rate continues and not below loss trend, it's actually above loss trend. I shouldn't say that, let me take that back. But it needs more rate, because you look at the - you look at the combined ratio starting point in those lines. I see this - I see stressed lines right now. And the better way of saying it, because I'm not going to give it to you by line, in real specific detail, but I see stressed lines getting above loss cost trend. And it need to, which helps to begin to improve the margin in that area. Now, in many of those areas we shrank and shrank substantially, because that you could see it in our numbers. We talked about it. Go back in how we talked about shrinking our Westchester business, our London E&S business, our reinsurance business, as examples, because of the competitive environment. And in those areas, some of them have classes where we see growth opportunity right now, because rate is exceeding loss cost trend and it presents opportunity. Some rate is exceeding loss cost trend. We right a modest portfolio, and we're - but it's still not adequate enough where we want to grow that business.
Evan Greenberg: I believe there are some lines - there are some lines where rate frankly is still not adequate relative to loss cost trend. And they're coming up, but they're still not there yet.
Evan Greenberg: Frankly, the - let's take it in two pieces. The wet season and how people think about late plantings and all of that. The planting season right now and the pace of it is really the same as last year. And you know how last year turned out. So it's very early days and - but right now planting conditions are pretty good and improving. And then, on the loss side from flooding, most of the flood - most of that flooding occurred in flood plain areas. And from a loss point of view, therefore it's - when we look at our portfolio, it's really about late planting question. And as I said, we see the conditions of that equal to last year.
