John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We finished the year with another excellent quarter, making 2010 the third best in Chubb’s history for operating income per share, and the second best year ever for net income per share. These were outstanding results, especially considering the continued weakness in the global economy, a soft property and casualty market environment, and heavy catastrophe losses for the year. 2010 was the fifth consecutive year in which we produced a combined ratio below 90%. Over the same five year period, we also generated a very attractive average annual ROA of 16%. For Q4, operating income per share was $1.69 and annualized operating ROA was 14.5%. Q4 net income per share was $2.02, an annualized ROA was 15.7%. For the full year, operating income per share was $5.90 and operating ROA was 13.1%. Net income per share for 2010 was $6.76, and ROA was 13.9%. Net written premiums for Q4 were up 3%, driven largely by higher exposures that have resulted from an improvement in economic activity over the last year’s depressed levels. GAAP book value per share at 2010 year end was $52.24, up 11% since year end 2009. Our capital position remains excellent, and Ricky will talk about the progress we made in our share buyback program. As you saw in our press release, we provided income per operating share guidance for 2011 of $5.35 to $5.75. I’ll have more to say on guidance in my closing remarks. As you know, our Chief Operating Officer, John Degnan retired on December 31st. Upon his retirement, we promoted three executive vice-presidents of the corporation, each of whom is a seasoned veteran who has risen through the ranks, and each of whom has been with Chubb for at least 25 years.  Paul Krump became President of our Commercial and Specialty businesses, Dino Robusto became President of our Personal Lines and Claims, and Harold Morrison, our Chief Global Field Officer, took on the additional role of Chief Administrative Officer. Now Paul will discuss the performance of Chubb’s Commercial and Specialty Insurance operations and provide some market color. 
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Chubb performed extremely well in both the Q4 and the full year. Here are the highlights: for the Q4 we had an operating income per share of $1.69 in annualized operating ROE of 14.5%. For the full year we had an operating income per share of $5.90. These results were achieved through disciplined under-writing and a focus on bottom line profitability. For Q4 we had a net income per share of $2.02 and annualized ROE of 15.7%. For the full year we had a net income of $2.2 billion. On a per share basis that income was $6.76, an increase of 9%, making it the second highest net income per share in Chubb’s history. Excluding catastrophes and prior period development, our 2010 accident year Ex-Cat combined ratio was an outstanding 90.4. Book value per share was up 11% for the full year and we continued to actively manage our capital by returning $2.5 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In development of 2011 guidance we assume that the insurance market will show some positive growth due to continued improvement in the overall economy. As such, we expect some positive exposure growth, especially in our standing commercial business. On the other hand, based on our Q4 experience we have not assumed any improvement in the overall rate environment. Overall, we are projecting low single digit rate growth for the year compared to the flat growth ex currency we saw in the 2010 calendar year. On that basis, we expect operating income per share for 2011 to be in the range of $5.35 to $5.75. This guidance is based on our expectation that net rate improvement growth will be 0%-2%. We will have a combined ratio of 91-93 for the year based on our combined ratio of 91-94 for CPI, 94-97 for CCI, and 85-88 for CSI. Property and casualty investment after tax will be down 2%-4%.  Finally, we’re assuming 291 million average diluted shares for the year. Our guidance assumes 3 ½ percentage points of catastrophe will be losses compared to the unusually severe 5.7 points of cats we had in 2010. The 2011 assumption is based on our actual long term average annual cat-losses of 3 percentage points adjusted outward by approximately half a point to take into account what looks like higher than usual cat-losses in the Q1 largely as a result of the Australian floods. In terms of sensitivity the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe and losses in 2011 operating income per share is approximately $0.25. At the mid-point of the guidance range our projected operating income per share for 2011 is down $0.35 from our actual operating income per share of 2010. This reflects the expectation that the negative impact of a margin deterioration and lower investment yields will more than offset the positive impact of our share repurchase program and lowered expected catastrophe losses. In summary, Chubb posted excellent results in 2010 in a less than optimal economic and PNC environment. Looking ahead, we expect 2011 to be another challenging year for the industry. Nevertheless, we believe our superior underwriting expertise, strong capital position, prude investment philosophy, and excellent credit ratings will enable us to generate solid returns in any economic environment and to capitalize on business opportunities as they arise. With that, I’d be glad to take any questions.
John Finnegan: You know Jay, as we said in the past, we don’t have any – we run these things under a number of different scenarios which have different accident and mixes and different SBU contributions, so we don’t really have any specific favorable development number. What we’ll say is to make the numbers we’re talking about, under almost all scenarios it would require some degree of favorable development in 2011, albeit a lesser level than we enjoyed in 2010. 
John Finnegan: Yeah, good question Jay. I think that if you really get it on an apples to apples basis, you make one adjustment we were really zero in 2010 on an excurrency basis, and right now, based on where rates are, we have no currency impact in our zero to two, so you’re talking about a one point improvement, so we’re somewhere between our Q4 result of a three point improvement and flat for the year last year. You know, we start the budget process in December; we did have a good Q4, so there’s a decent chance that our Q4 momentum will continue into 2011, and that our growth will be a few points higher than is reflected in our guidance.  But you know, in terms of impact and earnings guidance, it varies a few points in actual versus forecast, non rate related growth would have very little impact on profitability. So maybe there’s more momentum there than we have in our guidance; again, we started about a month ago. We hope that that’s true, but what we have now is up about a point from the high end of the range of the calendar year last year, a little bit below Q4.
John Finnegan: You know, Vinay, just putting the two together, I think Ricky explained it well. I don’t think there’s any play in the leverage, we’re in a good excess capital position, we’re generating significant earnings and doing big buyback programs, and we’ll come out of the year presumably in a strong excess capital position. Adding to leverage would be the last thing we need to do, you know, additional share repurchases. What at the maximum could it be? $200 or $300 million, it’s a small number, even if we wanted to go up the scale a little bit. You know, we’re in a strong capital position without adding any leverage, so I don’t think that’s going to be a trigger point in terms of what our share buyback levels are. 
John Finnegan: Yeah, you know, I think that sometimes people focus on our personal lines operation for the US and not the fact that we’re a widespread operation for commercial and specialty and also that well over a quarter of our revenue comes from overseas, so it wouldn’t be unusual to have overseas losses. We have more overseas losses now than we used to have because we have greater overseas revenue, but certainly the percentage of premiums are cat losses in the US have been higher than our cat losses overseas. You know, the impact of overseas cat losses, now it’s like anyone else’s (inaudible).  But for example, last year we had a big Chilean earthquake loss, and 2011 it looks like we have a good sized Australian loss. On the other hand, in 2010 we experienced almost no loss in the severe European wind storms, the New Zealand earthquake, and the UK winter storms. So it’s just like the US; manageable cat losses are the result of a combination of sophisticated cat exposure management but also a lot of good fortune. Even those countries where we suffered significant losses, the size of these losses seemed in line with our market share, that was certainly the case with Chili last year.  You know, based upon industry losses of $5 to $10 billion and one to two point market share in Australia, I’d say our estimate at this time, and it’s just preliminary, put us right in that zone. 
John Finnegan: It can’t be more than half a point at most; in Q4 we had a nice move and a nice swing, and maybe we’re slightly positive, but we’re talking slightly here. So you’re talking one class of business and one business unit. On 2011 even a half a point would be high. Probably a quarter point would be more like it, and we didn’t break it out that discreetly. 
John Finnegan: The accident ROE right now is 10 plus, so I don’t know. I don’t know how you – they have to get out and do the calc and take out the capital and things like that, so I think we get a little higher than 11 for the year if you did that. But I hear the accident year is more in the lines of 10 to 11. 
John Finnegan: I’m not going to give you a number, you can do the calculation. It all depends on what you think the equity risk premium is these days. 
John Finnegan: The industry losses, we’ll have to see, but what you see in the press today are numbers that range between $5 and $10 billion of insured losses. Relative to how we came up with the number, clearly as you indicate it is early, but as soon as the flood waters receded and power was restored, we were able to get out to a lot of our commercial risks and some of our larger personal lines of risk and based on the visual inspections, the photographs we had, we were able to make some assessments.  The more complicated component is to try to figure out what else can come in, obviously it’s still early, so there you know we’re taking some projections of a run rate of what we thing might still come in and based on the type of losses that we’ve seen, how we would project them forward. Now obviously we’ve had many years of experience in this, and as you well know, we typically have been very accurate with our cat ranges, so despite this being early, you know, we thought it was adequate time to bring out the range of $75 to $100 million. 
John Finnegan: This is in the aggregate, although the push after Brisbane to the south, we received very little claims there and we have much less exposure. Our exposure is mainly in and around Brisbane, and in the aggregate a little bit more commercial than it is personal right now. 
John Finnegan: It’s in line with our writings and our premium shares. We write some good commercial premium, obviously, in our three offices in Australia, and it’s in line with the market share. 
John Finnegan: After all, each investor will have an opinion of how they trade up value versus the ongoing business. From a management perspective, a somewhat higher interest rates are positive, right? Unrealized appreciation goes away over time, as bonds mature. Higher interest rates take it away more quickly, but give you back much more earnings power.  So in answer to the prior question, that accident year business for right now, 200 basis points higher looks a lot more like 13, 14, and 15 than 10, 11, and 12. So I think that’s a positive. And the second factor is unless you believe interest rates only move in isolation, presumably one of the driving forces is more economic activity, more inherent inflation, which builds in much more business over time, so it’s probably reflective of a better business environment for the company and for the industry as a whole. 
John Finnegan: Well, you know, Jay, we actually made some comments at the beginning of last year that look like the comments we made this year related to guidance. That we weren’t picking up specific favorable development level, but that we expected favorable development, but we expected to make our maybe targets that we had some favorable development albeit at lower levels for 2010.  As it turned out, we didn’t come in much lower, but the mix was different. We were right about professional liability in the second half of the year, it did decline, and we expected that. Still pretty substantial level though, eight or nine points in specialty; but it was made up for this year by unusually high, probably historical high favorable and commercial business, and very favorable in the personal lines business.  I just think as we go over time, you can’t keep getting six or seven points of favorable development every year, that’s unusually high. I think professional liability had some terrific years, 14, 15 points on their book. The years in which we’ve gotten most of the favorable development, you know those 2003 to 2006 years, they’re just running off.  So I think what you hear in our comments this year as we go forward into 2011 is that we’ll probably need some favorable development to meet our target. It could come in a different mix of accident and other favorable, but that will be less than we saw in the past, and professional could be less than we saw in the past, although I’m not ready at this point. I don’t know if where we were in Q3 and Q4 is too high or too low; I think over time it’s still pretty high, and it’ll be tough to sustain out of a long period of time. Jay Cohen – Bank of America: I’m sure most people assume it’s going down anyway, so it fits with expectations anyway. Thanks for those good answers, thank you. 
John Finnegan: Josh, I’d say at any one time you know, the rate movement isn’t necessarily reflective of the attractiveness of the business, you know. Two years ago, we were getting 20 points of rate, and D&O fi, but that was for a reason. You know FI had collapsed. We were running combines well over 100. Now more recently, the experience has been much much better, so D&O FI is a flat business now.  Well, is it a better or worse business? Hard to say. You know public still has been very profitable, you know to some degree sometimes we think the competiveness is overdone a little, but they are reacting to what’s been a positive trend in lawsuits and claims in that area. So you know, if aggressive is tough, but professional liability and D&O public tend to be very profitable businesses for us. 
John Finnegan: There are new competitors, but that’s not really the – they force down the prices because they get into some of the excess layers, but they’re not really the people that every day we’re competing with. It’s the same old crowd. 
John Finnegan: I’d say, one I’m always a little surprised, you know, I read write ups from the analysts talking about margin pressure and not getting a rate and growth trends keep going up, and yet people seem to be surprised when our combine ratios are projected in a lump. I mean, aren’t we really seeing a traditional margin compression sort of cycle? You’re right, rates are only down one, but I think that most people think that loss trends continue to go up and while we’ve seen some recently favorable loss trends I think most of the lines of business over time loss trends go up.  So I think you would expect to see some margin of impression but when you look at it, I’d say that we’re talking about, we expect the deterioration in our businesses next year, the commercial and personal, due to margin compression and also due to less favorable development. It’s a mix of those. I would say that in an era when you have one point rate declines in a commercial business, which is the one that is most subject to predictable loss trends, that wouldn’t be unexpected to have two, three, or four points of loss trend increases. Which would easily get you another three points in combined ratio.  Throw in a mix and sort of less favorable development. As I’ve mentioned, favorable development in commercial was at an all time high this year. It’d be hard to believe that we could sustain that. You put the two of them together and I think that’s where you get the number. 
John Finnegan: Take out favorable and so you take out the ExCat and the other cats and you’re talking about five points. You have to determine with that deterioration how much of that is margin compression in the acts of the year, how much of it is low favorable development.
John Finnegan: Well, I wouldn’t look at it as a—it depends if we’re looking ExCat or cat, see that’s the problem. See we had a lot of cats this year so it would depend on whether you’re comparing an ExCat number to an ExCat number. If we go into the year basically looking at a three point cat assumption that would add a cat load to commercial somewhere in the 3-3 ½ point area and you know, we threw up the 3 ½ with the Australian floods which means we’re pursuing maybe two points higher in the first quarter than we would normally; divided by four gets you your half and a little bit of that is more loaded to commercial so we adjusted. But that’s just an assumption, so you get in that 3-3 ½ cat load area for commercial. It doesn’t have a huge impact on the number by any means.
John Finnegan: I would say that when we talk about exposure improving we’re primarily talking about the commercial business. So that’s the area where we’re talking about exposure improving and helping growth. The specialty business, I don’t think we could make that judgment. Personalized, I think we’re seeing a little better from that. It’s an offset in personal you’re seeing, that more endorsements, more activity, but how the market remains…I mean everyday you pick up the paper could make it a terrible low level so I don’t think you could count on explosive growth in the home-owners area.
John Finnegan: Exposure adds premiums just like adding a new customer would add premiums. You know if you have customer that insures one factory and he insures two factories with you, you add a factory, it’s like getting another customer with the factory. If he doubles the value of it, it’s like getting another customer with it.  So it’s premium growth on which you would anticipate benefiting by the profit margin on your business. Which, you know, on an average sense, is somewhere between five and ten points but on a variable argument is somewhat more significant. I mean, taking most of the expense ratio out, so exposure growth is adding new business, it’s adding premium growth and it’s a positive. 
John Finnegan: We have a cat load in all of our accident year assessments and professional liability. Going into 2009 though, we were in the middle of all the action from 2008 and we certainly knew we were going to have some significant activity going on, so our financial cat load was higher than it might normally be in a normal year. We still always anticipate some “cat activity”; it certainly has some in it. 
John Finnegan: You know, I’m not sure – the business is so lumpy in terms of there have not been that many normal years. You had the 2002 disasters, pretty clean 2004 and ’05; stock options 2007, mutual funds and 2008 credit crisis, 2010 turned out to be not a year of all sorts of new discreet activity, and 2010 under default wouldn’t be a normal year I wouldn’t think. 
John Finnegan: As you look at our overall expenses, Ian, you know you have to keep in mind you can’t just look at nominal. Mix does have an impact. Mix of businesses, personal has a little bit higher commission load than some of the other business, and work comp, for example, which has a low commission load. Accidental has a high commission load, but lower loss ratios. Overseas tends to have higher commissions than the US, and overseas is growing faster. So you know, there’s a mix of that, and when you get into particular lines it can be greatly affected by how that mix moves. 
John Finnegan: Why don’t you talk a little about personal lines? Dino Robusto So in personal lines it’s essentially the same thing. We target the high net worth customer in personal lines Australia. We use essentially the same policy forms as we do here. We hallmark masterpiece coverages and we marry it with the high quality of services that we offer here so it’s essentially a similar target-market strategy for us in personal lines.
John Finnegan: The common-wealth countries have always been our strongest countries over-seas, so we’re a big player in terms of the Australia market. We have huge market shares but nor do we have huge market shares in the US. We’ve been highly profitable and it’s by far our biggest Asian operation.
Paul Krump: Thank you John, and good evening everyone. The Chubb Commercial Insurance net written premiums for Q4 were up 4% to $1.1 billion. We were helped by improving economic conditions in the United States, which I will discuss in a minute. The combined ratio was 93.5% versus 89.9% in Q4 2009. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI’s Q4 combined ratio was 91%, compared to 89.8% in Q4 2009. In the United States, CCI’s renewal rates were down 1%, the same as the decline experienced in Q3.  Retention for Q4 was a strong 86%, comparable to the 87% retention rate in Q3. High retention was a key contributor to our new to loss business ratio of 1.3:1 for the quarter. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums for Q4 were down 3% to $746 million. CSI’s combined ratio was 82.4% versus 84.1% in Q4 of 2009. Net written premiums for professional liability were down 4%, and the combined ratio was 88.7%, compared to 89.5% in Q4 2009. Renewal rates for professional liability in the US in Q4 2010 were down 3%, and renewal retention was 87%. The new to loss business ratio for professional liability was 1.1:1 in Q4. For surety, net written premiums in Q4 were flat, and the combined ratio was 37.8%. Turning now to conditions in the standard commercial market; we saw encouraging signs that the overall economy is easing off the bottom and demand for insurance is picking up.  For example, in the United States our renewal exposure change was slightly positive for the quarter; this is the first quarter since mid-2008 that our renewal exposures were higher. Our midterm policy endorsements were also up, driven by customers adding to their plant and equipment schedules, and this too helped growth. By comparison, Q4 2009 was among the lightest in years for mid-term endorsement activity. Finally, audits of adjustable premiums for our worker’s compensation policies resulted in our receiving additional premiums in Q4 2010, instead of having to refund premiums, as had been the case in Q4 2009.  As background, premiums for worker’s compensation depend on the size of the insured’s payroll. Premiums are initially set based upon assumed payroll levels, which subsequently are audited against the actual levels. These audits can result in retroactive adjustment of premiums. Because of the dramatic downturn in the economy, which began in 2008, we saw negative net audit premiums in Q4 2009. Q4 2010 was the first quarter in over a year in which we had positive net audit premiums.  Despite these signs of improvement in economic activity, the market remained competitive in Q4 as evidenced by CCI’s 1% renewal rate decrease that I mentioned earlier. However, we were encouraged that we did not observe the typical year end pricing frenzy in the market from competitors, making last minute attempts to achieve their annual premium targets. With respect to general market conditions in the specialty business, the environment was similar to what we experienced in Q3. The exception was in the D&O market for publically traded companies, where competition heated up in Q4. It should be noted that our professional liability portfolio is extremely well diversified with public D&O accounting for about 20% of our professional liability premiums. In response to this increased pressure in public D&O, we have become even more rigorous in our underwriting standards. As a result, we got off some accounts altogether, and for some others, reduced our limits or repositioned our participation on a program from primary to an excel layer, if we deemed the relative pricing of that layer’s risk to be better. Notwithstanding the competitive pressure, professional liability in general and public D&O in particular continue to be important and solidly profitable businesses for Chubb. With regard to the improvement in the economy, we did see signs of stabilization in our professional liability exposures, but they were subsumed by the negative 3% renewal rate change in the quarter. And now I’ll turn it over to Dino, who will review personal lines and claims. 
Paul Krump: Sure Matthew. As we think about this year, we try to look at the trajectory of what actually took place last year, and we put in a little bit of growth. More in the CCI area, quite frankly, than in the CSI area. As I mentioned, some of the CSI areas are still under some pricing pressure, and because of that we’ve been repositioning and reprofiling some of the deals but you know, we’re seeing some nice upticks obviously in the sales area and in the payrolls for worker’s comp; and I touched on the plant equipment. So we’re clearly easing off the bottom. 
Paul Krump: Yeah, they really are, Matthew. It’s a little bit difficult for me to touch on, or to draw a huge conclusion from worker’s compensation. You know, we’re only 2% of the worker’s compensation of marketplace; we specialize by niche, by state, by size of risk, so I don’t think that our work comp book is comparable to the industry. Clearly AM Best has put out some numbers; just if you look at the loss ratio ours are 21 points better on a five year argument than the industry, and the last full year, 2009, we were clearly 19 points better. So we’re doing things very differently in the work comp area. As respect to general liability, we’re seeing some of the payroll or the sales figures come up here in the manufacturing business and the retail business as well. 
Paul Krump: Sure Josh, as John mentioned, there’s some valid reasons that you’ve seen some rate declines in the public D&O space, the decline in the securities class action and the economy is obviously a bit better than it was; clearly the stock market is better. So you know, I’m not sitting back saying that I’m surprised you’re seeing some rate declines in public D&O, I just think that quite frankly they are a little bit overblown, and we are very mindful here at Chubb that there tends to be a systemic loss of that with some regularity in the public D&O space.  I mean, we’ve been doing this for decades, we’ve got a lot of experience, a meaningful sized book, so what we’re doing right now is really honing our pricing tools, because they help us know is this a top tier account, is this a middle tier account, is it a bottom tier account? When do we need to back away, when do we need to reposition or when do we want to try and go out early and hang on to some of it? So we’re pretty into the ebb and flow there. 
Paul Krump: Well, let me just give you a little bit of a statistic, one of the things we try to look at here is how much new business is coming on to the portfolio. Right now in the professional liability space, the portfolio last year had about 14% of its total writings from new business, if you back that up just a few years ago, that number was almost double. So that gives you a sense that we’re being very rigorous in how we’re writing new business. Clearly as an underwriter you know your renewal better than you know a new piece of business, so you have to be mindful of that. 
Paul Krump: I’ll start with commercial, and then toss it over to Dino. It’s a very similar book to what you see in the United States. I mean, it a package book business, it’s property, obviously there’s no comp, there’s less auto actually, there. But you know, we’re writing the exact same kinds of industries, quite frankly, that we write here in the United States, and a lot of service industries and it’s been a highly profitable business for us.  When you go over the CSI side of things, you know it’s a similar book of business. We actually were the ones who brought D&O and kidnap and ransom, those kinds of lines to the Australian market, so we’ve enjoyed a long history there of writing similar things to what we write here in the US. 
Richard Spiro: Okay, hey Vinay, it’s Ricky. How are you? Let me answer your second question first. We’ve stated publically in the past our debt to capital targets are between 20 and 25%, that’s on a reported basis. We’re currently running a little north of 20, so that’s sort of the range. I’m not going to give you a specific number, that we’re willing to list to it with. As it relates to capital management, you know, it’s a little more complicated. I’ll make a few observations.  If you look at our earnings on a net income basis as an example for 2010, plus the dividends that we paid out in return to shareholders, you know that number totaled something like 2.5 – I’m sorry, if you look at our share repurchases plus the dividends that we paid out to shareholders, that totaled about $2.5 billion in 2010. We made about $2.2 billion so there is a – we did pay out about $250 to $300 million more than we earned. Secondly if you look at our guidance for this year, 2011, you get to a similar answer using the midpoint of our guidance with the dividends that we are expected to pay, and in fact, in that scenario we actually have a bigger gap. So we are, we think, eating into our excel capital position.  It’s a little more complicated, as I said, because there are a few other factors that are involved when we think about our excess capital, it’s not just looking at ratios like bring the surplus or debt to cap, the models that the rating agencies and some of the cat models, as you know, are constantly changing. Without going into all of the details, the bottom line is capital requirements are going up so we’re continuously dealing with that, but having said all of that, we still believe we’re in a significant excess capital position both on our own models and on the rating agency models.  We believe in capital management. If we don’t have a better use for excess capital, you know, we will continue to return it to our shareholders. 
Richard Spiro: Sure. The first question, the difference – why our portfolio dropped around 3% and the broader markets were higher, I think the Barclay’s municipal bond index probably dropped something close to 5%. You know, the quality of our portfolio and the mix of our portfolio is part of it. The main driver, frankly, is we have a shorter effective duration than the broader market. So we’re at around five years, I think that the market index is at around eight years, and as a result when you have a movement in interest rates, our portfolio is going to move a little bit less than the broader market. As it relates to how we value our portfolio, 100% of our tax exempt securities are level two securities, and our priceline independent, nationally recognized pricing service; we obviously vet their pricing methodology and we’re confident that it’s the best and most accurate way to price our portfolio. 
Richard Spiro: Well, as far as the $400 million maturity in November, I can’t commit on our plans for future financing, so I really can’t give you any guidance there. The slight tick up in yields, you know if there wasn’t an uptick in Q4, treasury rates and some of the reinvestment rates, to be honest, I don’t know if that was the reason for the slight increase, but that’s the only thing I can point to. 
Richard Spiro: Okay, how audit premiums work basically is the insured sits down with their agent and they talk about what auditable exposure base to give us, and they think about the various classifications of their workers. In most states there’s some 600 different worker classifications, so they’ll think about their work force and where those payrolls are going. So the first – if you think about it as the deposit premium is based on what they actually give us, so their optimism or pessimism about their businesses comes in to play there, so that’s part of the exposure.  Most people, not surprising I guess, are passing on traditionally payrolls that are a little bit pessimistic to what they turn out to be, say over the last 25 to 30 years of my experience here, we’ve seen audits bring on about a half a point of growth or top line work comp revenue, so I’d like to see it come back to those kind of levels. It can vary a little bit from time to time, but right around a half a point to a point. 
Richard Spiro: Well I’ll answer it from the investment portfolio side, we have the duration of our portfolio of four years, so you know, every hundred basis point move in interest rates would reduce the value of our portfolio by about 4%, so the math would be with a 200 basis point movement, it would be 8%. But again, you also have to think that in a scenario when that occurs, you’re also then going to be reinvesting at a higher rate, and over time that investment income will help.  As I said on prior calls, we do have an intermediate maturity bond strategy, so we’ve got bonds that are running off that we can reinvest over every year, and so you know, the impact would be – the value of our portfolio, and everyone else’s by the way, a 200 basis point move in interest rates would impact the entire industry, but offset by a higher reinvestment rate. 
Richard Spiro: They write flood a little bit differently in Australia on the commercial side of things so we have a slightly different strategy. We do more quota share business, more layers of property there just because of that, so here in the States you’d see a lot more flood exclusions or flood sub-limits. In Australia they’re, up to now, oftentimes offer full-flood but that may be changing. 
