Evan Greenberg: No, it's just normal. it's a normal quarter-on-quarter seasonalization. There wasn't some impact from LPT or that. And the mix of business changes quarter-on-quarter, and that's it. I think the thing you're more focused on is the year-on-year change, and it looks pretty strong.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. You're really asking me the question, I want to help you with it, of LPTs and the impact of writing so much LPT last year versus this year, which can inflate loss ratio last year versus this year. If you adjust for the LPT impact and a little bit of other onetime noise, year-on-year combined ratio, adjusting for that, improved 1.8 points. It was 0.7 on expense and it was 1.1 loss ratio related.
Evan Greenberg: No, you're fundamentally looking overall at a pretty good run rate. And look, if things opened up more and as they open up more, there'll be more travel-related expense, a little more entertainment-related expense. We don't anticipate it to have a big impact. Still a pretty good run rate. And that's on the OpEx ratio. Remember, the acquisition ratio bounces around with mix of business.
Evan Greenberg: Look, I can't tell you what we're going to see 2 years from now. I can give you a sense of – in my own judgment because I don't have a crystal ball. Based on the current market conditions and where I think they're going over the medium term right now, I think loss cost – I think rates will continue to exceed loss costs. We're exceeding loss costs right now by a reasonable margin. And the industry overall -- forget Chubb, the industry overall has been, number one, achieving loss rates in excess of loss costs for just 2 years now. And secondly, the industry starts at a loss ratio that is quite high. And to achieve a reasonable risk-adjusted return, it has to continue to achieve rate in excess of loss cost for a prolonged period of time. Interest rates are so low, there's no joy on the other side. And then you have an external environment that is – that has risk around it, from cyber, to climate, to the litigation environment. And all that is baked into, I think, the mood and the thinking among those in the industry underwriting today. And so, in my judgment, from everything I see, it is natural that I gave you year-on-year movement in pricing and rate so that you would have a perspective. And as you think about the rate of increase declining going forward, that is natural, but it's well in excess of loss cost and I believe that will continue. But to a good question that I think deserve a fulsome response.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So here's how I see it. When we look at the long-tail lines, we're using a historic trend ignoring COVID and the shutdown, assuming a reversion to the mean and which was recognizing what I think is a relatively hostile legal environment and litigation environment. So there's – the actual at the moment is running better than the trended 6% we're using. But we think that's a head fake on a timing question in how we imagine trend and therefore, what you really need in pricing. On the short tail side of the business, I really gave you two numbers. I gave you homeowners. And I gave the homeowners running a double-digit observed inflation today. I gave you a long tail -- I gave you short-tail commercial that were trending at 4%. On the commercial property side, from all we see and all of our data, currently at the moment, it's actually running below that, both frequency and severity. But we see enough of what we see as inflation externally. We see enough of what we see in the homeowners book that we continue to trend it in both pricing and reserving at that 4% range.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, it really varies across the board. When I look at the industry overall, I think, in many classes, the industry, in aggregate, if I rolled it all together, is one big portfolio, needs rate. When I look at it for the Chubb portfolio, most of our business is at or approaching risk-adjusted rate adequacy.
Evan Greenberg: Well, they're running different combined ratios. It varies by segment of overseas general, by country, by the mix. It varies wholesale versus retail, but overseas general continues to improve at a pace that's very similar to North pace.
Evan Greenberg: No. Here it is, Ryan. Over half the overseas general business is commercial business. And – but you haven't been in a market where you take Europe or you take the London market, both wholesale and retail. Those were soft markets for an extended period. And we were scratching dirt for growth, but we were getting growth. And -- but we are very disciplined in underwriting, and we were making good money and good margins, a decent return, Not off-the-charts risk-adjusted return, but it a decent return. And relative to the market, we were well outperforming.
Evan Greenberg: You've seen. And what you get is, particularly with Europe and then with the U.K., they're slower to react. But you see that reaction taking place, and that was just an opportunity for us to drive right now, both growth and rate.
Evan Greenberg: Hey, here's how it goes around here. Number one, underwriting will never destroy book value. So, if it's running over 100, you have to fix it or kill it immediately. In this kind of environment, if you have to strive in your business to achieve an adequate risk-adjusted return. If the market will allow an adequate risk-adjusted return on that cohort of business that you are underwriting, then I'll tell you what, more submissions, more quotes and more broker relations, more brokers and agents and drive to write that business.
Evan Greenberg: Tracy, in our 10-K, we have fulsome disclosure around Century and our obligation. It is under a statutory order negotiated and consummated between Cigna and the State of Pennsylvania before ACE purchased Cigna's P&C business, which included Century. And that 10-K disclosure around our obligation to Century speaks for itself. It's quite clear. And it is a limited obligation, and I will leave it at that.
Evan Greenberg: We see risk for pooling and capital efficiency purposes. That's the reason we do it. We don't do it for tax purposes. I'll give you a very simple example so you'll get it really clearly. Imagine that on Chubb's balance sheet, I can take $10 million net per risk on a given class of business. But imagine that in all the countries we do business in around the world, I can't take that kind of retention because of my limited amount of capital. If I tried to take it in each jurisdiction and I had a loss in Malaysia or a loss XYZ country, I'd have to be dividending out of one place, contributing capital in another, it's the most inefficient way to run a business. So the pooling of risk and internal reinsurance is what allows you to leverage a global balance sheet to the benefit of local operations and it provides in one place the stability of spread of risks an amount of capital. So that's the fundamental reason that you start with that Chubb uses internal reinsurance. Thanks for the question, Tracy.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Look, the pricing environment is pretty good. The – but that's not it. That is not addressing by itself, the fundamental issue that the industry has to wrestle. And Chubb is beginning to respond to, but others are slow to react to that are the fundamentals around cyber. Like pandemic, cyber has a catastrophe profile to it and the nature of cat potential that has no time nor geographic boundary to it. And you take the growing digital interconnection of the world today in everything, personal and business, and that potential for catastrophe, the concentrations of exposure are only growing. And you see the spector of risk raising its head and all the cyber-attacks we see, malicious cyber-attacks, both nation state and non-nation-state actors for various reasons; one, to disrupt society, another, to make money. And so you have a frequency of loss on one hand and rate -- and some adjustment to coverage can manage that. On the other side of the coin, you have a systemic nature of this. And I can tell you, in the way Chubb underwrites, we are facing it and we are beginning to address it. And then on the -- in underwriting. And now on the other side are the real public policy questions, and we are involved in raising our voice in the public policy arena. Number one, when you look at ransomware, while I don't think the government should outlaw ransom, where payments at this time, I do think that we ought to be looking at whether we allow payments. I do think the nature -- because who are you paying? Terrorists? Secondly, treasury right now, you should require -- you should be obligated under current law, anti-money laundering laws, to get permission to make a ransomware payment. We should be removing the incentive out of the system for ransomware attacks, which are all about money for the most part. And on mask what is the social or the intention to disrupt our country politically and unmask that part of it and show it. Secondly, there are all kinds of things that the private sector and public sector could be doing together. Sharing of information is one of them right now and understanding where systemic risk aggregations are is another. So I'll stop right there, but it is more than about achieving rate in cyber today.
