Evan Greenberg: Yes. We -- it's very basic blocking and tackling every single day. This is a customer and client-focused Company. And frankly, our communication begins early and it's continuous with all of our clients and customers. We endeavor not to surprise. We explained very clearly to our customers and clients the reason for need, for rate increase, how we're running today, the kind of transparency we give you, we give them a lot of transparency around the loss cost environment, around our return hurdles, around our appetite for risk, the consistency of the Company has by itself, distinguished itself. And we've stood out and given -- and therefore, garnered a lot more credibility and confidence from our clients. Chubb has been consistent in its approach about underwriting and its need for rate throughout the years, particularly when we were shrinking and know that when we couldn't achieve what we required to earn an adequate return. And at the same time, given the rate environment changing our appetite consistent, we continue to promote. And on the same basis, our appetite for the amount of risk we'll take, the classes of business that we will serve, where we will serve them, all of that is a well-understood story about us. And finally, what I'd say is, we don't serve them in one line of business or two lines of business, we serve them broadly across virtually all of their needs. And the secret, we do it on a local basis. It isn't simply that we operate from 2 or 3 hubs. We're where they do business and where they need to work with us and see us every single day. There is no magic sauce about this. It's a day-to-day, year-in and year-out effort of a consistent approach to how we do business. And right now, it serves us quite well.
Evan Greenberg: I'm right where you left me standing. I think the loss to the industry -- we had pegged that loss somewhere in the underwriting loss, somewhere in that $70 billion, $80 billion range, and I think it's ultimately going to play out there. Right now, it's at around $35 billion to $40 billion. And that number is going to continue to climb. And so far, you've really focused on BI that you've seen. And BI, I don't think, has run its course. But beyond that, there are a lot more casualties to come. D&O, the employment practices liability, et cetera, and credit related. And then, the other side of the balance sheet as well over time. So far, we have had a recession that has been relatively credit loss proof brought to you by central banks around the world and government policies. That's not going to last forever, and there is -- just look at how the banks have handled reserves. There is more to come.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'm not sure you're thinking about that completely right. The consumer lines depends on line of business within consumer, we talk about accident and health and we’re talking about automobile. But, it in general runs a lower loss ratio, but it runs a higher expense ratio. We're producing the current accident year in the 80s. And the consumer lines business runs in aggregate in that kind of range. So, it's a shift in loss ratio, expense ratio predominantly. Now, that varies, which I'm not going to get into with you and then you're going down the rabbit hole. It varies by region of the world and international versus domestic, but you really spoke about the international in that regard. So, look, as it comes back, it lifts growth and it lifts earnings, and it's less of a margin story.
Evan Greenberg: I'm comparing that to current accident year ex cat. On a published basis, it will have some benefit. I'm not prepared to go into the detail on that.
Evan Greenberg: If you listened to me in the commentary, I spoke about reserves. I also broke down this quarter's loss ratio margin improvement. And as you heard, there was a greater percentage of improvement for Commercial P&C than there was for consumer lines within Global P&C. And so, you are seeing margin improvement. On the other hand, we are striving and will achieve an adequate risk-adjusted return, which does that we're pegging ourselves to achieve a result like that. We raised the bar in a market like this, where we're growing exposure, and there is more loss cost certainty as we look forward, COVID and non-COVID related, we are properly building reserve margin, and at the same time, through growth and margin improvement and not a small amount, and a current accident year combined ratio that is world-class. We are delivering tremendous earnings. At the same time, we're building balance sheet strength, absolutely the right thing to do. And I hope that answers your question. And finally, don't be overly simplistic about it and you weren't. You got an average loss cost trend. That varies by category of business and line of business. And we are also growing in areas, that is to some degree, changing our mix right now. Something else, that's proprietary, I'm not going to go into. So that does have an impact as well to some degree.
Evan Greenberg: No, not really, Elyse. The reinsurance market in January was firmed to a lesser degree than we anticipated. And it was a bit surprising to us, both in casualty and short-tail lines, less of an impact.
Evan Greenberg: No. Not a significant change. Targeted in specific areas, we already have changed our retentions. But, it is -- on the margin, we're quite consistent. Remember, we buy reinsurance, both for capacity purposes where the amount of exposure we take is beyond what we want to retain on the balance sheet, and we buy a certain amount for volatility protection. And that's pretty steady in how we manage, but there are targeted areas, again, something I won't go into in any detail.
Evan Greenberg: Right. And remember, it's to -- we translate combined ratio hurdles from what we consider to be an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of return we should be earning in any line of business. And there are lines of business around the world that have a ways to go in achieving that. And there are lines that are approaching it or have are there, so it varies. I'm not going to go into what's what, that's that. As you can imagine it’s clearly proprietary. I'm not going to give a road map to the market.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to give it to you in two very -- the simplest ways, and it's more complicated than this, but I think we'll help you conceptualize it, credit and travel. It's not -- so, it's not simply economic. It's the shutdown and travel. And imagine -- let's take it for a couple of hands. You would think of travel as simply, okay, retail travel insurance that you sell-through travel agents, et cetera, or airlines. That's actually a small part of it. Employers and employer purchased insurance, where it's really -- it's purchased not for employees sitting in the office. It's purchased because they have employees traveling all the time, travel accident insurance, as an example. With travel down and then on top of it, economic -- the economic headwinds, that impacts overall A&H, a major part of A&H around the globe, whether it's in the United States, Europe, Asia or Latin America. Credit related, we have a huge direct marketing book of business, and it is principally Asia and Latin America, and with people taking less credit on one hand, and secondly, not just tied to credit, but marketing to their customer bases, the middle-income customer for supplemental insurances, A&H, modest homeowners and householders related, I think, on the credit side as well, mortgages, with economic activity down, that business slows down substantially. We are seeing signs of it, and it is beginning to pick back up, but it has a ways to grow in Asia in particular, and believe it or not, in parts of Latin America, like Chile, and to some degree in places like Brazil. So, the business does start to -- and we're seeing it in the first quarter begin a bit in different areas to pick up. And then, of course, as you go further into the year beginning with second quarter, you start getting a year-on-year comparison.
Evan Greenberg: The overall health of the business -- by the way, the overall health of the business, very strong. And this is not like a lost forever thing. The clients remain in place. The distribution, not only remains in place, but our people have spent a lot of time putting a lot of new distribution channels in place. New partnerships across the board, and we are very optimistic that as time goes on -- and I just can't pick the time. You're trying to pick the timing of the health crisis right now. And when does it -- when are we able to, around the world, resume travel, economies open up, people leave their homes and get back to work that's -- good luck predicting that, you can't. But, what we know is, it will over time, heal itself. And as it does, that’s very vital part of our franchise. It is an excellent franchise in place, and we'll get a lot more joy for the effort we got today.
Evan Greenberg: I anticipate, over the next number of years, next few years, you know I'm a pretty patient guy. And I expect over the next medium-term to put that capital to work, either organically or inorganically.
Evan Greenberg: No, we have not exercised the 7.1%. When we do, when it occurs, we will announce it to the market. Of course, we will. And you will know when and if we achieve the majority control, which we expect to do.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Mike, who's an outstanding executive and he's been with us a long time. He wasn't appointed based on market conditions or what we see as the general underwriting environment. Mike was appointed because he's a great executive. It's an important line of business to us. It has -- it's a very complex line of business. And Mike brings the skills and the capabilities to manage on a global basis, a business like that. Great opportunity for him and a great opportunity for Chubb. Beyond that, the cyber itself is in a state of change. And the product is evolving and will evolve. It's a lot beyond pricing. Pricing is the easy part of it. The loss environment, which I've been speaking about for numerous quarters consistently, is changing. And so, I'll just remind everyone, frequency of loss has been increasing as the world has digitized, and we gave it a huge shove during COVID and work remotely conditions, the world is more cyber and digitally integrated. And that raises both, exposure in terms of frequency of loss, but it also raises and continues to raise the catastrophe nature of the product because of the interconnectedness of everyone globally. I have said for a number of quarters that the next pandemic, the exposure that looks like a virus is cyber related because it has no geographic or time bound to it. We've seen a number of events over the recent years that give a glimmer of that. So, it is complicated. And the product has to evolve to recognize that kind of exposure, both on the frequency side and the severity side. And we have a fabulous team of cyber experts who've been doing this for quite a while. You got to, at the same time, be humble and know what you don't know and not over imagine, there's a lot of basis risk in it, even the cyber -- all the cyber experts are constantly surprised with new day zero events and techniques that emerge. And so, I can, on that, wrap it up, by saying, I can think of no one better to help lead along with our cyber experts than Mike Kessler.
Evan Greenberg: Be careful of one thing, Meyer. Everybody has a different mix of business, a different book of business. Chubb, we have a balance between middle market and small in the United States and around the globe and large account and specialty risk, E&S, we're very large E&S player. We're very large, maybe the global leader in major account business. And then, we're a top-tier middle market company. All of that goes, and I was pretty clear that the level of rate increase we're getting varies by the market area. And then, beyond that, it varies by product area, and I gave you some sense of that. We have years and years of data. And it's not just data. It's been turned into information, and it has taken us a long time to do that and to do it properly. And so the management information flow here is so well connected between the reserving process and the rate making process in a granular, real-time way and updated based on loss and loss cost trends and actual in virtually real time, without a lot of lag. And it is something that all of us at all levels have great transparency and availability to access and that links back with then how we look at what business are we quoting, what business are we binding and at what terms and conditions? It doesn't mean that it's all perfect and we don't make mistakes. And given loss cost and real world about the loss environment that we don't get surprised on the margin because things change swiftly here or there, of course, but we react quickly. And finally, what I'd say to you is it's no different than this conversation that goes on about, well, how come you haven't produced more margin? Well, we're producing outstanding margin and margin improvement. It’s that -- look at our reserving policy. It's that we recognize bad news most immediately, and we recognize good news over time. The commercial P&C business, particularly the casualty areas are not for optimists, and I've said this many times. And by the way, the notion of prior period reserve development, well, that's a strength. And that's part of being prudent on recognizing slowly when you're conservative and cautious about a loss cost environment. So, it's the data, it's the technology, it's the knowledge of the people, and it's the management policies and practices consistently that make the difference.
Evan Greenberg: We play for the long term. We're not trying to make some short-term killing in our business. And that's not what it's about. And by the way, we run the Company first for our customers. And we run it to deliver them a product at the right price, not take advantage of them in any way.
Evan Greenberg: Well, there isn't really a political risk insurance market in the United States. The United States, given rule of law and given credit ratings, there has not been true political risk losses in the United States. And true political risk exposure from what we classically deliver as a product outside the United States in political risk. And, God help us. I don't expect that to change. Now, you could ask the question on the investment side of the portfolio, and do we see political risk? I think we see more credit-related risk than we do at this time political risk.
