John D. Finnegan: As we noted in today’s press release, the big story for the property and casualty insurance industry in the first quarter was the extraordinary level of natural catastrophes worldwide. Although these catastrophes had a negative impact of $0.67 per share on Chubb’s first quarter results, we still produced operating income of $1.14 per share for the quarter, an excellent result. This reflected outstanding underwriting results with a combined ratio excluding catastrophes of 81.3%, nearly six percentage points better than a year ago. This was our best ex cat combined ratio since 2007 and it was driven by strong contribution from each of our business units. Our investment portfolio also continued to perform well with net realized investment gains of $127 million pre-tax or $0.25 per share after tax. That brought our first quarter net income per share to $1.39. In addition, our portfolio’s unrealized appreciation before tax increased by about $170 million from year end 2009. These investments and underwriting results produced a GAAP book value per share of $48.17 at March 31, 2010. That’s a 2% increase since yearend 2009 and a 23% increase since March 31, 2009. Our capital position is excellent. During the quarter we raised our common stock dividend for the 28th consecutive year and also have been actively buying back our stock. Now, John Degnan will discuss our operating performance.
John D. Finnegan: In a very difficult catastrophe environment, Chubb performed extremely well in the first quarter. Here are the highlights; operating income per share of $1.14 despite a $0.67 per share adverse impact of cats and a onetime $0.07 per share Medicare related tax charge. Our ex cat combined ratio of 81.3 was nearly six points better than last year’s excellent 87.2. On an ex cat basis, CPI and CCI’s combined ratios were nearly seven points better than last year. In addition, CSI’s combined ratio was more than four points better, clearly outstanding underwriting results. Premium growth improved in what continued to be a difficult economic competitive environment. Retention rates remained consistent and new to lost ratios improved. Our conservative investment portfolio continued to perform well generating a substantial first quarter net realized capital gain as well as an increase in unrealized appreciation. Book value per share increased by more than $1 since 2009 year end to $48.17 and we continued to actively manage our capital by buying back shares at attractive prices and by increasing our dividend by 6%. In summary, we had a good first quarter despite substantial cat losses. Our financial strength, conservative investment portfolio, strong credit rating, underwriting talent, producer relationships, unparallel claim services and commitment to managing capital for our shareholders’ benefit are true differentiators which we believe will enable us to continue to provide superior returns to our investors. With that, I’ll open the line to questions.
John D. Finnegan: We’re not prepared to break it down but I might point out to you Jay that the masterpiece product for Chubb provides coverage for backed up water and sewers which in some of the forms of our competitors are not covered. So we probably have disproportionately a higher amount attributed to water infiltration. Normally, we don’t cover flood under homeowners policies but we do cover water back up and sewer back up and we adjust it in a way that’s sensitive. If you have a sump pump for example, that failed because your back up battery is out due to several days of energy interruption, that’s a backed up sewer or pump then we’ll pay.
John D. Finnegan: You know Jay we typically don’t confirm coverage or amounts without the permission of the insured so I need to talk generally. The one thing I would point out is the article that’s reported that Goldman has an extensive side A D&O coverage and mentioned one of our competitors as primary needs to be understood in the context of what I know you know side A is and that is it only comes in to play if either the company is unable by state law to indemnify its employee or by virtue of its insolvency it cannot.  The kind of claims that were brought by the SEC for example, against Goldman, are clearly indemnifable results and there’s no indication that the company doesn’t intent to indemnify the individual who was named in those complaints. I don’t think the Goldman suit is going to have much impact on exposure of insurers. It’s a unique kind of action. First of all, it’s more likely to trigger E&O coverage than it is D&O coverage and a lot of the investment banks had a hard time buying E&O coverage. We certainly got out of that business a few years ago. Then secondly, the SEC damages sought are either for fines and penalties or disgorgement of ill gotten gains, two items that are excluded in our and most E&O policies. So even if they have E&O coverage it may very well not be included as a covered event. It’s also a transactional suit, it’s brought based on that single transaction that Goldman entered in to so it’s less likely to trigger a D&O claim.  The last point I would make is if there is a likelihood of a D&O claim, it would be that Goldman failed to disclose early enough that it was impending but the story suggests that Goldman was blindsided by the complaint and that they heard nothing from the SEC since it issued wealth notice in the summer of 2009. So I think even a D&O suit is probably unlikely. If it is, it’s not going to trigger side A coverage.
John D. Finnegan: Theoretically yes. That’s a good question. If there were a derivative suit against Goldman, defense costs would be covered and I’d prefer not to be a primary on the policy.
John D. Finnegan: Let me start with the last part of your question which is the outside of the US auto growth. First of all, it’s aided by currency fluctuation when we reported it and secondly, we’ve been aggressively growing auto in some countries, particularly Latin America, but we also provide it in Europe and some of the other Commonwealth countries. It has for the last several quarters been growing at a pace substantially higher than our US book has been growing and we’ve called that out on several occasions.
John D. Finnegan: I don’t think we usually break out reinstatement premiums. It’s not a substantial impact on our bottom line or even our growth except in the one line at fx.
John D. Finnegan: Josh, we should clarify that. When you ask about the reinsurance recoverable, it hasn’t gone up that much and it only really applies to Latin America. We don’t trigger with our deductibles and things, we’re not triggering any US resinsurance on any of those. There were a lot of storms. There was one fairly big one but we still haven’t reached the levels beyond our retention.
John D. Finnegan: First Josh I think it’s more like $51 to $52 price and $48 in book?Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: That’s correct.
John D. Finnegan: Stock buybacks at these levels are clearly accretive. The alternative investment opportunity is very low. The premium you’re paying on the buyback is very low. It’s a very accretive transaction at this point in time.
John D. Finnegan: Why credit losses haven’t increased in surety, is that what you’re asking?Paul Newsome – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP: Yes, that’s the question.
John D. Finnegan: Rates in financial D&O are clearly much better. I think they were up maybe 10 or 11 points in the quarter.
John D. Finnegan: No. Accident years 2008, 2009 the impact was negligible. The favorable development was all in slightly 2007 and then in prior years.
John D. Finnegan: Well, you’re right the tort reform movement has been under attack by the Plaintiff’s trail lawyers over the last couple of years and undoing the effect of that decision which created a higher pleading standards for the industry is one of them. I doubt that it would be retroactive but there’s no way of telling what’s going to happen in Congress today. If it is prospective only, it’s certainly not going to affect our book of claims that we have in house to date and we’ll deal with it from an underwriting perspective going forward.
John D. Finnegan: I wish I could operate with that level of precision. I don’t know that over turning the Stoneridge decision in and of itself would require or move the market towards increasing rates or that our customers would react to it. We did pretty well in this business before Stoneridge was decided and I don’t think that going back to the status quo ante in and of itself is a doomsday scenario although we certainly would much prefer that the legislation not pass.
John D. Finnegan: All of them. I mean employment clearly helps, macroeconomic clearly helps. Housing prices moving up and they don’t necessarily move in tandem, I mean housing prices were obviously over bought, they suffered significantly. It will take employment to bring housing prices back but it’s not clear that housing prices will quickly get back to where they once were. You’ve got to look at all of them.
John D. Finnegan: I guess that’s probably true. I couldn’t empirically prove it to you based on data we assembled but high net worth individuals are the ones that can more easily buy the kinds of second homes that we – 
John D. Finnegan: One interesting point here, a significant contributor to our growth in the past in homeowners has been our inflation guard feature which is a formulaic calculation of the cost of rebuilding since most of our homes are insured to replacement value. So if you’re a Chubb homeowner each year you’ll see an inflation guard increase in your homeowners premium. Well, as the economy started to tank, particularly over the past couple of years, the inflation guard increase got much more modest than it had been over previous years and it returned to economic vitality with increase both in commodity and labor rates are going to increase the formula and the legitimate inflation guard aspect of it.
John D. Finnegan: Well the obvious answer to your question which is a good one is that it makes me happier we moved several years ago to a higher proportionate excess position in the program than primary because defense cost go ups. Carriers have gotten better and insureds have cooperated with us more aggressively recently in trying to curtail litigation costs but if you’re playing primary that’s often a bigger part of your risk assessment in terms of your loss potential than the ultimate merits of the case.  We’re seeing modest increases in costs in our own defense management but we’re more aggressive these days apply litigation management guidelines to the costs being incurred by these law firms than we have in the past and we’re better at it. 
John D. Finnegan: Well sure, workers’ compensation would the lead, I guess general sales, general liability, workers’ comp. Stuff that you factor in based upon presumed employment levels or presumed sales levels. 
John D. Finnegan: No. In Europe for example, our homeowners policy for example covers trip interruption. We do have some of those claims in but we don’t think all up either under that exposure or trip cancellation or accident and health or event cancellation that we’re going to see anything significant out of this.
John D. Finnegan: Ian, clearly neither of us are actuaries but I think that is true for some of our long tail lines of business, such as umbrella and professional liability. But, for the short tail lines of business like property, like commercial and homeowners, the losses for the quarter materially affect our results. As I said, property losses were just very low in the quarter.
John D. Finnegan: We had almost no cats in 2009 which certainly helped and then back to your earlier question, linking up we’ve had very low – in the lines and we play claims sort of contemporaneously, we had very low losses so we didn’t pay much in the short tail lines.
John D. Finnegan: CCI declined 1% in the first quarter, rates were up 1% ,you have a currency impact of course that was positive so overall what you’re really talking about is exposure being down. Exposure was probably down 2.5% for the quarter.
John D. Finnegan: Right where we are now, almost on for five and 10 years, it’s almost where it is. If you go back far enough when we started pruning the book back in the late 90s early 2000s, we kind of led the charge there. Of course, we had combined ratios well in to the 100s at that point, our retention rates did fall off but I mean it’s been pretty darn consistent since then.
John D. Finnegan: As a base line case, over the years, we probably have somewhat higher rates than many of our competitors. We provide what we think is better service. So I don’t think that’s an unusual rate relationship. It sounds like if you went back in time five years you’d find we were underpricing the competitors. We would consider ourselves a top of market, a premium company.
John D. Finnegan: We’ve run over the last five year in excess of 15% on average and 15% or more in four of those five years.
John D. Finnegan: Quite often in professional liability the person making the claim is a third party so it’s a little bit different situation. I think our reputation was established probably mostly in property but as John said, our creditworthiness and our ability to work with the customer on the long tail line is also a positive. Creditworthiness is as much a differentiator in short tail, a much bigger differentiator in long tail.
John J. Degnan: Yes, the reinstatement premium for the Chilean earthquake for example showed up in the commercial multiple peril results and would make it look worse than it was but I think that’s the only one.
John J. Degnan: We don’t buy reinsurance to level earnings, we buy it to protect us against truly catastrophic losses. 
John J. Degnan: We don’t believe that would be true in our book. I mean we watch the creditworthiness of our accounts extremely closely, it’s what we underwrite to in this business unlike the property and casualty standard insurance. I can’t speak to the general supposition whether it’s accurate but we don’t have that concern in our book.
John J. Degnan: Well, it’s the first quarter. I would say that over the last three years we’ve had rate declines until recently and we’ve had loss trends tend to increase and so we’ve had margin compression. If you look back at accident year ex cat number over three years you’d see a deterioration. It hasn’t been massive but it’s been incremental. This quarter we had a very, very good quarter. If you exclude professional liability because you understand why we have a better what you call margin there or better accident year ultimate, and you look at let’s take personal lines, well personal lines is a short tail line of business. The bottom line was that we had less claims, less losses in homeowners this year than we had in recent years. That’s lumpy. That comes and goes. It was a good quarter. Last year’s first quarter was a little bit heavy in terms of non-cat losses. We had a lot of freezes and things that weren’t characterized as cats and we incurred some losses there. So it was a good quarter. That’s not really a speculative number, that’s really mostly related to the losses that you incur so it’s actually. Similarly in commercial we have some long tails and some short tails but in terms of the accident year performance, property stood out, commercial property. Again, it relates to we just didn’t have that many losses this quarter, better than expected. It really goes to the actual amount of losses we had and most of this is in short tail lines and it’s lumpy again. So we’re not saying that it’s going to be this way all year, we don’t know that. We had a very benign quarter in terms of homeowners and commercial property losses.
John J. Degnan: I agree with that, in our book of high net worth homeowners, clearly increased wealth which would staunch the down tick in [inaudible] being added by rider, would stimulate additional buying of high end homes and increase the amount of insurance being bought. But, they’re all important. 
John J. Degnan: Certainly we ensure them, they’re usually bigger but secondly, quite often they’re in high cat areas so we have limitations on the Florida’s of this world.
John J. Degnan: It’s not a big proportion of our book where we do retrospectively rated premiums. But John is right, it’s primarily workers’ comp and to some degree general liability.
John J. Degnan: No, we’re generally known in the industry for having sort of a white collar book of workers’ comp. We tend to cover professional firms and not heavy duty blue collar industrial firms. But, I wouldn’t call out any particular unit among them. To the extent that last year the decrease in employment is being offset this year even by no further decreases, even better by increases in employment, we’re going to get the benefit on the audit of increased premiums rather than the negative we took based on a relative basis.
John J. Degnan: I think why Ian is because the mix of income this quarter comes more heavily from investment income vis-à-vis underwriting income and obviously investment income attaches a lower tax rate because of our muni portfolio.
John J. Degnan: John, actually it was -2.9% but that was better than the 3.3% that we had for the full year last year and the 2.3% we had in the first quarter of 2009.
John J. Degnan: Well, we’re getting a modest uptick, we’re a better company. We’re getting a modest uptick in premiums but we sell to niche specialists who like and buy our kind of insurance.
John J. Degnan: Actually the longer tail lines tend to have larger limits exposure. So it’s not only the claim paying reputation of Chubb but it’s creditworthiness that tends to make us a better relative market in those areas.
John J. Degnan: No, that was the AIG auto bond subsidiary that lost the case in Louisiana before a state court judge. First of all Ian, it was a homeowners policy and I would point out two things, first our policy language happily is different than that that was before the state court there. We have a provision dealing with corrosion which was not present in the same form in the AIG policy so it would not be an absolute decision to our own exposure which in homeowners in Louisiana would be pretty modest anyway. Secondly, a state court decision in Louisiana as we saw in Katrina is not the end of the story. There’s an excellent federal district court judge in charge of a multi district litigation in Louisiana, the same guy who handled many of the Katrina claims who has made it pretty clear that he’s going to take an active role in managing these litigations and a decision there, particularly if it was on language was similar to ours would worry me somewhat more. With respect to the claims that might come out of Chinese drywall other than homeowners, you know they fall under a variety of different commercial policies. They can come under the general liability policy or an environmental site liability, or a contractor’s pollution liability. All of them have particular coverage issues which would not be impacted by that decision but which will affect coverage. In the couple of handfuls of claims that we have on the commercial side we’re often not the primary rider so the language will ultimately adjust the claim because as you know the excess carriers follow forms to the language of the primary policy, will not necessarily be ours. We’re looking at what we have and reserving where appropriate but at the moment we’re not regarding this decision as a materially significant aspect.
John J. Degnan: That’s a good question and I can’t really speak to that. I should remind you too every claim is unique and is factual circumstances and in the policy language. I’m talking generally about coverage but not about rendering a generalized coverage opinion.
Richard G. Spiro: I think Josh we are big proponents and fans of capital management. It’s part of our core operating principles. As I said earlier, we’re going to continue to review the size of our program in light of the factors that I highlighted but we have been pretty aggressively buying our stock back at the current levels because we think opportunistically it’s very attractive for us and I think we are going to continue to do that. As you know, over the last number of years we have bought back over six billion of our stock so it’s a core part of what we do. 
Richard G. Spiro: I think Ian if you look at the paid losses, 2008 was probably little bit higher than normal and that was driven by as you rightly point out catastrophes and a couple of other moving pieces. But, we would expect that that would calm down a little bit and has started to come down. I think 2008 was a bit of an outlier and things seem to have improved since then.
Richard G. Spiro: It’s more timing than anything else. We had some maturities and frankly given what we’re seeing in terms of investment opportunities in the marketplace today we’re being a little more cautious and waiting for things that we find attractive so it’s a combination of those factors. 
Richard G. Spiro: In terms of the regulatory issues, I mean the only one I think I would call out is Solvency II. In Europe we do have a European operation, a pretty significant one so they will be dealing with the capital requirement issues and the other related issues to Solvency II. As far as it goes in the US, I think it’s a little premature to be talking about what regulatory changes may or may not happen in the coming years.  As far as ROE, we don’t really talk about an ROE over a cycle. We tend to talk about historically getting 10 points better than the rate of inflation as sort of our target for returns on equity. So that is sort of what I would point you towards in thinking about what we’re looking for.
