Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan, and good morning, everyone. Consistent with the record earnings that Evan highlighted, other key financial metrics were also excellent, including a strong return on equity and book and tangible book value per share that now stand at all-time highs. Our strong performance produced operating cash flow of $2.6 billion for the quarter and a record $11.1 billion for the year. We continue to build on our balance sheet strength with capital of $76 billion and cash and invested assets of $124 billion. Our investment portfolio of $122 billion, supported by our positive operating cash flow, continues to be of a very high quality, which we expect will continue to support growth in our investment income. At the end of the year, our investment portfolio remained in an unrealized gain position of $2.3 billion after tax. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders, including $905 million in share repurchases and $342 million in dividends. For the year, we returned over $6 billion to shareholders, equaling 112% of our core earnings. This included $4.9 billion in share repurchases or 6.5% of our outstanding shares and dividends of $1.4 billion. As of December 31, $2.6 billion of the share repurchase authorization remains. In November, we issued $600 million of 30-year debt and $1 billion of 40-year debt at a very attractive weighted average cost of under 3%. The proceeds will be used to fund up to $1.1 billion of the purchase price of Cigna's business in Asia Pacific. The remainder will be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of $475 million of debt due in March 2023. Book and tangible book value per share increased 1.7% and 2.7%, respectively, from last quarter and 6.1% and 7.6%, respectively, from last year and now stand at all-time high of $139.99 and $94.38 per share, respectively. Our reported ROE for the quarter and the year was 14.4% and 14.3%, respectively. Our core operating return on tangible equity for the quarter and year was 17.7% and 15.3%, respectively. While our core operating ROE for the quarter and year was 11.6% and 9.9%. Adjusting for the mark-to-market gains on our private equity portfolio, our core operating ROE was 13.1% for the quarter and 13.6% for the year. As I have noted in the past, our investment income is based on many factors. We met our quarterly investment income target of $900 million this quarter after a few quarters of exceeding it, reflecting slightly lower distributions on our PE portfolio compared to recent quarters. We continue to expect our quarterly run rate to be approximately $900 million in 2022. Pre-tax catastrophe losses for the quarter were $275 million, primarily from weather-related events, with about $214 million in the U.S. and $61 million internationally. We had favorable prior period development of $145 million pre-tax, which included $364 million of favorable development for direct COVID-related liabilities from accident year 2020. We recognized a net charge of $375 million related to the $800 million pending settlement with of Boy Scouts of America that we previously announced. The net charge takes into account reinsurance and our previously carried reserve. We also recognized $53 million of adverse development related to asbestos as part of our annual reserve review. Excluding these items, the remaining development was essentially all favorable development in short tail lines principally in our property and A&H lines. Our reserve position remained strong, with net reserves increasing by $3.8 billion or 7.4% in constant dollars for the year. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 98%, primarily reflecting significant net catastrophe loss payments, the seasonality of our crop insurance business and favorable prior period development. Adjusting for these items, our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 78%. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the year was 81%. Our core operating effective tax rate was 15.7% for the quarter and 15.4% for the year. For 2022, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate will increase slightly to be in the range of 15.5% to 17.5%. I'll turn the call back over to Karen.
Peter Enns: Sure. Look, for both Cigna and Huatai, in terms of how we're going to finance them, we expect to finance them using existing cash resources and cash flow. We do not expect to issue any additional debt nor issue any equity. And we don't expect either to have any impact on our dividend nor our buybacks.
Peter Enns: I mean, I think, Elyse we need to -- they've asked for comment mid-March. And then after that, they're going to go away and make their decisions and publish their model. So we need to let them finish getting their input and doing their work and making their decisions. Based on what we know now, we don't expect any change in consequence to our capital position.
Evan Greenberg: No. I just gave you -- there's actually -- it's something that happens every quarter and has been happening every quarter. We've been -- terms and conditions have been -- along with pricing are have been a reality for the last couple of years. And the only thing we did was I just refined to give a better sense when I listen to discussions about exposure, there is simply discussion about economic exposure changes generally, and I thought it might be helpful to just, not for the sake of the number, but to sensitize you investors better to the fact that there are two kinds of exposure changes that take place. So I was just I was just doing that not because there was anything particular this quarter, but better for your education. That's it. And it's not something I intend to always do. I haven't done it really in the past and I don't know, I was more ambitious.
Evan Greenberg: Well, why would it slow down sequentially? I mean, it was a great growth quarter. It was a double-digit quarter in commercial lines growth. Wow, that's the eight out of nine quarters. And by the way, the fourth quarter was one of the strongest quarters we've had for growth. And there's a certain seasonality that occurs in commercial lines. But you know what, overall, I think it was an outstanding growth. So there you go. And the market, the market is -- you're in an acute phase of hard market and then you go into different phases of the hard market where it begins to heal, others start writing business and there you go, but an outstanding growth.
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to quantify any of that. What I'm going to say is this, a couple of points. Number one, we have always managed our reserves prudently, conservatively. As you know, we recognize bad news early. We're slow to recognize good news, understanding the development patterns that occur and are not 100% predictable with precision in our business. Secondly, COVID, and we've said this for many quarters, impacted the reporting and the incurred pattern of claims: courts shut down, businesses shut down, et cetera. And to be able to accurately project that is a fool's errand. And so, we've taken the approach since the beginning of COVID that the ultimate trend pattern doesn't change, the reporting pattern may change. And that naturally, as we look at prior year reserve developments as well as our current year picks, is impacted by that. I think, I answered your question.
Evan Greenberg: We don't call it a drag. We maintain our capital position. Our philosophy doesn't change. And we maintain surplus capital for good things. And we're in the risk business, so we maintain for opportunity, and we maintain surplus capital for risk.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I'm not going to give you a forward guidance, Elyse. But I'm going to give you a couple of thoughts. Number one, on one hand, the acquisition ratio has also improved because consumer lines have become a smaller percentage of the total business as commercial lines has grown and consumer lines initially shrank and then has been recovering slowly. So you'll naturally see a change that way and the acquisition ratio over time as consumer lines grows more quickly. On the other hand, on the G&A side, we already run the lowest in the industry. And two things are occurring. One, we are investing for the future, and we are hardly slowing down in that -- in the digitization of the company and the transformation of how we do business. And that's going to -- that pays dividends, and we'll continue to pay dividends. So we will invest. On the other hand, we continue to achieve efficiencies as a result of things like straight-through processing and robotics and other activities. So I'm not going to forecast for the future, but I feel pretty good about where we are in G&A.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Elyse, you -- I appreciate your sentiment, but you don't do the model, I would be -- I think it would be great if you want to work for S&P. But Peter, anyway, go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: I don't know. I'm not going to forecast. Sorry, I can't help you with worksheet that way. I'm not going to forecast both economic exposure change. I mean, I ask the Fed. And nor on the underwriting side, though, I do anticipate that the underwriting side is probably getting closer to a steady state.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, we'll give you a little color around that. Paul O'Connell, our Chief Actuary, I'm going to ask him to comment on that.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. The first thing comment to say to you is, which I've said before, we each have our hell to live in. I certainly got mine and you've got yours, too. So I can only do so much and you have to divine Oracle, what you think. Look, I can't give you -- I don't have in my head, none of us sitting here right now having our head or actually would be able to guess with any precision how much of the growth was due to economic activity reopening, except as we look at exposure change. And that's not -- we don't have a good handle on that outside the US with precision. And -- on one hand. But the vast, vast majority of our growth was market share and rate and that's just all there is to it. And Chubb is firing on all cylinders that way, and we are dominant competitor to reckon with across geographies and portfolio segments. When I get to the consumer business, the consumer business is going to continue in my judgment to improve as the year goes along. And I tried to give you some color of signs of that that we see. Travel is picking up in most of the regions of the world. Consumer spending and financing activities are returning. Purchases are returning. I mean, we're one of the -- we're the largest cell phone insurer in Europe from what we know and growing quickly in other parts of the world, as an example, we see that beginning to recover and do better as people go to stores to buy cell phones. But I can't predict with any precision because there's a certain volatility to it. So how it's going to move quarter-by-quarter, I can't predict that to you. But what I can tell you is, in everything we see and all of our planning, and then I look at all the new partnerships we put on and continue to put on that open up further strength to it, consumer lines is going to be return as a growth engine as we go forward. What that level is, I can't predict with precision.
Evan Greenberg: We -- it's interesting. I'll give you a comment on short tail and long tail and that's why I also said, it's not -- the loss environment is hardly benign and then throw into that, you have inflation, you have social inflation or, as you know, and I'm using that word though, I think it's too blunt instrument a word and I disaggregated, but it's casualty-related. You have natural cat and climate change that is causing loss inflation, modeled and non-modeled on the cat side, on the property side of the business as well. And you have cyber, which is a growing exposure in a very hostile environment and that the industry has to continue to come to grips with. At Chubb, I feel good that we're managing and vigilant. And all of our management and vigilance turns into action and continued action because otherwise, it's just a bunch of talk. And I feel good about that in our businesses. When I look at inflation, the way you're asking it, when I look at short tail, it shows up in homeowners. It's not showing up to the same degree in aggregate in commercial property. On the other hand, we see inflation in -- that shows up in severity of loss. And on the other hand, we've seen benefits from frequency of loss ex-cat, and some of that is COVID related, et cetera, we have in our own pricing. So I gave you a loss cost number that is the observable inflation we see today, but we do anticipate and have been anticipating that, of course, what you see generally and general inflation will find its way more into commercial property, and we have considered that in how we reserve claims that come in. Number two, in casualty, on the casualty side, severity in a number of classes continues to increase. And on the other hand, you have had the benefit of reduction from in frequency due to COVID in certain classes of business. We think that is -- it's obvious. The amount of claims per exposure -- per dollar of exposure over time is going to revert to the mean unless something so fundamental in society has changed and that's nothing we can see. And so we continue to recognize that in our pricing and reserves because it's a timing question. And there, I think I gave you a mouthful, Greg, and hopefully…
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Look we're off the marketplace and over the world, and we’re competing for talent. And I want the best and brightest to work here, and it's a marketplace for that. And certainly, compensation is one of the drivers, also culture and working for a winner and a place that gives you opportunity is also compelling to the kind of person we want to attract. But we have wage inflation, no different than the kind of inflation others are talking about. In aggregate, I see it in the 3.5%, 4% range.
Evan Greenberg: It does. And we'll update you more later in the year about Huatai as we get closer to approvals and all that. We'll give you more information.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Look, you set it right on one hand. And -- but let's just extend the thought a little bit. We've taken much rate in portfolio underwriting action over the past few years and that includes much more sophisticated pricing capability. On 2021, get -- don't look at the quarter, look at the year, is an excellent result. And I'm not going to provide forward guidance, as you know. But we do expect the combination and so it's really a combination of continued benefit from our actions, but coupled with some reversion to the mean, given likely beneficial impacts from frequency due to COVID in 2021. And I think that answers your question for you.
Evan Greenberg: We're an equal opportunity competitor. We're taking share -- have been increasing share. And in particular, we're increasing our writings, that's what I care about. Across the board, it's been in most all product lines. It's been most all customer segments, most all geographies, North America and internationally. And it's not -- it's a combination. And remember, when you're looking at high retention rates, and that's why I gave you two numbers, well, it's pretty easy to look at a high retention rate when the level of -- on a premium basis when the level of rate increases are running as they are. And so you get that as a financial number, but it doesn't really tell you on an operating, the operating answer. That's more based on unit retention. And I gave you that, which is very high. So you probably want to be poking around on that. And -- but we have -- we came into this market with a clear mind, knowing our mind, knowing our sense of risk appetite, pricing requirements and across segments, across geographies, and we are ready to jump off the mark. And when we could see that it was conditions that were favorable to our view of risk adjusted return, and that's all we've executed on. And we're doing it relentlessly. COVID be damned.
Evan Greenberg: Chubb has been present in the marketplace. Though all the time or not, it's not a question, but we are present.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I don't know. I'm pretty at rest at the moment. And I don't notice a lot of activity out there at the moment. This is a great time to grow. And we've made a couple of moves that I'm very focused on. And of course, stay tuned.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Tracy, I don't see it as really an immediate impact. I don't think of it that way. This is a very rare asset for a foreigner to be able to purchase. It has a lot of potential with it. When you think about its non-life, it's life, it's asset management, mutual funds, retail and institutional, have licenses to manage pension money, have a license to manage insurance companies' assets. It has 600 offices throughout the provinces. It's reasonably small, $1.25 billion, $1.5 billion of P&C premium, about $1 billion of life premium with now 35,000, 40,000 agents. The growth potential, if you believe, which I do, that China will continue to grow and we'll continue to emerge, though it won't be in a straight line, but that as a society and the size and scale, it requires a much larger insurance and financial services industry and requires much greater private sector participation. They can't do it in a state-controlled manner or just won't sustain the kind of growth that it requires. And that over time, China moves to the left, it moves back to the center, a little more to the right, that will occur. And then when I look at Huatai itself, its potential within any of its businesses is huge, but it takes time. It takes time to effect strategy, train people, implement strategy and be patient that you take risk when you can get adequately paid and you don't break discipline. All of that is in front of us. And I look at it over a five to seven-year time horizon. And it's the -- it's one of the next great peaks for Chubb to climb and we will.
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't see -- not that I noticed some lingering COVID impacts. And timing is going to be in the first half of the year. That's as far as we're going to pin it. And we'll update you a bit more when we close on an updated view of what we might expect.
Evan Greenberg: But we're not going to do it maturely because then I'm speculating, and we're not going to do that. The one thing I will tell you is there's not going to be a rolling close. There's going to be one close.
Evan Greenberg: That's why -- thing you're saying is not exactly relevant tangentially so, but not in the way you might be thinking.
Evan Greenberg: Well, every country -- I mean, if you ask me the -- my confidence in the rule of law globally. Well, there's a wide spectrum of variation among all the countries of the world, including starting right here in the United States, where people legally torture the contract to death for getting the intent of coverage. So I wouldn't throw a stone at China on that basis. And I'd say that China fits right into the spectrum of countries that way. We've been doing business there. I've been doing business there for 30 years, and the company has been doing business there for 20 years now. So we know something about it. With that said, casualty related coverage is no different than the court system in China. And commercial law and law around individual responsibility that is evolving and has been evolving and those portfolios have been growing as well. And we underwrite though, understanding the risk environment. As an example, and I'll just give you one example and just to add a little color to it. You're going to underwrite D&O in the United States, well, you get pretty darn good accounting disclosure. And if I'm going to underwrite D&O in China, buyer beware, there's not the same level, nor veracity in many instances to accounting disclosure. We understand that. It doesn’t mean that it's a binary answer either. So I will leave you with that to chew on, Ryan.
