Evan Greenberg: Well you know, the rate, it’s all baked into it, of course; but the rate environment accelerated in property, and I think that speaks for itself, as you know, where it’s about the loss environment particularly around cat and inflation costs and property generally, and reinsurance costs have moved up in property, and I think that’s a--you know, in total that’s a very rational response. In casualty, loss cost trends have been moving higher and I think it’s reflective of the trend we’ve been observing over the last number of years. It’s not a new story, it’s a story we’re aware of and on top of, but I think it’s rational. You know, you see comp and professional lines, I talked about going the other way, so I think the market frankly and the reacceleration is a rational response to the external environment.
Evan Greenberg: You know, cat losses are never in line with--particularly with expectations. They’re either greater or less than you might imagine in any quarter on the average annual loss PIC you would choose for that. This was a very heavy cat quarter for the industry, and I think most companies have reported significantly higher cat losses than average. I don’t think there’s any particular magic as to why Chubb’s was lower. We underwrite well, we have a good spread of business, we select risk well; but that doesn’t mean we choose where a--it translates to we choose where a tornado is going to land and come down. If it had moved 10 miles to the east or west, we could have had greater losses. It’s a variation. It has variability quarter on quarter, and we had a very good experience this quarter. Thanks for the question.
Evan Greenberg: The current accident year loss ratio, it reflects the totality of the commercial business, so it’s a mix of all the lines, right? Property and casualty rate and price exceed loss cost, and that is potentially a positive to the ultimate loss ratio margin. In the case of comp and financial lines, rate and price lag the selected trends, and in that case the ultimate margin is potentially shrinking or it’s neutral. Our loss PIC reflects all of that, and we’re patient and we lean towards conservatism in our loss PICs. 
Evan Greenberg: I think for the business we’ve written, yes, the rates are adequate for our portfolio, and our loss PICs reflect that. The kind of combined ratio we’re putting up has a mix of all of that in there and it speaks for itself.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, and thanks for that question. We’ve been employing AI for quite a number of years now - five or six years, anyway, and particularly it’s algorithmic AI, not generalized or large language models. It’s employed in the operations side of the business, to a degree in the underwriting and claims side and the marketing side, chatbots, etc. There have been a lot of experiments and use cases that prove themselves out, and we’re now in a stage where we’re scaling and will over the next two or three years to receive what we think are significant benefits out of that, insightfulness and abilities in underwriting and in claims in discrete areas in the service side of our business where we see cost and lower level work that can come out or improve in its accuracy. All of that is things we know and we’re scaling the tools. At the same time, as you can imagine, we are on the large language models and the potential benefit that that will ultimately bring beyond algorithmic, particularly in underwriting and claims and the ability to work--either replace work that is done or make it more accurate, or work alongside underwriters. It’s not a silver bullet, and we’re doing this on a global basis, some regions more in marketing, some more focused on portfolio underwriting. But yet, whatever anyone is doing spreads to the other, and it’s just where we start on one and end with another. The generalized and large language is going to be iterative, it will be over time. If you think about insurance and the parameterization risk or factor around what we do, how many lines of business, the exposures, the geographies you cross, and so by its nature it’s going to be iterative and take longer than some of the breathless rhetoric that I hear, but we’re focused on that as part of what a modern insurance company is going to look like and is looking like.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, look - I don’t disagree with anything you said, but you’ll notice at the same time, our property insurance business is growing, like, 40% right now, and that’s a combination of rate and exposure, and some of that exposure is not premium, by the way, it’s structural changes and it’s unit count. It’s a lot of exposure growing.  In property cat, that’s growing more exposure as we grow that, and it’s growing it in the tail. When we look at the risk-reward--and by the way, the property insurance as we grow it across geographies is also growing exposure in the tail. We prefer to put our emphasis on the property insurance business, and the spread of risk we’re getting, we’ve never seen better pricing and better risk-adjusted returns than we see right now in large account, E&S, middle market, in a variety of geographies across the globe. We’re putting more emphasis on that than we are on property cat. We don’t think the risk-adjusted returns are as favorable - plain and simple.
Evan Greenberg: It’s in rate or it’s in exposure. We look at it, but we don’t go that far and start disclosing that. What you’ve got to know is look at our overall premium growth, our retention rates that we give you - it’s very healthy, and then what you can see is, wow, this is the amount of rate and price that goes against loss cost, so you can get a transparency around that. You don’t add the two together, they’re not comparable that way. They’re answering two different questions.
Evan Greenberg: No, and it’s interesting - we’re kind of looking at each other like, we haven’t noticed that the second quarter in particular is a heavy LPT quarter. They kind of come lumpy through the year.
Evan Greenberg: [Indiscernible] but you know, we’re feeling good. You saw what I said in the commentary and what I said in the press release, that we’re going to continue in this sort of pattern. I’m not putting a number on it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, as you statutorily have seen, we write a sizeable book, and I don’t know that we’ve disclosed the total global premium but what I would tell you is, is we’re one of the top--you know, I don’t have the updated numbers, so I want to be careful, but we’re in the top 3 of cyber writers, maybe the top 2 of cyber writers globally. The business is growing in certain segments for us, but the overall business is growing and the rate environment has leveled off. Terms and conditions on what we underwrite are form. We were first to--really leaders to roll out a form that addresses systemic risk to a greater degree and addresses the severity in ransomware and other one-offs. The underwriting, we’re vigilant about it. The growth, we’re growing it. The pricing, it’s pretty good in most segments. There’s some segments that need rate, and in those areas we’re leaning back a little bit. That’s what I’d tell you about cyber.
Evan Greenberg: We’ve increased it in the last--earlier in the year. You know, there’s two things: one, mindful of medical inflation, and number two, payroll increases. On one hand, that benefits exposure change, as we just talked about rate and price, and on the other hand, wages go up and that translates to severity on the indemnity side. Those two things together rationally are going to push up your PIC on loss cost and comp.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’m not--first of all, we have plenty of capital flexibility. That is not a question. We are not constraining organic growth whatsoever, and I can tell you--I would make two comments to you. We are not on the acquisition hunt. We are focused on what we--there is so much opportunity around what we’ve got and strategy around organic growth. In Asia, we are just full up, it’s fabulous. In North America and other parts of the world, we’ve got plenty of growth opportunity and that’s what we’re getting after. We’ve got a great rate environment to take on more exposure in areas like property, and we are taking--it’s not a question of capital, it’s a question of are you willing to take on the volatility that goes along with it, and we are because we think we’re getting paid well for that. It’s a good thing to invest in with shareholder capital, and that’s our priority. That’s what we’re focused on. Then, you used the word JV. I read the same article, and you know what? Don’t believe what you read.
Evan Greenberg: No. You know, Tracy, it’s more case specific. The only thing the reviver statutes as they open up them does, it opens up the top of the funnel, so more potential losses from years past, legacies going way back, events flowing to the top of the funnel, and then eventually some ripen, some percentage of them ripen into claims and cases, and ultimately in incurred. When we see a liability, we’re going to reflect it.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it depends on the state. It varies. Some have opened it up more broadly and some, it’s only about--most, it’s only about child abuse. 
Evan Greenberg: Wait a minute - I think I have a colleague who may be correcting me about that. No? Okay. No. The answer was right.
Evan Greenberg: You know, about 80%, 90% of the business is straight up accident and health business, the same kind of business we write on the non-life side. In the life side, you write a longer duration policy, and they’re all individual policies, so on the non-life side I may direct market the same kind of products and they’re annually renewable and they have a certain lapse rate to them, and on the life side I may sell through them agents and/or through direct marketing, and it’s dread disease and it’s hospital cash and it’s cancer and it’s accident insurance, and it will be sold predominantly--most of the book we have are individual policies and they are longer duration, which adds great stability, a long term asset. Then there is a percentage, but it’s a minority percentage of the business where it’s tied to a savings and protection policy, but yet we load it up with accident and health riders, so you’re going to buy a large amount of protection, the stuff we love, alongside a very traditional, much lower risk savings product that’s either on a par basis, where okay, any interest rate risk is fundamentally to the customer and we share the upside with them, or it’s got extremely low guarantees, like in the 1% range or 2% in a whole life policy, that’s it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It varies by state. I think it’s pretty well known to you, it’s not hidden. We are employing where we want to grow exposure and we need more flexibility of terms or of rates. We are using E&S to a greater extent as a tool to be able to take more exposure and do it in a thoughtful way and shape portfolios, and we do that both in states where exposure is concentrated in cat, and we’re also doing it in states where the regulatory environment doesn’t allow us greater flexibility to be able to actually serve the public’s need. 
Evan Greenberg: Well, I don’t think it’s--yes, on the margin, there is that. But we have a really distinct, strong brand, and Meyer, I think the recognition of our brand and service, all things being equal, more customers, it’s proven, in our cohort want to buy Chubb, and then it’s a question of price and terms. There have been competitors who have been overly competitive in the area, and I think of--you know, in the past, naively so or for other reasons, have underpriced risk. We’re in a market know, I think, where there’s greater discipline in the business, and that creates opportunity for us, in addition to the notion of others who may have gotten it wrong and they’re pulling back. Now, we don’t have an endless appetite, and we will shape our portfolio; but we’re using every tool we can to take more risk and more exposure in a balanced way, not to become the cat writer of high net worth but the national writer of high net worth, balanced, and to do that in a thoughtful and sound way that is enduring.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I can’t speak for the industry, but I can speak for Chubb. I like the level of rate we are securing and the terms and conditions against the various cohorts of casualty we write, and I think we’re--I know we’re staying on top of loss development and loss trends, and then we reflect it in the pricing and the terms. I have said in previous quarters that I thought these lines needed to move, and in fact they are.
Evan Greenberg: Well, pretty simply I’d say this - look at our track record. We’ve been doing this for how long, how many decades, through all kinds of cycles, and look at our reserve policy and look at our reserving track record. And by the way, Peter just made some expansive comments around prior period reserve development, which is simply a reflection of strength of reserve. We are quite confident and comfortable with the level of our reserves.
Greg Peters: Well, I think it might be close to, what, 8:30 pm your time, Evan, so I’m going to say good evening to you and your management team. 
Greg Peters: It’s almost bedtime, right?  For my first question, in your prepared comments, you spoke about innovation and specifically in Asia, and there’s been a lot of rhetoric in the marketplace--you know, it’s been ongoing, but it seems to have accelerated this year around artificial intelligence, large language models, generative AI, and we obviously closely monitor your expense ratio, so maybe you could spend a minute and talk about your perspectives on these very important technology developments and how you think about it for your company, not only in North America but on a global basis.
Greg Peters: I feel like we could probably have a long conversation on that topic. Appreciate the comments. I need to pivot as my follow-up question to the reinsurance business--
Greg Peters: I don’t know if I can make it there tomorrow. Reinsurance - you know, you look at what’s going on in the market, and I know you’re very close to it, it seems like especially in property cat, it seems like these conditions, some of the hardest market conditions we’ve experienced in 20-plus years, and yet if I look at your global reinsurance business and look at the growth, it seems like you’re not really growing your exposures, you’re just growing your rate. Maybe you could provide some perspective on how you’re looking at the reinsurance business in the context--and maybe your perspective is the rate’s still inadequate, but give your perspectives on the reinsurance market. That’d be helpful.
