Evan Greenberg: It’s funny how people think about rate right now. And this obsession with our rate increases decelerating the rate of increase decelerating, accelerating, where is it and nothing is [ph] trying to achieve. You’re trying to achieve a risk adjusted return, which translates to a combined ratio that is at least adequate to return a good risk adjusted return. So let’s call that, 15% or it depends on the line of business, let’s call it 15%. And as you approach that, as you achieve it, do you need to keep increasing rates? So you ask yourself that question. And you need rates to remain there, you got to achieve at least loss cost. We’re achieving. We have more and more of our portfolio and its proprietary, so I will not go into what percentages of the portfolio are at a proper risk adjusted return in terms of combined ratios on a policy year and accident your basis. We measure both. And with that, in total, look at the overall level of rate increase. And look at the margin between the rate and exposure and loss cost. Now with that, let me go a step further for you, because of this obsession about this. When I look at the third quarter and fourth quarter last year, and I measure the first quarter against it right now, and I’m taking the time on this question, because I know all of your colleagues or most of them have this question on their mind. When I look at the level of rate increase this quarter measured against prior, okay? Property in North America in aggregate got rate increases in the mid-teens, which is about 2 point to 3 points lower than it was in -- when I look at the average of the third quarter and fourth quarter last year. Property has been getting rate on, rate on, rate on, rate. When I look at primary casualty, the rates are up. They’re higher than they were on the average. When I look at excess and umbrella, the rate of increase is flat, with the average of the quarters. When I look at financial lines, the rate of increase is flat with prior quarters. When I look at marine, it’s up. When I look at aviation, it’s flat to down. When I do this internationally kind of the same trend, property down 2 points to 3 points, the rate of increase from what it was the other two quarters. Primary casualty is flat. Excess and umbrella the rate of increase is flat. Financial line is up. And marine is down. So, no, sorry, marine is up and aviation is down a little bit. So you know what, I think that gives you guys as much color as I can give you and to answer that question that from every angle I can that I know is on everyone’s mind. You know what, the conditions are excellent. Thank you very much for the question, Mike.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you can imagine Michael is steady as she goes. We have clear minds and we are at rest. We adopt our buybacks from a $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion, and we will actively resume that. We had to take a pause during the -- this episode with Hartford and beyond that steady as she goes. We got capital for risk and opportunity and we are patient people.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Most of them are bloated. Look at our expense ratio in absolute terms versus others our operating expense ratio. And North America is in the single digits and continuing to head marginally lower and it will through efficiencies, which I have talked about numerous times that with technology and in all forms, so I won’t go into it in great detail, but analytics, robotics, straight through processing, et cetera. We are on track to continue to drive efficiencies in the operations. And the same in overseas, general the difference there is, you’re across 50 some odd countries. And so by its nature, you have a different expense structure and it continues to improve. So we’re growing our commercial -- our P&C business, the commercial businesses at a rate far in excess of growing operating expense, operating expenses of marginally. So we’re leveraging against that. Both exposure and policy count is up. But you’re also got the added benefit, which drives the ratio down of simply price increase that feeds in there also, It runs a lower acquisition cost then does the consumer lines business, but it runs a higher loss ratio. That’s just axiomatic and true, but that business will continue to operate in the range that it’s in that you see right now, up or down a couple of tenths of a percent in my mind as we look forward. The consumer businesses will come back. And as they come back, they have that higher acquisition cost, the operating expense, so the internal expense ratio will go down, because you will have more volume returning against it. But the acquisition ratio, which will remain steady within the line, it will become a greater mix of our total and so that’ll go the other way. It’s just natural. And -- but that business then runs a lower loss ratio, the margins are excellent as you know. So maybe that gives you the color you’re looking for.
Evan Greenberg: Let’s see if I answer it this way for you. The marketplace in terms of rate is striving -- the marketplace, because you operate within the marketplace, is striving for two things. And that is you have those who have a hole to fill, because they have deficiency in lines of business. Remember, the industry operates like a giant retro. And then they also need rate for adequacy today. That’s the marketplace. If you have operated at adequacy along the way, you don’t have that first part that hold the film and achieving market rate, you’re achieving better than adequate and not benefits. You will see we’re in a -- we’re certainly in an active loss cost period when you remove the transient impact of COVID. And so we’ll see how it all plays in terms of a margin. We play things conservatively. But we are receiving rate that ensures the portfolio will achieve adequacy in terms of risk adjusted rate of return across the book and if we have more than that, well, that’ll just speak for itself over time.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. And my god, you’re looking at about 0.5 point change. So, let’s just keep it in perspective. You have a couple of things. So in the short tail lines, you have non-modeled cat loss that is on an accelerated trend. Everyone sees it. You know that. I’ll stop -- I’ll move on from there, but that finds its way into your -- if you’re prudent in your expected loss cost. Secondly, on the casualty side, given the litigation environment and across different lines of business, we have watched and have talked about it endlessly. That it is the loss cost environment there is not benign and so as we always relentlessly study our trends across each class, we reflected over a period of time in how we view loss cost and we react very quickly, particularly if there’s any bad news, we react very slowly to goodness. And so it’s -- those two that are conspire between short and long tail.
Evan Greenberg: No. David, no news in a quarter. We just do study that we look at -- we’re looking at years past and trending forward. When you think about these things, they don’t -- you don’t react, the loss cost trends aren’t based upon news of this or that in any given quarter. They’re based on a more stable period of time and a much bigger data set obviously.
Evan Greenberg: So, great question. The business is overwhelmingly Asia. Latin America, think predominantly, Chile, and Banco de Chile and our partnership with them. And Chile is a great market, but Chile has truly been suffering from COVID and the lockdown. And while it’s a very good business, it has some headwind in terms of growth related to that, but it’s coming back and that’ll continue to do very well, spent distribution, both branch and direct marketing related. It’s more credit related type products and short-term than it is long-term product. Though there is a mix of that in the portfolio. When you go to Asia, the growth is coming predominantly right now and in this quarter, Vietnam, Thailand, Hong Kong, Taiwan doing well and our business in Korea getting better, but it’s small. And I don’t know it’ll take a while to cast shadow. What’s not consolidated in those numbers, but we -- that we add as a line item, because we don’t have over 50% yet, is the increase in Guantai [ph], which is doing well. And by the way, we are on our path and it’s a very sensitive moment. So I don’t want to talk about it much. But that will consolidate. I’m confident we’ll finish what we got to get done to -- be able to consolidate Guantai and that life business is growing well. So, the organic growth and those are agency-based businesses for the most part, with some direct marketing as well, particularly in Thailand and bank distribution in Taiwan. But if you look at Vietnam, Thailand, Hong Kong, China and those are predominantly -- those are agency businesses, where agency force is growing. These are long-term products. Guarantees are extremely low, like in the 1% to 2% range. And there’s a healthy mix of savings and protection products. And that business is, we built it from dust predominantly and it’s cast and a shadow. It’s a few billion dollars now and I see great growth potential for that. As regards M&A, I made the statement. When I came to the end of my commentary, I said, we have lots of optionality. We have optionality, when we’re looking at opportunity. What that means is across product lines, across geographies, across customer segments and that includes the life insurance business. And if we found the right thing and it was accretive to our strategy. That was good for shareholders. We wouldn’t hesitate for a minute. Thanks for the question.
Evan Greenberg: I don’t -- there’s nothing on the horizon that I see that I -- that tells me we’re going to really decelerate in the commercial area. It varies by businesses as we look at it. But we’re feeling very good about it.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. It’s a -- it’s not a new issue to us. We’ve been on top of it for a while, the reviver statutes. They produce lots of notices. They then start to ripen and you get fax. And you are match -- you’re able to match them up against coverages that were in force at a period of time and as they do, we recognize any life of we have been and continue to recognize liabilities that we have against those and that is all baked into our published loss ratios that you see. The reviver statutes have been open for a period of time and so in most all jurisdictions, the reported notices of circumstances have decelerated tremendously from when they first opened up. There are some states that are continuing to consider opening up reviver statutes and there’s, and so this is an event that the industry deals with over time, these things evolve over time. I might add, we’re very sympathetic to those and it breaks your heart where you see the circumstances of children abused by adults sexually and were there for real. Then on the other side of the coin, the trial bar is a money making machine and there is -- that combined with new technologies of social media and litigation funding, they see it as another dog bowl they eat out of. And there is also a lot of suspect and specious behavior that is involved here. And our job is to tease out what’s real and defend against anything that that we suspect is just for we’ll got gain.
Evan Greenberg: Doesn’t make any sense to me at this point? Look at combined ratios of most, look at the loss environment. And I’ll tell you what, I think, the industry overall is not in a place where it has achieved adequate risk adjusted when you consider both things I talked about. And by the way, we are driving. I can’t speak about the industry. But I’ll tell you what Chubb is grow -- just look at it. Chubb is growing exposure. We’re achieving rate and we are growing a lot of business. Because it’s at prices that we think are adequate to produce an adequate risk adjusted return. Our new business was up over 20%. Well, and our renewal retentions are high. We’re growing. We’re growing market share, because the pricing is right. You’re in on risk business. Pricing is an adequacy is where you start. That’s as good as I can give you Yaron. Beyond that you’re over thinking it.
Evan Greenberg: I -- You know what I -- I don’t know enough. And we have both the corporate tax rate that that could go up. They are talking 21 going to 25 or 28. We’ll see how that plays. And then, secondly, you’ve got guilty and beat. And then you’ve got the notion of a minimum global tax rate multilateral agreement with OECD. All of these plates are spinning. The green book is not yet out. That would tell us any detail of what’s in the tax reform for -- the tax increase, heck, it’s not a reform, proposal. And so we don’t even know what the administration is yet proposing other than in headlines and so we really can’t speculate at this point. We just don’t know. When it comes out, we’ll have a better sense and then it’s got to run the gauntlet in Congress and we’ll see from there. I can’t speculate at this point, Yaron.
Evan Greenberg: Brian, I don’t know what you’re thinking about. I don’t know what you guys are thinking about. But I -- we have always operated the company conservatively and I’m not going to -- I’m going to stop right there.
Evan Greenberg: I will say this to you, let’s say, we produced over 2 points of margin improvement. It was an accident year combined ratio of 85.2%, My God, world class.
Evan Greenberg: So, not a change of strategy. Not a change of strategy there. We have -- it varies by line of business. There’s mixed within there. And then there is also within some lines of business, we have increased our net appetite.
Evan Greenberg: Look, the chapter with the Hartford is closed. We have moved along. And beyond that, Ryan, I’m not going to now engage and talk about past events.
Evan Greenberg: First of all, Ryan, with all the respect, your comment about tangible book is a nonsense comment. It was dilutive to begin with to tangible and then it…
Evan Greenberg: And so I don’t know what, how you’re thinking about it, it’s hard to do M&A that isn’t dilutive to tangible and then the question is, is -- in the first moment and then the question is, is how creative is it and how quickly do you return. So, with all due respect, I don’t think you’re thinking clearly. Number two, let me make one --I’m not going to go into Chubb’s metrics of what’s most important, that’s not important here, and by the way, every deal has its own signature. And so you want it to fit on a bumper sticker and it doesn’t work that way. But I’m going to make one comment about M&A today. EPS accretion, when you use a lot of cash, this immediate lift, that’s really easy. And I don’t miss that one, whatsoever. None of us do. So that’s the easiest metric. That’s not what it’s about when you measure wealth creation value. Thank you very much for the question.
Evan Greenberg: Non-travel. Yeah. It’s a -- Meyer, it’s a -- it’s -- remember we don’t do a lot of health insurance, it’s supplemental health and accident business. So, it’s fundamentally stable and actually up a few points. Rates have been moving up particularly in the corporate travel area, the commercial business.
