John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We have strong results in the fourth quarter and after experiencing record catastrophe losses in the first 9 months, I'm happy to say that we had a much lower level of cats this quarter. Given the continued weakness in the global economy and low-interest rates, we're especially pleased that we produced $452 million of net income for the quarter. Operating income per share was $1.63 and annualized operating ROE was 13.1% for the quarter. Net income per share was $1.60 and annualized ROE was 11%. Net written premiums for the fourth quarter were up 4%, reflecting rate improvements in all 3 of our business units. We continue to see sustained momentum in the standard commercial rate increases that we've been discussing for the last few quarters. And in professional liability, we secured rate increases for the first time in 2 years. We also obtained rate increases in Personal lines. Nevertheless, our marketplace is still very competitive and we remain steadfastly focused on writing profitable business.  GAAP book value per share at 2011 year end was $57.15, up 2% compared to the end of the third quarter, and up 9% compared to year end 2010. Our capital position is strong and Ricky will talk about capital management including the new share repurchase program we announced today. As you saw in our press release, we provided operating income per share guidance for 2012 of $5.30 to $5.70. We'll have more to say later on guidance as well as our full-year results.  And now, Paul will discuss the performance of Chubb's commercial and specialty insurance operations and provide some market color.
John D. Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Chubb performed well in 2012. Net income was about $1.7 billion, generating an ROE of 10.7% which is outstanding considering that we had more than $1 billion in pretax catastrophe losses and a historically low interest rate environment. This performance was the direct result of our profitable risk strategy, careful risk reselection, disciplined pricing and conservative investing.  Operating income per share was $5.12 despite a $2.30 per share impact of catastrophe losses. Operating ROE for the year was 10.4%. Our 2011 excellent year of cat combined ratio, which excludes prior period reserve development of catastrophes was a strong 93. Book value per share was up 9% for the full year. We continued to actively manage our capital by returning almost $2.2 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And rates improved throughout the year in all 3 SBUs with average U.S. renewal increases standard commercial reaching 6% on the fourth quarter and with professional liability rates turn you from negative to positive.  In summary, Chubb posted strong results in 2011 in the face of record catastrophe losses and a challenging macroeconomic and P&C industry environment. Looking ahead, our guidance is based on the view that 2012 should be a transition year for the industry. The good news is that the market continues to firm and we expect to see continued rate increases in 2012, which should improve industry margins albeit, on somewhat of a lagged basis that they earn out over time. On the other hand, the industry faces a number of offsetting profitability headwinds including low interest rates. In addition, most analysts foresee a decline in reserve releases for the industry from what have been a historically the high levels. The upshot is a combination of low reinvestment yields and less favorable development will continue to put pressure on the industry's reported 2012 calendar year results, even as insurance rates rise. However, if the current rate momentum continues as we expect it will. The industry should transition over the course of 2012 from margin contraction to margin expansion. At Chubb, we have strong capital position that enables us to return capital to shareholders and to take advantage of opportunities to grow profitably when such opportunities arise. While this is a cyclical industry, we think our superior underwriting, customer loyalty and conservative investing approach give us an edge that will enable us to continue to generate solid returns in whatever economic environment comes our way.  And with that, I'd be glad to take your questions.
John D. Finnegan: I don't know about that, but I think we expect to have higher rate increases in all of 2012 than we have in the fourth quarter of 2011 on commercial. And we also have filed for rate increases in personal lines so that we will have higher rate increases in 2012 than 2011. And CSI, we're beginning to see some movement there. We're optimistic we'll see some rate improvement in 2012 but not the kind of levels that we see at CCI.
John D. Finnegan: In '12 versus '11 but I wouldn't sequentially extrapolate every -- out every quarter so you get the 14% on the fourth, we're not willing to say that.
John D. Finnegan: We try to get more rate each quarter. We test out the market and see what the market will accept, if the market continues to accept higher rate at similar retention levels. We'll definitely keep pushing. Our retention was off 2 points from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. You're looking year-over-year, but we have a couple of point decline. But sure, it encourages us to look for more rate. Yes.
John D. Finnegan: We don't project favorable development. We do it under a number of scenarios but I'd say this: 2 statements; one to the positive and maybe one to the negative. But the most scenario, the achievement of our 2012 guidance would require a continuation of some favorable development, albeit at lower levels than we ran in 2011. And as I said in the past few years, and have been proven wrong, it's hard to believe we can sustain 6 to 7 points of favorable development indefinitely.
John D. Finnegan: You're right. It's up 5 points in the fourth quarter of '10. It's coming from a mix business at 4 points in CPI of which about 3.5 points is due to higher homeowners non-cat weather-related losses, 5 points in CCI, driven by double-digit increase in property marine and modest increase in other classes. We had a significant large loss activity in the fourth quarter in property. And CCI has generally experienced some margin compression taking place before we've turned around rates. For the year, CCI is about 3 points higher than 2010. And about 6.5% increase in CSI reflected an increase in professional liability mainly to deterioration in current accident year estimates for crime, EPL and public D&O, especially as it relates to merger objections suits or M&A objections suits based on our year-end analysis. For the full accident year, CSI's is up about 2 points.
John D. Finnegan: I would say that in CPI, that higher non-cat losses are something that hopefully don't recur. So we take some solace that we don't expect it to recur next year. I don't think we're really talking attributing much of the increase in CCI at a higher non-cat losses. I mean it may be a point or 2 in there but really it's some property marine, it's a lumpy class and we had some big losses in the fourth quarter. I don't think that's an ongoing trend. I could be proved wrong, but don't think it's an ongoing trend. But CCI is a good news. Of course, as we talked about it that we're getting -- there's rate increases in CCI so hopefully, it will offset any deterioration we're seeing here. CSI is more challenging. I mean I don't think 2 bad quarters don't make a trend, but losses have been up. Now Losses have been up in areas which are impacted by the economy. The good news is, no adverse development on the credit crisis or Madoff, but the areas that are affected by the economic downturn, employment practices liability, crime and fidelity, ponzi schemes related, fraud, and then public D&O as they say based on a lot of these merger objection suits. So we need some rate in CSI. Okay, I'll just leave it at that.
John D. Finnegan: Well, if you're talking about professional liability development in County in 2011. We had very positive professional liability development mostly from the accident year in 2006 or 2008. 2009 was relatively flat. 2010 was modestly adverse.
John D. Finnegan: That's not related to credit crisis. I mean that was developed very consistently. It's really -- it's tangential, although it's related to the economic crisis that might have flown out of that credit crisis with the economic downturn. Employment practices liability to expect with people out of work longer. That's up. Is it lumpy? Well, it's been with us a little while longer. I mean, unless the economy turns around. Crime and fidelity, with frauds and things, I'd say on that, that it's decreased but not as positively as our expectations were. But it's declined some. And not all of the stuff occurred in the fourth quarter. This business in the fourth quarter, you get a good fresh look at the reserves for the year and some of this isn't attributable all to the fourth quarter. It's an adjustment, the overall accident year takes place in the fourth quarter though. So we'll have to see whether it's a trend or not. I'll just remind people that we had incredibly benign loss trends for a long period of time, maybe 1%. It's not likely to continue, and in fact, it certainly is likely to continue if you're expecting mid to single-digit, high single-digit rate increases. They don't usually de-link like that.
John D. Finnegan: Well, I'll give you this, the development overall, most of the favorable development in casualty in 2011 came from accident years 2005 to 2008. Accident years -- maybe put together 2009 and 2010 they aggregate slightly positively. CCI about the same, you think? I think generally CCI is so big that you wouldn't go, it wouldn't contradict that. It probably is generally consistent but not precisely. Those your CCI's had a lot of positive development.
John D. Finnegan: Hopefully the latter. I think that some of these lines like EPL you can safely say that all companies are being hit by the increases in these loss costs and people are going to have to get rate increases. Public D&O has been down so much. It's definitely going to new rate increases. There's going to be a great demand for increases. Now there is excess capacity so there's a tension there. But no, I think that people will be reporting incredibly high combined ratios if they don't get rates soon.
John D. Finnegan: Well, the pay was up, I think the paids are one of the things that the actuaries take into account when they look at the reserve position.
John D. Finnegan: It takes a long time, obviously, to pay out a lot of these cases so many of them are from prior years.
Dino E. Robusto: Thanks, Paul, and good evening, everyone. Chubb Personal Insurance net written premiums increased 3% in the fourth quarter to $991 million. CPI produced a combined ratio of 86.9 compared to 83.7 in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes for the quarter was 1.6 points in 2011, whereas in the fourth quarter of 2010, the impact of cats was 1 point. For the full year, CPI produced a combined ratio of 98.3 including 13.1 percentage points of catastrophes, compared to a combined ratio of 91.5 including 10.2 points of catastrophes in 2010.  The large impact events in 2011 for CPI were Hurricane Irene, the tornadoes and wind storms in the U.S. and the flooding and cyclone in Australia. Homeowners premiums were up 3% for the quarter and the combined ratio was 82.3, compared to 78.8 in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for 3 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to 2 points in the fourth quarter of 2010. While cat losses were low in the quarter, we did experience relatively higher non-catastrophe weather-related water, wind and brushfire losses in the U.S. In the fourth quarter of 2011, non-cat weather-related losses in the U.S. accounted for about 6 points of the worldwide homeowners combined ratio, which is 3 points higher than the impact in the fourth quarter of 2010. For all of 2011, non-catastrophe weather-related losses in the U.S. accounted for about 8 points of the worldwide homeowners combined ratio, compared to an average of only 5 points over the prior 5 years.  In part, due to the recent heavy cat and non-cat weather-related losses, we are now filing for homeowners rate increases in the U.S., mostly in the 5% to 6% range, compared to earlier in 2011 when they were in the 3% to 4% range and we anticipate filing for additional rate increases as needed. Given the widespread rate taking in the general market, we do not think this will have a significant impact on our retention or our ability to attract new customers as evidenced by our experience in 2011.  Indeed, in the fourth quarter of 2011, homeowners in the U.S. had its 8th consecutive quarterly increase in policy count retention, ending the year with a U.S. homeowners retention rate of 91% nearly a point higher than a year earlier. Homeowners new business was also up increasing 8% for the year.  Personal auto premiums increased 1% and the combined ratio was 93.3. Like homeowners, personal auto policy count retention increased by 1 point from a year earlier to 89%.  In other Personal lines, premiums were up 4% driven largely by growth outside the United States. The combined ratio was 94.7. In short, we are very pleased with the performance of our Personal Lines business.  Turning now to claims. As John mentioned, the big story of the year was catastrophes, which accounted for 8.9 percentage points of the 2011 combined ratio for Chubb as a whole. Fortunately, the extraordinarily high level of catastrophe losses we experienced in each of the first 3 quarters of the year was not repeated in the fourth quarter. There were 4 cat events outside the U.S. during the fourth quarter. For the industry, the most noteworthy was the Thailand flooding, but that was not a major event for Chubb.  In the U.S., there were 2 cat events, the more significant of which was the late October snowstorm. Fourth quarter cat events represented about 2.5 points of our combined ratio but were partially offset by about 2 points of benefit from downward revisions of our estimated losses from catastrophes that occurred in the first 3 quarters of 2011.  On previous calls, I've spoken about how highly our customers rate our claim service. I can now give you numbers for all of 2011 including catastrophe claims. 97% of homeowner customers responding to our post claim surveys were highly satisfied with Chubb's service, which is the highest rating on the survey form. Given the plethora of cat events throughout most of this year, this is a result we are very proud of. One final word about claims, the number of new claims related to the credit crisis was insignificant throughout 2011 and losses are developing consistent with our expectations.  And now, I'll turn it over to Ricky, who will review our financial results in more detail.
Dino E. Robusto: Well, I can talk a little bit about just the frequency of what we saw. I mean, just to pick up on Paul's point. Because it's only 2% market share, obviously our claim statistics is not be as stable as the industry. For the quarter, where comp new rising claim counts were up about 13%, mostly due to the increased volume of business that we've been writing. Increase in the quarter was also driven by medical-only claims, which are significantly less expensive than claims where the employees miss time from work. So that's a little bit on just the activity that we're seeing.
Dino E. Robusto: Yes. We experienced some slowdown in our written premium growth outside the United States and it was mainly in Brazil. We had seen some more aggressive pricing in the market, some of which we view as irrational and probably likely short-lived given the short tailed nature in what is a real physical damage intensive market. We also experienced a little less favorable currency translation in the fourth quarter in relation to the full 2011 year. Now, notwithstanding the quarter's results, we did grow 7% for the year. So at any one point in time in auto, we're going to see in any one geography some additional competition or if we view it as irrational competition, then we'll just pull back and we'll let it play out. And so that's what we did in the fourth quarter.
Richard G. Spiro: Sure. Well, the program we announced today is essentially in line. Actually, it slightly exceeds our projected 2012 earnings less shareholder dividend. We do not project out net income as part of our guidance. So operating income and net income are essentially the same in our guidance. And as such, we believe that it's a sizable program which appropriately balances the economic opportunities, the market with the retention of strong capital position. I think I'd also add in 2011, the size of our share repurchase was unusually large and that our share repurchase as you mentioned, did exceed net income less shareholder dividend by a fair amount and as we indicated at the time, we announced that program. The large size of the program was an opportunistic initiative prompted by historically low price-to-book value, which Chubb was then selling. So over the past year, the price of Chubb stock has risen and our price-to-book valuation has increased. On the other hand, our price-to-book valuation still remains below historical levels and interest rates are still very low, making alternative investments less attractive. Balancing all these considerations, we believe the appropriate level of buyback for 2012 is the $1.2 billion that we announced and it reflects our continued strong excess capital position and the attractive economic opportunities that we still perceive at our current stock price.
Richard G. Spiro: We're not going to make any comments about future buybacks or any changes to the program at this point.
Richard G. Spiro: The impact is about a negative $250 million impact in the fourth quarter related to the fact that as interest rates have moved down during the year. We had to lower our discount rate assumption for our pension fund. And as a result, we had roughly a $250 million negative impact. You'll see that show up when we file our year-end financials that will show up in the AOCI line.
Richard G. Spiro: And if I can add something on the reserve side, the workers comp line actually updated slightly favorable overall, with no individual years particularly significant either way, although 2010 was very slightly adverse. So we feel pretty good about it.
Richard G. Spiro: I'll give you just a general comment on claim trends overall. Actually, they generally, they've been consistent with our trend assumptions. And if you exclude catastrophes, claim counts are up about 8% against the prior-year quarter and for the full year. Given our growth in various lines of business and really the non-spade of non-cat weather activities throughout the year that John mentioned, really the frequency trend is not alarming. Regarding severity, the trends obviously, they vary significantly by line of business because the various lines of business have different cost drivers. But here again, our claim cost severity increase are generally consistent with our longer-term trend assumptions of low to mid-single digits of severity increase in auto, mid-single-digit for the core property in general liability and mid up or single-digit for work comp and some excess lines. But generally in line with our longer-term trends.
Richard G. Spiro: Our dividend policy has always been that we think dividends are incredibly important and as you know we've increased that every year, I think for 29 years. When we next talk to our Board about dividends will consider are all the factors. I think, I don't think you should expect, though, that you're going to see our dividend payout increase dramatically. It's been relatively consistent and we don't always look at it, by the way, as a percent of earnings because earnings as you know in this business can be volatile so we often look at it as a percent, for example, of investment income and other financial measures as well. So I don't know that you should anticipate that you'll see a dramatic increase than payout ratio.
Richard G. Spiro: I think it's probably easiest to, Jay, if we take it line by line. We mentioned employment practices liability. I think John laid a pretty understandable case with the increase in unemployment and a lot of people saying much longer from their jobs that we're seeing an uptick there. So what we're doing is we are trimming our book in the most difficult jurisdictions, we're pushing rate across the book and we're raising our deductibles. When it comes to fidelity, it is a lumpy business, but we see the economic backdrop impacting that book of business. So we're redoubling our efforts on the underwriting just making certain we have people being very careful about what is going on the book of business. As respects public D&O, and I'd just like to remind you that that's only 16% of our CSI book of business, we are concerned, as mentioned earlier, about merger and acquisition objection cases. At this point, we don't sit back and say that's a systemic event something like the Madoff situation. So it's something that we think we've got a build in to the overall pricing of our business and push deductibles higher at least on our private companies where you're seeing some securities actions in state court impacting the loss ratio. So it really varies by line and we're attacking it as aggressively as we can.
Richard G. Spiro: Well if I'm following it, the new to lost ratio was 1.1:1 in the fourth quarter. It came down a little bit throughout the year and we anticipate that coming down a little bit. But if you're talking about the pricing spread between new commercial business and renewal business, couple of thoughts, number one, the spread between new lines and the renewals is closing although it really wasn't all that large to begin with. The spread, obviously, depends on the line of business but what we do is we sit back and we try to match up what the new business is coming on at, what rate it’s at and how does that match up with a very similar existing block of customers. In some lines, we look at that on manual pricing, for others we actually have proprietary tools but we try to make certain that it is as tight as possible. The reality is, though that there is a hindsight bias to renewals performing much better. We have an opportunity to call the ones that are having unforeseen losses, likewise, we have the opportunity to loss control accounts and bring in engineers and risk mitigation factors happening, raise deductibles, that type of things. So even though that pricing spread is tight and getting tighter, we're still very mindful on how we underwrite the new business.
Richard G. Spiro: We have roughly called $14 billion of maturities over the next 3 years. I think that's not split evenly but it's pretty close. Our current new money rates are anywhere depending on obviously, the different asset classes somewhere between, call it, 100 and 150 basis points below the maturing book yields.
Richard G. Spiro: Yes. I think so because we’re only, we have roughly $14 billion out of $36 billion maturing over that time.
Richard G. Spiro: Well, one thing to think that, that is the duration of the portfolio but we also on the Muni site, we tend to invest longer than that. So the duration of whole the portfolio is obviously, the 3.5 to 4 years. But the Muni piece is a little bit longer.
Richard G. Spiro: We simply need the capital. So we decided it was -- we were better off paying down the debt and given ourselves some more financial flexibility and terms of our targeted debt to capital ratio, they're still within the same ranges that we talked about.
Richard G. Spiro: We're committed to keeping $1 billion at the holding company so that sort of, I guess, the low end of the number.
Paul J. Krump: I think I'm following that Josh, it seems like there are a lot of questions kind of intertwined there. Clearly in the CSI world, there is more overall competition than we're seeing in the CCI arena. Particularly, from some new entrants, some people trying to take some excess positions and what we are doing is we're pushing rates very hard albeit, the 1% doesn't show it. I think you sense it when you see that our retention rate went down quarter-over-quarter from 89% to 85% in professional liability. Likewise, when you see the emphasis that we're putting on new business, the scrutiny that we're putting on new business in both CCI and CSI it's coming through. The stat that I gave in the prepared remarks was that professional liability had a new to lost ratio of 0.7:1 versus the 1.3:1. So we are anticipating on a go forward basis that we will push rates very hard and that there is an offset trade to retention and we're very mindful that new business does not perform as well as our renewal business does traditionally and therefore, we're putting a lot of extra scrutiny onto that new business in this marketplace.
Paul J. Krump: Yes. In CCI, we had retention of 85% in both quarters. We had a very minor uptick in the new business in the fourth quarter. And the rates really varied, as I mentioned, by line of business. But we're putting a tremendous amount of effort into the new business. I think you can see in the numbers that we had some loss activity on non-cat basis and property and Marine. And we went back and analyzed that very carefully, and we had an uptick in the fourth quarter and losses from some new business that was written over the course of the last year. So again, it just reemphasized to us a couple of things. We need to push a lot of rate into that book of business and that's why in fact, you saw us take 10 points of rate. Likewise, we have to put a lot of scrutiny on the new business and we've tightened up our underwriting screens and our pricing screens to make certain that, that is taken care of.
Paul J. Krump: We certainly think that we've got decades of data and experience here. We're hearing a lot more rhetoric in the marketplace about other senior management teams taking a hard look at this issue that you've outlined. Sometimes, we see that translate into field action really quickly but overall, I think that we are encouraged by the trends that we saw and the momentum we saw across both CCI and CSI in the fourth quarter. Clearly, John outlined and we're all in agreement here that CSI needs a lot more rate and we are committed to keep pushing that.
Paul J. Krump: I'll just stick with professional for a second. The 1% that we've got as we turned the corner but that's clearly not enough to keep up with loss trends.
Paul J. Krump: Sure. Let me just kind of back up and put our workers comp in a little bit of perspective just given where we see. There's a lot of commentary in the marketplace and we're very much of a niche player, and it's not an overwhelming line for us like it is for a lot of carriers. We took 6 points of rate increase in the fourth quarter on our workers compensation book. Like we mentioned, with the overall book that was an improving trajectory over the course of the year, we've got a very solid book of workers compensation business. AM Best projects that the U.S. work comp industry will come in for the full-year 2011 at 121.5% combined ratio. That's really such a stark contrast of the 93.2% combined that we ran our workers compensation at in 2011. Dino, I don't know if you want to mention anything on the reserves in particular? But...
Paul J. Krump: Sure, this is Paul. I think we've talked about this in the past but about 26%, 27% of our book premium is generated outside the United States. That's a pretty even split across all 3 SBU's. So give or take a percentage point. As respect to where that business comes from, about 10 points of that 27 points is coming out of Europe, and then you can just take the remaining chunk and divide it by thirds and it's pretty evenly split between Canada, Latin America and Asia Pacific. As I mentioned, Canada is a little bit behind the United States, but we saw a nice pick up there, really across the CCI lines. A lot of moving parts over in Asia, quite frankly in New Zealand and Australia are moving. Australia is where we have the bulk of our Asia-Pac business. When you get down into Latin America, we saw a lot of movement earlier in the year, in Chile. And in fact over the last 2 renewal cycles given the last earthquake, we had rate increases on our small property book of business. But nonetheless, they went up over 100%. The other countries in Latin America are basically flat to up a little bit.
Paul J. Krump: Yes, flavor of the European rate environment. It's a better market for us in the U.K., in Ireland. We're starting to see some rate movement out of our Lloyd's syndicate. That's probably leading our European operations. The continent is flat. We saw a terrific amount of competition in the continent for the largest business. So the so-called risk management business came under more pressure in the fourth quarter, and we had to back away from several accounts, long-standing accounts just because the prices were going down. And we wouldn't follow them down.
Paul J. Krump: Matthew, this is Paul. We're really not seeing that. A lot of the producers worry, of course, that the economy is still on a fragile state, but as we push for rate, they clearly understand the economic case for rate. But they worry that their clients will buy less umbrella or take an inordinately large deductible to try to keep their costs under control. But we haven't really experienced that.
