Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Look, we recognized over $200 million of reserve releases, so to give perspective. And that included adverse development of $95 million in North America commercial lines long tail. It was not concentrated in any one period, it was spread out from '16 forward. It was predominantly large account excess casualty, auto related in areas we've discussed. Trucking, logistics companies, companies with large commercial fleets and it's the business we've been addressing in terms of rate and underwriting actions and in that case, think retentions. And our loss picks that reflect our action. The -- in fact, when we talk about that we gave you color around that we had this large LPT that was larger than usual. And then we offset to a degree by the underwriting actions that we've been taking. You heard it all last quarter. It will run 2 or more -- maybe 2 more quarters. That's all related back to the same business as you know. So there's the mental model. The development was not a surprise because we continually track actual versus expected activity for all product lines. And we had continued to observe higher-than-expected loss activity for this business. So we study it more deeply this quarter. And we took as we always will. We took the bad news and we are slow to recognize good news, no different than I said last quarter, our reserves are really strong. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, the growth is coming. It wasn't a little bit. It was a step change in the rate we got exceeded loss costs, let alone pricing, which includes exposure change. And that is what contributed substantially to the growth. We grew exposure as well, particularly in our middle market long-tail business.  Though there was some growth in particular lines in large accounts as well where the pricing -- the vast majority of our book is adequately priced in casualty, and we're getting rate that recognizes loss cost trend, and so we maintain the adequacy. And then the stress classes, which need rate to hit our target combined ratios. That's where rate has accelerated in the market, and we -- because the market is also reacting, we're able to achieve and grow the business to a degree. Otherwise, we get the rate, like the business. And there were 1 or 2 classes where that's occurring. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. First of all, our loss picks reflect the reality of the environment, the inflation we observe. And that includes any actions as we know them to be that might ameliorate it around tort reform. Tort reform is going to be a long-term never-ending process. As you say, it's not going to be federal. State by state, it could be county by county, depending. And it depends on the class of business as to the kind of reform that's required to bend that curve and loss cost. The insurance industry can support tort reform and does. The insurance industry can't particularly lead it. We don't have the printing press. This is ultimately paid for by corporate America, and it's paid for by consumers, by the products and the services from corporate America, it's a tax on everybody. If you look at it in a clear eye way, we reflect the inflation that we see, whether it comes from social inflation, so-called social inflation, or other causes in the prices and the rates we ultimately charge corporate America to the business. Tort reform comes and there's litigation finance where disclosure laws have to change around that and I mentioned that better. And some states require it, most don't. And it's very simple because it puts in context how sympathetic is the plaintiff. And what are the motives? There's laws around who bears liability, the responsibility, what they call joint and several laws around it. You could be 1% liable, but you're the only one with any money, so they make you 100% responsible financially.  There are reasons that, that occurs, but that is also being gamed by the trial bar in how they target cases and how they target companies. It's those sorts of things. The insurance industry is hardly sympathetic. Corporate America needs to do more in this case, and we are all active. A number of companies are active in advocating for reforms, but it's not a magic, it's no silver magic bullet. It's going to take many years and it's going to require more effort than is currently being expended. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, it comes from 3 sources -- or a couple of sources. It comes from frequency of loss and from various perils. It comes from -- and so there you could think weather-related. You can also think water-related. And so the infrastructure impact to housing stock itself. It comes from wage inflation, and it comes from materials, which -- remember, we ensure not the average homeowner, we're ensuring those who are more affluent. And our product is a richer product in terms of how it responds to loss and the position it places you back in following loss. We try to duplicate exactly what you had before the loss, not sort of like it, but we duplicate it.  That has an inherent inflation to it as well. And we ensure more complex properties, and we ensure more complex and expensive content. So that may contribute to a degree to a greater amount of inflation than you might see generally across. But we stay on top of it. And we have and we've stayed on top of it in terms of both pricing and the amount of coverage we give to our clients. So they don't fall behind, which for all our homeowners, in shorts, that shows up, yes, in your bill that you get once a year from us, be included. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Greg, keep in mind, percentages are a funny thing. It's not a big business. It's not a big book of business. We're not a large reinsurer. So the percentage growth, which is very good to see, is off of a relatively small base. So in dollar terms, it's nice. Thank you very much to all our Global Re colleagues, but it's not a large amount. We allocated given the pricing environment and given structure and given underlying pricing and structure of cedent's portfolios. We allocated more -- incrementally, as I said in the opening, more CAT capacity with 2 Global Re, which means they're writing a bit more CAT excess and a bit more property proportional and excess per risk. And it's across the globe where they see favorable conditions. That's predominantly with the CAT results. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Greg, I'm at rest. And the results are terrific. We have excess capital for both risk and opportunity. It's earning -- putting money to work at over 6% right now. If you put the capital against our invested asset, it requires certainly a damn good ROE. The cash that we hold is accretive to shareholder returns. And look, we're a global company with a lot of global opportunity and our eyes are always open. But as I said, I'm at rest. Don't hold your breath. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, look, the way to think about this -- don't just think, it behaves differently to a degree in major account than it does in middle market in the cohorts that show up where market competition is irrational. I'm not going to unpack each one of those. But what I'll break down for you is this. You have publicly traded D&O. And whether it's in middle market or it's in large account, there is dumb behavior depending on the cohort. I'm not going to unpack which one of them it is that much transparency, but you see it in large accounts and you see it in publicly traded deal. There is not-for-profit D&O. We write it in both major accounts and we write it in middle market. And by the way, we write it in E&S. And there are cohorts where market, we know because we're the largest writers of this business. We know what the experience is, what the real exposures are, where losses are coming from, market and pockets of that important buckets irrational, dumb. Employment practices liability. Again, I'm going to say which cohorts, but market is -- many are very naive and don't understand the trends and the exposures that are driving EPLI and where it's being driven, what states, where law has changed. Is it around? It's not simply wage an hour, now technology impacts it. There are those who have no idea what's catching up to them.  And then you have legal changes that are occurring at the federal level that are impacting financial lines. You can see it and it's coming. So the good news about the business is, claims made reveals its secrets pretty quickly that will occur and it is a big company. We got a lot of opportunity in a lot of places. And in some of those areas, we're just not going to follow people off the cliff. It doesn't matter. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, key sense of priorities, good question. On one hand, we can continue pushing the envelope and we're impatient about it. On the -- how we define the services and coverage is that a customer in our space are to expect from a great carrier. The kind of resiliency services and engineering services, the kinds of technology that we can use to interface with our customers, give them a better experience. How we can use technology and claims and manage a better and more seamless outcome for them. All of that is wrapped up in how we think about that part of the business.  Our clients are CAT exposed. They were in a world where they choose to live where they live and know and make the choice to live where they're more CAT exposed. They will share more risk with us, but we can help them manage that risk on the portion that they share and as well reduce the exposure to loss on the portion we take. It also is allowing us, as we're doing that both through admitted and non-admitted to, in a sense, manufacture, more CAT capacity, which is really part of the ability or fuel to take on more exposure. We have a finite balance sheet. We can't take infinite risk. So we think about it in that regard. Our pricing and the rate against exposure from perils continues to improve. We can keep pushing the envelope on how granular we become in terms of risk rating, more cohorts of risk to apply rate and price against. And we're continuing to do that, but we're restless about that. We can be even better at it. That allows us to provide more coverage in areas, think about it, like flood, where we have areas where we're actually leaning in to offer more protection to clients, but be able to manage the portfolio. Maybe that gives you a few. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to let John Lupica give this -- it's really coming -- it came this quarter from 2 things. And that LPT, I forget had on an impact on and it distorted the gross in that. 
Evan G. Greenberg: I did give it to you. Are you asking me to go back and do it again? Do you actually want me to look -- I'll give it to you if you want me to take my notes and do it [indiscernible]. Listen, North America, I said pricing increased 12.8% including in P&C, including rate of 9.4% and exposure change of 3.1%. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Loss cost. So we're trending short tail at 6.8% and long tail -- short -- sorry, overall loss cost 6.8%; short-tail, 5.3%; long tail, 7.6%. Yes, this is full service call. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Hey, you're not listening. Not listening. Did you see that -- so I'm going to interrupt you. Are you really -- financial line, [ frank, ] number one. Number two, I said right upfront in major accounts in certain areas of casualty, where we're taking action. And we saw it last quarter, saw it this quarter and it impacts growth. And then there are other areas growing. Those are 2 that are visible. 
Evan G. Greenberg: I have no idea. It depends on when the market -- and it will never really happen. But I'm seeing you're asking in a very theoretical way. There's something neat in what is a market, so it's always inherently messy. But when typically, when rate and price are adequate or in excess of what's required to earn a reasonable return then the market in time notices and responds and becomes more competitive. And at that time, rate and price stay steady with loss cost. And then the market begins to go soft. And when that part of the cycle happens, it means the rate on price are less than loss cost. And that is not terrible until rate and price versus loss cost is not enough to achieve a reasonable return on capital. 
Evan G. Greenberg: In some areas, yes. Some areas, absolutely not. Because the loss cost environment, which data and analytics cannot [Technical Difficulty] is not less volatile. When the loss cost environment is more specific i.e., loss cost inflation, then with data and analytics in steady periods like that, then the amplitude of cycles is different. 
Evan G. Greenberg: We did expect a change of loss cost pattern frequency in particular. And we have talked about it during COVID that we didn't take the head fakes that loss costs during shutdown, obviously, courts are closed, frequency plummets and as does severity. And at that time, we maintained our view. We saw right through it and said, trends aren't changing, so we continue to trend. It's just a question of reporting on what period does it get reported in? So we expected that the trend doesn't change, but the reporting pattern changes. So therefore, if you really want to look at it in a correct way, you'd say, it went down during COVID to reaccelerate after COVID and then the expected cohorts of claims in aggregate still appear, and that's what we've seen. The pattern post COVID is not out of line with our expectations in our pricing and loss picks. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Our policy is, we do not report on individual claims, but I've noticed a lot of commentary on this. Look, it's a tragedy that an accident like this occurs, and it's done a lot of damage. However, when it comes to Chubb, it's another large loss. There is nothing -- yes, of course, we have exposure, but the exposure is within what we would contemplate and there's nothing outsize to us. And so another large unfortunate claim, that's all there is to it. 
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, what I said, Elyse, thank you, is the premium growth because we don't really disclose exposure, but the premium growth came from, a substantial portion of it came from rate and price, which were very healthy across the portfolio. Property grew nicely. Property was our biggest growth area. Casualty grew, particularly in our middle market area and E&S. And rate and price had a substantial contribution to the growth, though we also grew new business where pricing versus loss cost is healthy to us. 
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm not going to help you with your worksheet, I'm sorry, Elyse. I don't guide. We don't guide growth for the year. What we did tell you is excluding the LPT, excluding the unusual size of the LPT because we have LPTs virtually every quarter. But excluding the unusual size of it, and what we view as the unusual, the onetime underwriting action in large account that I described, the net of that, we gave you a growth rate, and we said that's the underlying growth rate for that quarter. That is not -- we didn't say that's a run rate for the year. This is a diversified commercial and personal property casualty book of business. And you're hardly -- we don't give guidance on growth for the year. 
Charles Peters: When I was looking through your results, I was particularly struck by the growth in the reinsurance lines, seems to have accelerated. And I'm just curious if there is a change in your perspective regarding leading into those market conditions. 
Charles Peters: Okay. Fair enough. I know -- I got to preview this question knowing that I'm probably not going to get a great answer, but I feel like it's appropriate to ask... 
Charles Peters: Well, the topic is M&A. I mean, you featured it. You talked about the 1 to 2 points of drag you get on holding excess capital. You mentioned that in your shareholder letter. You're generating great results. I feel like this is a time where we could see you get more active in the market. But maybe you can just talk to us broadly about what you're seeing in the market? Is there a pipeline out there? Or is it -- is there a lot of opportunities? Or give us some perspective if possible. 
