Evan Greenberg: I’m not going to give any specifics in that. There’ll be -- it’ll come from a variety of areas, as we imagine right now. And there’ll be a -- the reason we didn’t put up numbers in the first quarter is because we’re going to do it in a thoughtful way, based on claims that come in, that are analyzed and reported, and then, we’re able to have a framework to project the IBNR with that in a thoughtful way as well. But, claims will come from travel insurance and A&H. We’ll have business interruption losses where we purposely provided coverage as opposed to where we -- the vast majority where we did not provide coverage. We’ll have it through credit-related that is surety and trade credit and maybe political risk, who knows. Workers’ comp will produce losses, I’m sure. And so, it kind of gives you a sense. And it’ll be -- I think it’ll be pretty broad based because it’s created exposures for clients, for the industries and the economies broadly. And geography, well, over half our business is in the United States. So, I expect all things being equal, since our greatest exposure is in the U.S. by territory, the greatest amount of loss will come out of the U.S. And I hope that helps you.
Evan Greenberg: The insurance industry is an important part of the financial plumbing of our economy in the U.S. And frankly, it’s part of the financial plumbing, it’s critical globally. The insurance industry I think is performing quite well and I think will perform very well in meeting their obligations and our obligations. When it comes to business interruption, there is activity that I put into two categories. One is on the political side where there’s talk about retroactively imposing cover on insurers for something that they didn’t cover and didn’t charge a premium. That is retroactively changing contract and increasing our exposure. I think that that’s unnecessary harm and would do great damage. It would damage or destroy the insurance industry in a terrible way. It would simply take money from one to give to another. Who does that serve? And frankly, it’s unconstitutional. And we are a constitutional democracy and preservation of that and the certainty of that in such uncertain times is paramount. So, I’d start with that. Secondly, the insurance industry, for the most part, except for those customers who discreetly purchased it, BI insurance doesn’t cover COVID-19. It covers and requires direct physical loss to a property. And the regulators who’ve approved these forms, because we’re highly regulated, confirm that themselves that it’s not contemplated. Now, lawyers and the trial bar will attempt to torture the language on standard industry forms and try to prove something exists that actually doesn’t exist and try to twist the intent when the intent is very clear and the industry will fight this tooth and nail. We will pay what we owe. And finally, what I’d say is business interruption insurance, actually we should remember, is very good value for money because what it does cover, we pay out as an industry roughly from what we can estimate about $0.70 on the dollar and every business -- for every business interruption, dollar of premium we collect in claims. And that’s pretty good value for money. So, thank you for the question.
Evan Greenberg: I can’t really hear what you’re saying. Can you speak up, Paul and say clearly? Because we’re on a funny line right now. Yes.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, we’re asking a question right now that is asking about what do you think of the results of the wildfire when we’re in the middle of the fire. This event is unfolding. And I would urge you to think that way. It’s not like it has occurred and now we’re looking back. We’re in the middle of it. And so, some of the implications, it’s too early to tell, don’t know. But, the one thing I will say, perception of risk, as always occurs when a new parallel rears its head from the more academic to the actual, it has a powerful impact, and impacts perception of risk. And in this case, the last time we had that was really terrorism. And now, in this case, we will go through in a similar exercise in some ways, underwriters will. It will vary by company, whether they actually had considered pandemic in their ERM modeling, which we do, or had not and really examine concentrations and how it impacts both sides of the balance sheet. And then, by the way how, we modeled and what the actual looks like, are always different. There is always basis risk. And reality is, it is always different than the laboratory. And this is no different. But, this is a peril that the industry really didn’t discreetly charge for. It’s a peril that has no bounds in terms of geography nor time. So, it’s a very different kind of cat, and that has in a practical sense, infinite tail. So, it will impact. By the way, no doubt in my mind, better underwriters had better control over the exposures. And underwriters who were maybe not as good will have many surprises that will emerge. And time will tell and we’ll see that as this event unfolds. I hope that helps.
Evan Greenberg: Overseas, we’re not in any one country. Chubb is not a large middle market or small commercial writer. It’s a business we’re growing. And in most every jurisdiction, no different than the United States, small commercial and middle market customers have standard industry forms providing coverage in their country. They require direct physical loss. Most countries that I know of adhered that where there’s significant concentration of exposure to the industry, adhere to the rule of law and their forms are pretty darn clear. Large commercial customers, business interruption insurance is typically on a more manuscript basis. And so, each customer’s forms speak to a large degree for themselves. And in each jurisdiction, they’ll be adjudicated based on the wordings as they were drafted.
Evan Greenberg: And frankly, Paul, to-date, I feel more stability outside the United States on the regulatory and legal front than I do in the United States. The irony.
Evan Greenberg: Mid and small group, you can see double-digit; large account grew a little slower. And last year, we wrote a one-off transaction related to or two one-off transactions related to wildfire last year that didn’t repeat this year.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I’m not going to give you much satisfaction on that question. But the -- nice try. The loss part will be tracked -- you're doing your job. The loss part will be tracked as part of cat. And that’s what we report as cat. The revenue reduction from exposures, et cetera, those will just come out in our published numbers. And we’ll give you as much color as we can around it as we understand it or know it. We don’t see it yet. But, we know it’s coming. You can’t have an -- I mean, it’s common sense. You can’t have an economy shutdown and exposures aren’t shrinking and premium is a function of rate to exposure. So, just pretty basic there. And that’ll just be on a published basis. But what we call as cat and assign to cat number is to corral the losses and distinguish them from this for the cat event from what we would think is the underlying sort of run rate at the time.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Meyer, a very right line decision that should not confuse anyone, business interruption insurance, not the regulatory, the political activity around it where there are those who are suggesting to retroactively change contract and add coverage that was never contemplated, nor charged for, is very different than the workers’ comp where I think you’re referring to healthcare workers and first responders where there is the notion of presumption that you got the virus on the job. That is not a change of contract. That is something perfectly within the purview, depending on the state of the regulators and the legislatures. And so, that’s within legal bounds to do that and so, very, very different. And I wouldn’t confuse the two. And by the way, it varies by jurisdiction. Some jurisdictions right now have all along said that that a medical worker, for instance who contracts an illness, it is presumed to have occurred on the job, whereas in other -- and for any other profession, it’s construed to be a general illness. You could have gotten anywhere. And so, it’s not job-related. So, workers’ comp is very different in that regard.
Evan Greenberg: I think that the industry has woken up to rate to exposure in the last year in particular, last year and a half and understands generally the need to get paid for properly for the exposures take on. I don’t see that trend changing. And I think this event is very likely -- more than very likely, I think this event will be the largest event in insurance history when you add it all up, both asset side and liability side of the balance sheet. And I think that just raises the specter of risk and the notion of managing exposure. And I think, it will just put a point on getting the right rate to exposure. I think that absolutely continues.
Evan Greenberg: No. Brian, I’m not going into that level of detail. But, what’s very clear, the vast, vast majority of our policies require direct physical loss. And then, the sublimits vary by whether it’s in a major account or it’s in middle market or it’s a small commercial client. It really varies. And on both -- what we offered and what they bought, because we offer different options.
Evan Greenberg: Who knows? So, I’m not going to overly speculate about that? And that’s just -- but out of every event, and every event creates trial bar, ambulance chasing, drive-by shooting where they get most of the money and the supposed aggrieved get very little. I have no doubt that there will be COVID-related D&O suits related to price drop and disclosure, et cetera. And frankly, it is frivolous. It is an unnecessary tax on business and society at this point. It is a waste of time in terms of both resource and time and money and Congress ought to grant immunity to business in some form against that kind of activity that is so counterproductive, enriches one industry at the expense of an economy that is trying to emerge. All stocks dropped broadly. The COVID-19 was no one’s fault. And foreseeability of it, no one is -- no one has that kind of vision. And so, there’s still the notion of buyer beware for basic thing. And in my mind, that’s something that we ought to deal with. And I’m glad you asked that question.
Evan Greenberg: It’s -- I won’t give you specifics. And only to say though, healthcare is not a meaningful part of our book of business.
Evan Greenberg: I can’t speak to what people’s manuscript forms look like and therefore whether they’re correcting weaknesses with that. I can’t speak to that. But generally, no, I think COVID-19 or pandemic-related exclusions are just belt and suspenders on policies -- on the basic policies that require direct physical loss.
Evan Greenberg: No. It really -- no, it’s -- I’ll leave it at that. No. There is -- it’s -- where it’s appropriate, it does.
Evan Greenberg: There are caps and limits in all policies. And duration of shutdown, it’s just axiomatic in business interruption that length of shutdown can impact and does impact severity of loss pretty basic in any BI cover.
Evan Greenberg: I think, Chubb from everything I know, we’re pretty good underwriter. We’re pretty buttoned up disciplined shop. We have good controls within the organization. And I have no reason to believe that Chubb would produce something outsized. Look, this is a significant event for the industry and it’s going to be a significant event for Chubb as well. It’s an earnings event, not a balance sheet event, as I said. And I do think it will be the largest loss, single loss in industry history when you add up both sides of the balance sheet when look at the capital impact to the industry.
Evan Greenberg: We will let the facts speak to us. We will put up our loss based on the facts as we know them at the time, when we come to close the books on the second quarter. And I’m not going to speculate ahead right now. And we will then provide our perspective and color around that to help define it and give you a sense. But, I’m not going to speculate on where we’ll be by the end of the second quarter, to give you definitive color on the question you asked.
Evan Greenberg: It’ll depend on what we know. Get used to being in a world with a lot of unknowns and a lot of uncertainty right now. And you’re requesting certainty when there’s a great deal of uncertainty. And a lot of that is for worksheet projection related, and I would caution against trying to over speculate on any of them.
Evan Greenberg: Exactly right. We will put up and we always do our best estimate of ultimate loss to an event. We always do that. And no different here, we’re consistent that way. So, you can expect that of us.
Evan Greenberg: There is a -- I absolutely see a public private partnership prospectively. I don’t see the sense of one on some retrospective. So, there is -- and I’m going to give you both, very quickly. The retrospective one would say, well, why don’t you pay the BI losses and the government will backstop you 100%? Well, right now, the government’s current program to provide loans that then become grants, if you retain your employees, is a very efficient way versus now we create some BI way. And by the way, BI insurance to adjust the claim requires that you prove it’s an ascertain net loss. You have to prove what your expenses were and what -- and your loss of revenue and all of that. And that’s -- and the adjudication of that is messy and takes time, very -- it’s time consuming and it’s one at a time. And what matters right now is cash flow to small businesses. And so, it wouldn’t be an efficient way of dealing with the cash flow needs. The government’s already created a program. So, what problem are we trying to solve? On a prospective basis, I see it differently. Why doesn’t the industry underwrite pandemic, because of the size of the tail, as I say it as it’s an event that has no geographic or time limits. And so, the tail is so great, the industry has a finite balance sheet that can’t take infinite risk. If the government would take the tail risk and take the significant loss on -- in a pandemic event, the industry I believe could take a retention, and could be underwriting pandemic, a little -- very different but a little like, think about TRIA. And I can tell you, I’m in favor of a public private partnership in shouldering the burden in the future. And Chubb has put together its own proposal and we will be sharing that around shortly with the appropriate parties, both inside the industry and outside the industry.
