John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. Chubb produced solid results in the second quarter of 2014, we generated operating income per share of $17, net income per share $2.03. Our results benefited from strong premium growth of 5% ex-currency and our highest level of retention for commercial and professional liability in three years. In addition, we enjoyed excellent profitability in our long-tail lines of business such as professional liability, casualty and workers compensation. However, our results of the second quarter were adversely impacted by the performance of our short-tail property lines. We had unusually high levels of large fire losses in our commercial and personal books of property business. In addition, severe weather in the United States resulted in elevated non- catastrophe losses, as well as catastrophe losses of $0.39 per share. The market remained stable in the second quarter, as evidenced by the continued increase in the rates. We are pleased that we’re able to secure our mid single-digit increases in our U.S. rate change metrics in all our businesses. With respect to our commercial and professional liability businesses, well the size of the increases was slightly less than in the first quarter. We’re very pleased that we are able to obtain these increases and still achieve higher levels of renewal rentention. We produced the second quarter combined ratio of 90, including 4.8 points of cats. Excluding cats, our combined ratio was 85.2 compared to an exceptionally low 80.9 in the second quarter last year. That 80.9 last year was the best ex-cat combined ratio we’ve had any quarter in the past six years. Annualized operating ROE for the second quarter was 11.3%, while annualized GAAP ROE was 12.2%. GAAP book value per share at June 30, 2014 was $68.60 an increase of 6% from year end 2013. Our capital position is excellent and we made progress on our share repurchase program during the quarter. For the first six months of 2014, we produced net income per share of $3.83 and operating income per share of $3.20. As a result of our performance in the first half, we have reduced our guidance for full-year 2014 operating income per share to a range of $6.75 to $6.95 from the $7.10 to $7.40 per share range, we provided in January. Ricky will discuss our revised guidance later. And now for more details on our operating performance will start with Dino, who will discuss Chubb’s commercial and specialty insurance operations.
John D. Finnegan: Thanks Ricky. Despite an unusually high level of fire and weather related losses, we produced solid earnings in the second quarter of this year, which included a number of very positive developments. With respect to the U.S. market we enjoyed mid-single digit rate increases. All increase in overall retention to levels better than we have enjoyed for a number of years. In addition our new to lost business ratios improved. The upshot was ex currency premium growth of 5% in the quarter, versus 1% in the first quarter of this year. Profitability of our professional line business continued to improve professional liability, I'm sorry, reflecting rate increases in the underwriting initiatives we begin to undertake at the end of 2011. Our combined ratio and professional liability of 83.9% for the first six months of 2014. Represented about a 5 point improvement from calendar year 2013 and almost 13 point improvement from calendar year 2012. In fact the 83.9% posted in the first six months of this year is better than our professional liability performance in any full calendar year since 2007. We also enjoyed terrific performance in other long tail lines. For example, our 85.3 combined ratio in casualty was the best quarter we’ve had three years. Equally as impressive was workers compensation were combined ratio in each of the first two quarters of 2014 were the best we have recorded in any quarter in about six years. Our reserve position remains strong as reflected in the 5.8 point a favorable development we had in a quarter. And finally, during the first six months of 2014 book value per share increased 6% from year-end and we will return more than $1 billion to shareholders in the form of stock repurchases and cash dividends. On the minus side, our second quarter earnings were significantly dampened by an unusually high level of fire and non-cat whether related losses. And both commercial property and homeowners business. As we have mentioned in the past, wide fluctuation in losses in these areas from quarter-to-quarter are generally a function of the presence or absence of good fortune. Nevertheless, we reviewed these losses exhaustively on a case-by-case basis to ensure that they do not reflect any important underlying trend. So we expect to reversion to the mean overtime. And as Ricky noted an updated guidance we assume some improvement in the loss experience in the second half of this year. With that, I will open the line to your questions.
John D. Finnegan: I would just point out though it is a moving target and more rates was gotten over the first six months, improved rate adequacy on the other side. Interest rates and therefore investment income prospects are down from the end of last year you might remember interest rates are 50 points lower than they were at year end. There are headwinds here too.Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited:  You answered my question I apologize, I phrased the question poorly. Thank you.
John D. Finnegan: If it all worked out Jay but I think we have to watch and see how the courts rule following the Supreme Court decision here. It's not clear what kind of real threshold are applying in practical matters. So were not beating a wardroom, it's a great victory, we have to say, and there are some argument that it might increase defense costs on the other side. If courts take aggressive approach at our position it would help. But again, we'll have to see what happens here.Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: The defendants have the ability to say well prove to what you actually relied on that statement, or that you didn't rely on that alleged fraud when you brought the stock.
John D. Finnegan: Yes. And again Jay it was also in the context, I mean, that we didn’t think it’s going to change the marketplace in the near term, right. The people are going to wait.Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: I see. That’s helpful thank you.
John D. Finnegan: Absolutely Josh I mean we’ve talked before, I know Dino last year, for example, brought up our panorama of product and that is certainly taken our auto to a far more sophisticated level. We’ve got many tiers there. Now remember, what we write in automobile isn’t the same lets say some of the large direct writer's that have been using sophisticated analytics for a very long time. That said, when we talk about our fleets of affluent or high net worth or high valued cars that type thing, these tools are very sophisticated in helping us a lot to retain the right business and to attract new business. The same thing can be said for our pricing tiers in our predicative models around the homeowners as well for the affluent. Now your point about our brand, our relationships with agents all of that comes into play, and the analytics are just one part of the tool, but they are not everything so, Dino you wanted to touch on the unified [ph].
John D. Finnegan: Yes and Josh not to beat it to death, but we not only use them on the front end underwriting side, but we are using in awful lot of tools on the back end, on the claim side as well. So for example some of our tools are predicative models around fraud detection in workers compensation, you are seeing that manifest itself into some of the spectacular world-class combined ratio in workers comp.
John D. Finnegan: I think that in the first quarter we had very high non-cat weather related losses in homeowners that's because the weather was awful, but we’d expected that the – this quarter we had somewhat higher non-cat related weather, fire losses kicked in, first quarter we really didn't have unusually high commercial and property and marine losses just the second quarter last year was so unusually low, 63 combined. This quarter, sometimes as you never know. The quarters are discrete on a piece of paper but things we roll forward. We all loss experience was not very good in the second quarter, but we can't find any trend. Last year when I was on these calls and we had usually low losses and I certainly didn’t talk about any trends in fact what I suggested you all was that you should not project or combined ratios in the future based on margin expansion of the base period last year, combined ratio last year because it was so low. Similarly, I don't think you should project anything out the next are off this years second quarter combined ratio because I think it's unusually high. You're talking way beyond what we normally have in way beyond we had second quarter.
John D. Finnegan: Sure. We didn’t categories it as clearly the market is competitive, but frankly, it usually is. On average, we would say that the pricing dynamics though in the markets are rational. We can always point to a always to a situation where you're going to scratch your head asking why competitor may have right and account at a low price but general we are seeing most of the pressure emerge on the most profitable account. So if you're an account with longer-term profitability will on average its going to be priced much more aggressively than an insured with a similar operation that is historically less profitable or inherently tougher exposures which makes sense in particular after multiple years of rate increases. One area where we might question the rationality of pricing its around some large accounts. Example a situation where you have a low six-figure property account versus a large seven figure similar property account, the latter is going to tend to have much more aggressive pricing even if to exposure to loss on the large one as far greater and this dynamic seems to be especially prevalent at least wholesaling ENS markets as we see it. So I guess for some you can conclude that the Lora the big premium is driving motivation quite frankly in our opinion size doesn’t matter. Its really the price and the terms and conditions measured against the risk characteristics that we rely on. And in fact if you look at our retention rate of these larger accounts its below our overall retention rate we just choose draw align in the sand. In professional liability I was mainly commercial but in professional liability you’d to see same dynamics. The better businesses is being more aggressively priced however we also continue to see general acceptance in professional liability for meaningful price increases on those lines of business that have had particularly poor profitability over the years such as EPL and review the stability as encouraging. So I guess I'd say that's against this kind of competitive back drop were pleased what our mid single digital average rate increase in both commercial and professional liability and combined with some of the highest level of retention so that’s the general feel for the market. I hope that helps.Vinay G. Misquith – Evercore Group LLC: Yes. Thank you.
John D. Finnegan: You know in the end we are an insurance company and we have to bear some risk and eliminating volatility is a big step from eliminating true balance sheet risk and given away a lot of profitability and so you look at the downside. This is the worst quarter we've had since here in terms of fire losses and this kind of things and its three points worst than a five year average and guess what? We still make $2 a share on net income. So you know I mean its – we are sorry we didn't hit what we expected to hit, but this awful quarter we make $2 a share I don’t think we have to ensure it away.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
John D. Finnegan: Well let’s talk a little bit about it. I mean, let’s take, we use we say often that we have 4% loss cost trends. And I don’t think for looking at margin expansion is kind of a theoretical notion, but if you project combined ratios out, it gets important to understand what’s really going on there. We’re above that in CPI and CSI. We’re right above that and CCI. But I’m thinking kind of couple of things when you project out loss ratios, in the future. The first is that, we’ll turn transfer are different than what we might expect for losses in given short-term period. For example, when we talk about long run lost cost trends, we generally mean the economic forces our portfolio paces, before consideration of any underwriting initiatives, any business mix changes that we might adopt. So they assume a pass of underwriting approach. You know workers compensation it might be, or we’re talking about as let’s got to more the 4% with medical care, cost inflation and payroll inflation it doesn't take into account the types of things we might do in terms of changes in business mix, the client paper predict, but analytically we are using in claims and adjusting these things. So we’re constantly seeking to improve our books of business and where you just beyond rate taking focused under initiatives calling in the performing risk. It was successful in our book management, the effective year-over-year pressure on our lost ratio is overtime what generally been less in the long-term most trend itself so that’s one. Two, as I mentioned before even when you project loss ratio, you got a pickup base period that’s representative. Last year, as I said we talked about don’t use the second quarter last year that’s very, very low and we found at that wouldn’t have a good quarter to use. But because the second quarter was low initiate second was high.  Now going forward I would suggest as you look at what you called margin expansion a future loss cause, you also taking into account that this second quarter roughly high loss ratio and you know you probably need to assume some reversion to the mean as you project out into the future loss trend just not apply, the difference in margin expansion that help.
John D. Finnegan: Yes, our objective as we’ve said in the past, on average is that the buyback in essence we equal to operating earnings, less shareholder dividends. If you actually did the math when we came into this year, we were going to get back a little bit more than that formula might suggest an even with the updated guidance – operating earnings will exceed that amount, operating earnings less dividends would be a little bit less than our share buyback efforts. So, it depends on the period but on average we would expect that we would use the operating earnings less dividends as sort of the guideline.
John D. Finnegan: And we continue to believe that we have a significant excess capital position, so we have plenty of flexibility.
John D. Finnegan: Okay, maybe a I can start just with the – on the surety fees I mean clearly is the competitive market, because really surety capacity it’s increased over the last several years with demand is down obviously due to the slowdown in the construction in the U.S. as well as actually many geographies around the world. So, it has put pressure on rates that we can and we obviously do compete successfully really because of our brand or underwriting acumen or pricing discipline and the quality of customers that we have and we have been able to do that very well, it tends to grow slowly to surety business and it’s a little bit lumpy, but has been historically very profitable and we’re going to continue steady as we go.
John D. Finnegan: You want to split between commercial and personal?Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc:  Well if I could it online that would be great, but I will take it if it’s available.
Paul J. Krump: Thanks Dino. Considering the elevated level of homeowners losses Chubb Personal Insurance turned in a very good quarter. CPI net written premiums increased 5% to $1.2 billion and CPI produced a combined ratio of 92.7 compared to 89.6 in the corresponding quarter last year. The impact of catastrophes on CPI second quarter combined ratio was 7.5% in 2014. In the second quarter a year ago the cat impact on CPI's combined ratio was 12.7 points. On an ex-cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 85.2 in the second quarter of 2014 compared to 76.9 in the second quarter of 2013. Homeowners' premiums grew 4% in the quarter and the combined ratio was 92.2 compared to 86.9 in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for 12.1 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the second quarter of 2014, compared to 20.1 points in the second quarter of 2013. Excluding the impact of catastrophes the 2014 second quarter, homeowners combined ratio was 80.1, compared to an extraordinary 66.8% in the same period a year ago, which was the lowest homeowners ex-cat combined ratio of any quarter in the previous eight years. As in the first quarter this year CPI experienced an elevated level of homeowners’ fire losses in the second quarter. For comparison, U.S. fire losses in the second quarter of 2014 accounted for 13 points of the overall worldwide homeowners loss ratio, versus only five points in the second quarter of 2013. In addition the effect of U.S. non-cat weather related losses contributed about two points more of the loss ratio than in the corresponding quarter of 2013. Together the impact of U.S. fire and non-cat weather related losses accounted for ten points of the year-over-year second quarter ex-cat combined ratio delta for homeowners. Looking at our average combined impact of U.S. fire and non-cat weather related losses on homeowners over the past five years, the impact in the second quarter of this year was about six points worse than the average. At the current earned premium levels, this equates to about $40 million. Fire and weather losses do not occur in a linear fashion. We believe our book as well underwritten and that the losses will average out over time. Homeowners’ rate and exposure premium increases totaled 7% in the U.S. in the second quarter. The same is what we achieved in the first quarter of this year, as well as in the second quarter of 2013. Apart from the dollar impact of rate taking we continue to implement a greater pricing sophistication as our ability to match price to specific risks improves thus, enhancing the quality of our portfolio. The use of sophisticated analytics is also helping us retain more of our best customers. We believe this suite of enhanced tools will continue to drive profitable growth in the years to come. Personal auto premium growth was flat for the quarter, auto premiums increased in the U.S. and decreased outside the U.S. driven by currency fluctuations. The combined ratio was 95.6 compared to 95.3 in the second quarter of 2013. Policy retention in the U.S. in the second quarter was 90% for homeowners and 89% for auto. Both of which were essentially unchanged from the first quarter 2014. In other personal, which includes our accident, personal excess liability and yacht lines, premiums increased 10% and the combined ratio was 93.1 compared to 93.3 in the second quarter a year ago. Growth was driven by accident and personal excess. Turning now to corporate-wide claims. Catastrophe losses for the second quarter totaled $146 million before tax. There were 13 cat events in the United States and two in Canada. The events included wind, flood and hail, and affected customers in 30 states and three Canadian provinces. The vast majority of our cat losses were in the U.S., and were skewed to CPI. As we are all aware the season of hurricanes and heighten wildfires is upon us. As evidenced by hurricane Arthur in the Carolinas, as well as the wildfires that are burning in Northwestern United States. Thus far, we have had only a handful of small claims from these events. That said, it takes just one significant event to create intense demand for the claims services, which are the hallmark of the Chubb brand. Therefore, each year we thoroughly review our cat preparedness protocols to ensure they are current and we incorporate lessons learned from prior events. And with that, I will turn it over Ricky who will review our financial results in more detail.
Paul J. Krump: Jay this is Paul, I will augment that a little bit by saying it’s not just Halliburton you have got Omnicare, you got [indiscernible], you have got a number of decisions out there, and what really encourages us is that at first to at first to court continues to choose these cases right. So they a right to accept them or not and they're choosing to take them. I think that gives us a lot of hope. And second because these cases do present opportunities for the court to make changes that could benefit our insureds, the compounding effect of all of these cases could certainly be more than mildly positive. But taken on individual base I think you know, is characteristic of this mild positive for Halliburton is correct.
Paul J. Krump: Really this is Paul, if you look back on the homeowners side to 2009 and you can see another period where we had some anomalous losses. We've been reading high network homes now for 30 years and as we go back and we look at the history of this there have been periods where you to get that kind of misfortune of a rashes of some fires but as John mentioned we scrubbed each of these individual accounts to look for anything that we can learn from them and try to detect any trends, but at the end of the day, I think the conclusion is this is the insurance business.Vinay G. Misquith – Evercore Group LLC: So that’s helpful thank you. just to follow-up on the pricing and the competitive environment. If could you give us an update on the competitive environment out there? Thanks.
Dino E. Robusto: Hi, its Dino. As we've always mentioned, it's not surprising that renewals are always going to perform better than new lines. We have an ability to review lost until modify terms and conditions as needed. Usually results in reduced losses. And so we are always careful in our new business selection process and that's why we just focus on the target niches that we did where we have developed some expertise and we see a little bit of contraction in that gap, but it’s really just a function of new business always going to be a little bit less than renewals, there is always going to be a little bit of that gap, we just stick to what we know in our target markets that we like and where we have expertise and we are able to write a little bit more in new business in the second quarter. Now again, it's still at levels that are much lower than what they have been several years ago so just to keep that I guess the new business.
Dino E. Robusto: Maybe – its Dino, maybe I can just take a look at – answer it from just overall rate adequacy and how we look at that if I can and I’ll give you a little color and hopefully this answers its, but I don’t want to talk about rate adequacy in terms of specific percentage of the book, because that’s a little too over simplistic, right the book is very dynamic, its diversify, sophisticated, geographically diverse and also risk characteristics of an account or set of accounts can change in anyone year. Having said that clearly after the compound rate increases we've achieved over the last several years as well as the underwriting actions, it’s important to keep that in mind. We clearly feel that the book has improved in terms of rate adequacy, but there is still are portions of the book that need rate and you have to keep in mind that this happens really at the individual account level. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, our underwriters are focused on managing the rate retention dynamic based on the underwriting characters of each individual accounts and so you still see some variation on the individual accounts as an example, in the second quarter, in the top quintile by premium rate increasing we’re still getting greater than a 15% increase and in the lowest quintile we were giving about a 5% decrease. You're still seeing that variation, but clearly bottom line, after several years both of rate increase and the underwriting action the book has an improved in terms of rate adequacy.
Dino E. Robusto: Yes, just at the introduction of your question right, I mean our increased retention is increased retention of profitable business? As we are always focused on increasing our margin, so I don’t want – I just want to clarify that point, but, just a talk a little bit about the analytics on our professional liability as an example there. Our strategy and our capabilities are good towards taking advantage of the wealth of experience in our tremendously rich data set of information that we have, having underwritten literally hundreds of thousands of professional liabilities, polices over roughly more than three decades. So it’s through to this expertise and this data mining of coverage, pricing, loss data, we've built proprietary underwriting an account ranking tools and these tools can be also supplemented with external data feeds and it's the proprietary analytical tools are then just one more arrow in the underwriters quiver for them to drop on when making renewal decisions. As Paul said, analytics are increasing in this industry, but where we see it as being a real competitive advantage for us because of the history of proprietary data that we have amassed overtime. And the underwriters are very pleased with additional insight gained from these tools and we intend to continue to invest in this area.
Dino E. Robusto: I’ll point out that the cat modeling agencies have significantly reduced PMLs on the coastal areas which hasn't hurt either.Joshua C. Stirling – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Dino E. Robusto: No problem, Mike. Other personal is where we report our accident and health business, up little over 15% of that other personal the remainder than it’s represented by personal excess any odd accident as I mentioned had the highest growth driven by travel accident coverage in the United States. Personal excess liability also grew, but that was fueled by both rate and exposure, on a year-to-date basis other personal move about 6% I think grew for at 6% for the entire year 2013. so other personal growth had loss related little bit through out the year because if we have an additional subtraction of a single premium program so that can pretty much drive the growth in any one three month period of time, but I would just tell you that overall we’re very optimistic about our opportunities in accidents and as well as personal excess and in last couple of months we’ve seen some uptick in the yachts purchasing and mega yacht business that’s good for us as well. That’s what you’re seeing out there another personal.Michael S. Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Got it okay and is the ANH cohort I mean is that you expect to continue to trend higher I mean is that relatively sustainable.
Richard G. Spiro: I guess – it's Ricky, I'll try. I guess as we think about that the premium growth when we look at what we did in the first half and what we were thinking about when we came into the year, we were probably a little bit lighter in the first half of the year on margin than we had thought given in the first quarter this year we had premium growth of about zero and 1% on an ex-currency basis. So if I’m answering your question correctly, you probably would get a little incremental growth in the second quarter in order to get from where we were for the second half to get from where we were in the first half for the year to say the midpoint of the guidance. Does that help?Amit Kumar – Macquarie Group Limited:  Yes. I just wanted to asking was that Dino, are you now with seven months elapsed are you more satisfied with price adequacy of accounts than what you might have imagined at Jan, when you had come out with the guidance.
Richard G. Spiro: Yes Jay it is Ricky. I don't think that is the correct assumption. If you look at the guidance that the updated guidance and as we mentioned on the call, we are expecting some improvement in the combined ratio performance in the second half of the year. So I wouldn’t make that assumption. And in fact.
Richard G. Spiro: All right in fact it’s as I mentioned when I talked in my remarks, when we came into the year, if you look at what our initial guidance was on an ex-cat combined ratio basis, you do the math between what the midpoint of our guidance is now versus what we had in the first half in essence we believe that we’re going to have the same performance in the second half as we'd assumed we started the year.Jay B. Gould – Barclays Capital Inc.: So you would attribute the underlying combined ratio in the first half being in the low 90s more to these…
Richard G. Spiro: I’ll mention the coastal piece here Josh, just because I think you're probably thinking along the homeowner side of it. And again I’ll go back to what John just really emphasize around profitable growth, where we are seeing it on the homeowner side frankly is maybe we are seeing some customers that have exposure in Florida along the coast where heretofore we weren’t able to necessarily take on that house, but given their spread of risk that they bring to us, not just in Florida but maybe in the Northeast and Illinois another places. We are able to use some reinsurance opportunistically to hang on to those types of customers or to even write more than we’ve seen in the past. Dino I don’t know if you want to touch anything commercially. 
Richard G. Spiro: It’s Ricky. Obviously given the environment as you point out, you know we do constantly monitor the reinsurance alternatives available in the market, see whether it can not only improve our overall performance of our portfolio but also help us manage our volatility perhaps potentially grow all at the same time well trying to maintain or improve our combined ratios. We have and will continue to consider variety of options in both the traditional and alternative markets and as always we look at the cost of these alternatives versus the benefit of purchase and protection and where we routinely manage our overall portfolio and reinsurance strategy by reviewing various types of risk transfer options. We’re not going to change our outstanding strategy focusing on proper underwriting and pricing of each risk. Having said all that, we are looking at all kinds of alternatives. We understand that there are opportunities in the marketplace, but as you might expect there is always we try to balance the potential short-term opportunities with our long-term objective and strategy. So we’re looking at things, but they've got to meet our particular objectives and our strategy.
Richard G. Spiro: Were a couple of $100 million more in operating earnings, less dividends. And, we are not going to just the program of $100 million shorten income this year. Obviously give a big catastrophe all bets are off.
Richard G. Spiro: Well auto and personal it was tiny, it was 0.6. All right that’s enough.Meyer Shields – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc: Okay thanks very much.
Richard G. Spiro: It was both, but it was mainly attributable to the higher retention ratio in both the CI and CSI.Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Perfect. I think that’s all I had. Thanks so much.
