Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. As Evan mentioned, we had an excellent quarter with record operating results. Cash flow was strong at $895 million. Based on our strong sustained financial performance, S&P and Amvest recently affirmed all of our core ratings and changed their outlook on ACE to positive. Fitch upgraded us from AA- to AA. Investment income was $534 million for the quarter, higher than our expected run rate, primarily due to higher-than-expected private equity distributions. Net realized and unrealized losses were $1.4 billion pre-tax and $1.1 billion after tax for the quarter, resulting primarily from the effect of higher yields on our fixed income portfolio. As the Feds signaled a potential end in sight to the quantitative easing program, high-yield, high-grade bonds that benefited from the program were the most significantly impacted by the shift in rates. Our blended market yield rose 60 basis points during the quarter, and our portfolio movements were in line with market conditions. We remain in an unrealized gain position of $1.3 billion after-tax. Future net investment income will be positively impacted as new cash flow and portfolio turnover will be invested at these higher rates. Current new money rates are 2.9% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. And our current book yield is 3.7%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate will be approximately $525 million, which is subject to variability in portfolio rates, private equity distributions and FX. Our book value per share and our tangible book value per share declined 2.3% and 4.9%, respectively. Tangible book value was also affected by the impact of goodwill and intangibles arising from our Mexican acquisitions. Tangible book value per share would have declined 2.7%, excluding these transactions. The net impact of the mark-to-market change for the variable annuity reinsurance book was a realized gain of $35 million. This comprised a gross realized gain of about $200 million, primarily related to rising interest rates and increasing equity values offset by hedge losses, falling credit spreads and rising equity market volatilities, all of which reduced the gain by approximately $135 million. An additional $30 million of the gain was reduced by the timing effect, which we described on our disclosures as the increase in fair value liability when the VA book continues to run off as we collect premiums and get closer to annuitization claims. The VA result was in line with our expectations and with our published sensitivities. During the quarter, we had positive prior-period development of $128 million pre-tax and $109 million after-tax, with about 1/3 coming from long-tail and 2/3 from short-tail lines. Our net loss reserves are up $350 million for the quarter, and our pay-to-incurred ratio was 83%. Our CAT losses were $81 million pre-tax for the quarter, approximately half related to the Canadian floods, and the remainder related principally to severe weather events in the U.S. and the European floods. Our effective tax rate fluctuates based on where our earnings emerge. In this quarter, the effective tax rate is low relative to other quarters, primarily because a greater percentage of our income was produced in lower tax jurisdictions. In addition, we had a one-off adjustment to prior-year tax accruals that lowered the rate by 1.5 points. The company is issuing updated guidance for full year 2013 to account for the first half positive prior-period reserve development; lower-than-planned catastrophe losses realized in the first half; better first-half current accident year results, excluding catastrophe losses; and higher net investment income in the second quarter and expected for the second-half of the year. The range is $7.65 to $8.05 per share in after-tax operating income for the year. This includes estimated catastrophe losses of $260 million after-tax for the second-half of the year. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Philip V. Bancroft: I was just going to say if you look at the history of our dividend, we've increased it about 46% since January of '12, so a pretty substantial increase. And we think that those increases have enhanced returns to the shareholders in a sustained period of low interest rates and it's enabled us to keep considerable capital flexibility. So...
Philip V. Bancroft: I don't think -- no, I wouldn't count on the lower -- if there was a couple of one-off adjustments to accruals. And I wouldn't expect that to be part of [indiscernible].
Philip V. Bancroft: And then it bounces around a little bit by mix of business because some business attracts a higher commission line than others. And so when you grow your very large account business, you're generally going to pay a lower commission than when you're growing your flow business. And that, with the acquisition where we show it, bounce around quarter-to-quarter will look like. Underlying operating expense ratio is very comfortably under control.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, as you can see, our book yield still is above our market yield. So as the portfolio turns over into the whole yielding market rates, if market rates were to stay where they are, we think investment income would stay flat on that basis. Because new money would offset the decline in investment income that would result as the portfolio moves into the lower rate. I was just going to say, we are predicting or at least internally, that interest rates will rise. But that's -- that will be seen.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, that's what I mean. Growth in the portfolio with our new cash flow, right? Well, it tends to offset almost directly the degradation in investment income because the portfolio rolls into a lower-yielding rate environment.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, 12 to 18 months. And what we're going to do is put a schedule in the 10-K or 10-Q that'll lay out our expectation for the rest of the year.
Philip V. Bancroft: Prospectively, you mean? I would say, if you looked at current accident year X CATS, I would use a number in the neighborhood of 15%.
Philip V. Bancroft: It's principally the prior. I mean, the positive interest rates. As we said, the portfolio market rate was up 60 basis points in the quarter. And we see that having a positive impact for the next 2 quarters at least.
Philip V. Bancroft: It really wasn't related to acquisitions, but we did have some accrual changes related to some work we were doing around the stock compensation area. But nothing that I would take as a ongoing trend.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't hold a crystal ball that can predict the future. I can tell you that July pricing was similar to the second quarter pricing on that we've seen the same strong trend we have been seeing in casualty to flood-based continued in July. I mean, that is encouraging to us. Beyond that, I simply can't produce -- can't predict the market, but I'm very comfortable about ACE's ability to perform and outperform in any market.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay, then I'm going to turn it over to John Lupica, who maybe will give you -- because I said it's broad-based. So we pick 5 or 6 lines, 7 lines and give you a sense in both the retail and the wholesale so you'll see a little distinction. Casualty pricing in the wholesale side is on -- is a little stronger than on the retail side.
Evan G. Greenberg: So trying to give you a better sense of both growth and also sort of the broadness of rate, and that you can see the rate in the second quarter is better than the year-to-date rate.
Evan G. Greenberg: It's -- the pipeline of potential opportunities from an acquisition point of view are completely independent of anything to do with pricing, number one. Number two, remember, generally, the analyst community, and I mean this in a positive way, you have a very -- you have no visibility on what could be potential out there. There's over 50,000 insurance companies in the world. And it's a big world, and there is a vast amount of opportunity. If it meets -- if it meets our strategy, advances what we're doing organically and align with our territory and it meets our financial hurdles and return to investors, then we'll pull the trigger. And it's all opportunistic. And beyond that, I won't really comment except that we're vigilant and we're paying attention and we're are constantly looking.
Evan G. Greenberg: And no, it signals nothing about cash flow. In fact, as you could see, our cash flow is quite strong. We're very liquid, and the payout ratio will bounce around a little bit. But it'll average in the similar range over a period of time.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Jay, we'll see how the future will -- I'm not going to predict the future, because short-tail business can have -- it'll have some variability around the mean to it. I don't know what you mean by have we hit or we hit a place where we're just comfortable. We're constantly striving to grow the business and do with it pricing that we think achieves an adequate rate of return. And as you know, we're willing to make that trade off in any line of business where it doesn't meet our hurdle rates, or what we think is a reasonable rate of return given this environment. And that's what the combined ratios represent. And where we see opportunity to write business at what we think is decent enough pricing to earn a reasonable underwriting margin, we're going to keep doing that. And the mix will change a little bit quarter-to-quarter, and that can change the accident year combined ratio a bit. But the more you get rate and if inflation stays subdued and you keep growing the business this way, then you audit, that only benefits margin.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, exposure growth, and that's a good way to think about it. The -- we got exposure growth 2 ways. As I said in the commentary, 3 points of the growth came from exposure growth on our in-force portfolio, and that's economic activity-related. So that speaks to a firming economy that's got -- that is reasonably broad-based. The balance came from us growing share in classes of business, where we think the pricing allows us to produce a reasonable underwriting profit. And that's informed by our portfolio management that, as you know, is quite granular, quite mature, and that we just focus relentlessly on in here. It's our decades-long effort. And to just get more and more insightful about -- in a more granular way about particular pockets of business that behave differently than other cohorts where we see an opportunity. And it's there that we grow exposure. So when we like the pricing to exposure, we will grow exposure. Now we have the capital and the balance sheet to do it. And we know our minds, and we will not hesitate.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, not coming through more than we thought. And they're not really particularly contributing towards these revised guidance estimate. And remember, the revised guidance, we did not increase our estimate for the balance of the year, current accident year. We revised our guidance based on the year-to-date results, our current accident year, CAT, investment income, prior-period development, and then we rolled forward the investment income. Other than that, for the balance of the year, we did not increase.
Evan G. Greenberg: I did a little bit. And so this is what -- I'll make a couple of comments about them. First, I do refer you to our annual report shareholder letter that speaks to how the acquisitions we have made over the last 5 or 7 years have performed in aggregate and how they looked versus other means of capital deployment on a return basis. And so a return analyst to that, to begin with. Number two, these acquisitions over a reasonable period of time, on an ROE basis, and when I say reasonable, looking out 3 years, will meet or exceed our hurdle rate, our ROE hurdle rate, and that's pretty good. In the early period, you have -- you always have purchase accounting that weighs on ROE. And on an ROI basis, with the underlying health of it, they are extremely accretive and doing quite well. They're -- it's early days on Mexico, but everything we see, it's on track. And if anything, it's going to perform better than we expected, at this moment, from what we can tell.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, we don't typically -- we don't disclose it on a quarterly basis. I believe that we put on the website -- we put -- we published at the end of last year when we did investor dinners, we published a piece that we put out. And it breaks down the revenue on an annual basis by division within, I think, North America. I think we have that, and you can get that. I don't have that in my head, but U.S. retail is the largest. Then after that, you have wholesale business. And then after that, you have Private Risk Services.
Evan G. Greenberg: You can go get it. You can go get the breakdown. And it hasn't changed much between what we showed at year-end and what we run now.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes -- no, Mike, you're not thinking of it right. Syndicated, I think of syndicated, to me, is more of a London where there's a line slip. There's a slip that goes around and everybody takes a share, that's a syndicated. In this case though, of taking down whole risk in the small and middle market commercial business, one carrier will generally take down the whole risk. In a large account in the upper middle market business, and this varies by line of business, and so it's hard to paint a broad brush. But in the upper middle market and large account, it's usually a layered approach. And so one -- you'll participate in certain layers. But the guy who takes the primary, puts out the paper, controls the claims and the engineering and the global servicing, that's where the real action is to me. That's where your real franchise versus just capital in a box. And ACE is a lead player in that regard. They come to us, not simply for the capacity, but for all those services. And then there may be others behind us who will participate in layers, and that's the capital in a box.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, not really. Where I see divergence, it's not in -- the trends are the same in wholesale and retail. The wholesale side of the business naturally is the more -- that's the E&S business. You'll write -- E&S also, we write plenty of it on the retail side also. And that's where it'll be the more difficult to place or tougher classes, and so therefore, you might see us. As we said, we saw over 7.5% growth in casualty rate on the E&S side, whereas it was more modest on the retail side. Same trends. And that reflects the nature of the risk and its need for rate. But we're not seeing -- we're seeing the same trend, and we're not seeing stupid competition that is somehow breaking that trend in either.
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. Look, I -- there's more capital chasing, to some degree, less business on the reinsurance side, and it always comes back in any market economy and with any industry. It's that old supply-demand thing, and that's what you got going on. And so you see particularly with a lot of visibility to investors is the CAT Re side. Though remember, over the overall reinsurance market, it's a small thing that casts a big shadow. And there, you see alternate capital coming in capital markets, in addition to traditional players. And so -- and you don't see exposures growing that much, and so you got that pond with more drinking out of it on the CAT. But in the broader reinsurance market of casualty, property, marine, the primary players have retained more business on one hand. There is plenty of capital in reinsurance because the results have been good, so their balance sheets have grown, and reinsurers are hungry. And there, as many will profess, underlying discipline, but they chase market share. And for many of them, their standards are not the same as ours. And for many, it's all they do for a living, and so they feel compelled. And they -- that sets the table, and reinsurance is softening. How much will it soften? Will low interest rates maintain and put a floor under discipline? Remains to be seen. But the way I look at it is kind of the market you got is the market you should expect to have. And so we'll continue to play it as we do. If we like the trade, we'll ride it. If not, you've seen, well, our track record is. We will shrink businesses, and have no problem doing that. And we are so well spread in so many lines in so many geographies, I'm not concerned about that for a moment.
Evan G. Greenberg: Because they become part of the company. And we don't just start, well, Malaysia is this big or Thailand is this big on organic. And then we make an acquisition, we don't start distinguishing those in that regard.
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. I gave you an ACE International growth number, which was 18% in the quarter. And half of it was from the acquisitions. So 9% organic in ACE International and 9% from the acquisitions. And AOG is made up of ACE International. ACE Global Markets and the Overseas business of combined insurance.
Evan G. Greenberg: In past cycles before this one, typically, the reinsurance market that led to primary. This time around, in this cycle, the primary market led. And in fact, the reinsurance market stayed stable and hardly followed. And so I don't see that same linkage that way. And I don't believe that the reinsurance market is a leading indicator of where the primary market is going to go. Number one, one of the reasons is the size of balance sheet on the primary side on the large players. And they're much better data over the years in the last cycle. And because of math and computer power, and technology has changed it that way, and given their insight, they're making different kinds of decisions about how to hold retentions, how to think about exposure. And they retain much more, many do than they did in the past. And that's what creates some of that delinkage between the 2. And so I don't expect that somehow -- I'm not spooked that somehow the reinsurance market portends the insurance market. I just -- I don't see that in front of me.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I don't think that's right either. Usually, the E&S market expands or contracts with market cycles. As in a softer part of a cycle, the E&S market shrinks, because the traditional insurers on the retail side, they expand their appetite. They tend to write business that they have no business writing. Because all of a sudden, they think, "Man, that price looks good relative to what I normally write. I'll write a lot to habitational business." And they don't realize that, that business, that they're writing it at a loss. And when they then get disciplined, because as the losses roll in, then they shrink their appetite and the E&S market expands. And so the E&S markets usually follows along that way. It doesn't lead it.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I can't really predict the future. But first of all, you do see a slowdown in major emerging markets right now: China, Brazil, as 2 in particular. And When China slows down, that lead generally most natural resource-based countries will slow down. And China, where an awful lot of assemblage for export takes place, those that are doing component manufacturing so throughout Southeast Asia, et cetera, they will slow down. And as China's own consumption, if it slows down, then that will impact many other countries in Asia, and to some degree, in Latin America. Where we see economic slowdown, it's obviously slowed down dramatically in Brazil, as an example. And our business has slowed down in that country. But we've got Mexico, Columbia, Chile, the Indian countries have been doing quite well. When I look at Asia-Pacific, China, which we don't consolidate, as you know, because we own a minority position in Southeast Asia, I don't see that in our business and I don't see the economic slowdown. I was just in Indonesia and Malaysia, and those countries are doing quite well. Will they moderate, do I believe? Will they ameliorate in terms of growth? Yes. But particularly because, as I say, China casts such a big shadow. But I think it'll still be relative to the developed world. It'll still be robust, relatively robust growth. And at any one time, these markets are volatile. And at any one time, any 1 country or 2 countries can slow down, and that can have some impacts on us. But on the overall, I don't see it yet. I don't see it in front of me at this moment.
Evan G. Greenberg: And Jay, the other thing you have is mortgage. Things like mortgage redemptions have slowed down. So to a degree, portfolio turnover has slowed down a little bit. And that's been -- that benefits it.
Evan G. Greenberg: Wow, Meyer, that's the holy grail. Look, no, there's no indicators. It maintains -- it's relatively benign. I remind you that CPI is not the indicator of insurance-related inflation. Medical inflation, while it's down, still runs around 4%. You have legal inflation that continues. And by the way, on the short-tail side, you have more inflation around construction materials, and you get some hourly rate and all of that, particularly as housing starts, et cetera, pick up. So you always have an underlying trend, and you got to know that. But it's been pretty steady. We choose not to change long-term inflation factors for casualty. And if it turns out to be better, it shows up ultimately in our earnings in prior period, but we run our business conservatively. And anyone who's has been in the casualty business for any reasonable length of time, it's not a business for optimists, and you understand that the good news comes early and the bad news comes late, and so we continue to play it conservatively that way because you don't know 2 or 3 years out. And if economic activity picks up, well, that's what will drive inflation. We know it's been holding inflation down. It's demand side, not supply side.
Evan G. Greenberg: That's been a slow-moving trend for a bunch of years now, that's not new. And when you talk to the major suppliers, as I know you do, they'll talk to you about the thousands. The inefficiency is they see it in their own system and thousands of carriers that they deal with, there are many hundreds. And how -- that's not the most efficient for both client or for themselves, it's how they do business. And for many reasons, that occurs and -- but it all comes down to human and their desire to, over time, rationalize and consolidate that. And you see it show up in different activities and actions on the parts of brokers over time. And that's been going on, and my sense is that will continue to a degree. There's nothing -- it's not event-related, and it's not startling, and I haven't seen anything new. I always see a lot of old wine, new bottles constantly coming out. But that's true kind of any business.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, I'm not. The only place I'm really seeing multiyear deals of any size has been in CAT Re. [indiscernible] it always occurs. Other than that, no, I'm not seeing.
