Evan Greenberg: Thanks for asking that question. New business pricing and renewal pricing are actually tracking very closely right on each other. In fact, I’d tell you that new business pricing in many cases has been better than renewal pricing. And that is an improvement to trend from what we’ve been seeing in the past. Regarding loss cost, you know, look, it varies – it varies by product over and depending on how you view loss cost. When I look at short-tail business, any rate increases we’re receiving are greater than loss cost trend. On long-tail business, if you believe the past is an indicator of the future and inflation has been relatively benign except in healthcare cost. Then, you know, some of the rate we’re seeing – rate we’re seeing in some of the classes is tracking loss cost. On the other side of the coin, that’s not how I view things. I don’t believe that the past is an indicator of the future, and I think that loss cost continue, you know, we continue to use loss cost trends that frankly are greater than the rate increase we’re receiving today.
Evan Greenberg: Well, at a moment in time, I mean, you get it a moment in time but it's just as is – and I tell you how we, you know, what we continue to say, you’re not going to achieve your cycle over a cycle ROE target in the product line. Sometimes in cycle year, you achieve greater ROE than as your target and sometimes you achieve below that. But our guide is combined ratio. And so, we walk away when we can't earn an underwriting profit, and I think that's the more clear right way to think about this.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it has been sustainable and sustainability is going to – and I'm bullish about the future. A lot of the growth is coming because the pie is growing. When you take the economic much more robust and rigorous economic development that is taking place in parts of Asia and in parts of Latin America greater economic activity means greater exposure and there's more consciousness about insurance and more insurance being purchased. There are more people not just businesses but more who are – who are entering the middle class in those territories. So I think trend for business and consumer has been and will continue to be favorable though like anything else in life, it will have its – it will have its volatility.
Evan Greenberg: We are – well, I'm not going to speculate on that part of it. We're not changing and we, you know, with all the thought we give to it, our target for ROE over a cycle has not changed.
Evan Greenberg: Vinay, for both in – as best as an environment, in fact through all the "brandy-wide runoff liabilities," we're in a middle of our annual review right now. And I don’t have any results yet. As you know – as all of you know, any reserve movements are individual claim or client dependent and I just don’t have any visibility into that now we're doing the reserve study.
Evan Greenberg: Year on year, there are two things. There was a large risk management contract in last year's quarter and in this year's quarter, it's obviously the impact of crop.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. It's down 5%, you have to – there's two things. And then I'm going to make an overall statement about that.
Evan Greenberg: Number one, you have to adjust for one type – you have to adjust – you normalize for one time transaction that we wrote last year or lost or totally were going to transfer. And also, as we have spoken in many quarters in the past, we reduced substantially, almost to zero our writings in traditional risk transfer workers’ comp. We’re just not going to write this list, it’s running 115% to 120%. And I might add that many of the rate increases I hear out in the market place right now over-all are related to workers’ comp where maybe you’re getting 7% or 8% but just starting from 115 or 120 combined. We de-emphasized that class. And that plus the one time transaction together when you adjust for that North America is flat. We’re receiving great, and as I said, we’re maintaining underwriting discipline, and we’re very portfolio focused. And so while we’re achieving great, at the same it, we’re not writing, you know – new business writings are up in the quarter over last year, but they’re still relatively modest. And on a policy count basis you know, we’re still trading market share a bit for achieving better rate.
Evan Greenberg: So I think that’s what we depicted on page 10 of the supplement, right? We said, in the top part of that schedule, we showed the assumptions that are implicit in our insurance accounting, and in the bottom table, the rates that are current and the current yield curve. And so as you look at it from top, you know, the first column it says operating – you can see there’s a relatively modest change when you change those interest rates to our operating income, and in the column to the right shows the realized gains that result from the various – for those two scenarios. So in each case, the book value grows, it’ll grow faster obviously if interest rates rise faster.
Evan Greenberg: So all the way over to the right on that page, shows the total of the operating income and the realized gains and loss, and that would be the total increase to book value.
Evan Greenberg: Well we – Phil Lance [ph] whether it’s in the press release, but he did just tell you – you’ve got what he said in his comments right that –
Evan Greenberg: It is related to – dilution – we said we will buyback, we will have a program to buyback our dilution. We don’t match it necessarily quarter for quarter just over a period, you know, over a reasonable period of time when we think it’s right, we execute buyback.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you know, I’m kind of cautious guy about this. I’m not willing to declare that this is a future trend, but we have been seeing it now for a couple of quarters, and it is – the floor is continuing to firm and we’re – and where we were getting rate increase we’re getting more rate increase now than we were a quarter ago. And we’re even seeing that as I said, for September the rate was even better and more classes are achieving that. What you’re finding is, the market place in general is unwilling – less and less willing, there are always cowboys and out liars [ph] there, but less and less willing to go along with any rate decrease. And in fact, brokers, are – less and less requesting rate decreases or bludgeoning the weak to give them. And that is – you know, that’s a favorable trend. And you know, I’d hardly declare it a hard market, but I’d say it’s – you know, it’s firming the market, it’s not softening, and it is beginning to firm.
Evan Greenberg: Well you know, look, substantially, crop had a huge – a huge impact on that. Remember our seated ratio on crop was substantial, first of all, Renan Hale [ph] had an insurance company, and that’s one of the things we bought, and so they had a retention. And then there was more third part reinsurance even from them because of their limited capital while we captured both and that changes the net to gross. So our policies were out front on all that business. That’s the major changer.
Evan Greenberg: First on the free trade agreement, you know, look – there’s no – I don’t see any big event as a result of that, but you know, it’s all incremental, everything helps. And when – particularly in Korea, there is commitments to treat foreign participants same as you treat domestic participants and there’s greater transparency. I – to see change, but it’s an incremental benefit. And it also increase trade which increases activity and that increases opportunity for insurance. In Columbia which is frankly, I think we’re almost – we were almost sliding a defensive action as a country because Columbia which has been a long term ally of the United States, is very pro-American, was turning their gaze more towards other countries, China, Canada, and was becoming more disillusioned with America which makes it more difficult for American businesses when we go down there to generate opportunity. This is a reaffirmation that we certainly tried their patience in waiting all the years we did to do this and we certainly didn’t handle it I think in the best of ways and lost some political capital along the way with them, this definitely improves, it shows America’s commitment towards Latin America, and that is a benefit for American businesses. When it comes to – but I don’t expect to see change in Asia’s business, it’s all steady stuff by itself, another brick in the wall. Austerity in the United States and Europe, you know, look, first, it creates a drag on economic growth, and that will eventually show up and expose your growth for the industry which is the biggest impact. And then we know how much is being driven by the political environment right now whether it is Europe, whether it is the U.S. and our deficit and our inability to create confidence in business. Those really weigh on growth and they will weigh – and the insurance industry is a reflection of that.
Evan Greenberg: I think a couple of – I think the best peer companies are endeavoring to do what we do and show discipline. And they are trying to press the market to recognize a price that reflects the risk. And then I think there are those who will just follow along with that and then there's, you know, there are still, you know, quite a number who will – who, given the chance, will take advantage to just write business for market share. They don't even – they don't know any better. I am convinced many of them don't even know the difference between what's an adequate or an inadequate price. But I see a number of companies that are trying to – a few that are brand names and I think are well run companies that are trying to do what we're doing.
Evan Greenberg: And the way you lead is simply – it's very simple. It's not that you say, "I'm going to lead the market." Instead you say, "I am going to get a price that is commensurate with the risk or I'm willing to trade market share," period.
Evan Greenberg: On your second question, you know, we've recovered a reasonable portion. We have not recovered all of it. Interest rates continued to fall. Equity markets, you know, from where they were in '07,'08 came down substantially. So when you add those together it has not fully recovered as of this time. That's another let down.
Evan Greenberg: Well you say that, but we, you know, Paul, what we did was and let me go a little further is we gave you three or four years of transparency on that. That's why we did that so that you could see the sensitivity around that and do interest rates move in line with what we have in the buy-and-hold accounting, do they – do they behave or do they behave just like they did in fair value or is it something in between? And you can see how it accretes back. One, it will take longer to accrete back. The other one, it's shorter and something in between is just that. And so, you know, you could see those assumptions in that transparency. And I might add if you look beyond that, what we assume for interest rates for years pass that in the Life accounting is simply – is simple around 4.3% or 4.4% over many years to come in the future, the next 20 years, so nothing crazy. And so that, again, I think will help to ameliorate and we will accrete back.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You know look, most of the expense ratio improvement was due to the crop, the consolidation of all of the crop business into Ace. That was the substantial event that did that. It increases the loss ratio and decreases the expense ratio substantially. So it's more of a mix of business related. We've been practicing what we believe to be very tight expense control for many years. We don't let expenses get out of hand. And when we're in a fast growth period and therefore it's more steady as she goes in a slower growth period. There is no period where we are not trying to become more efficient and ring out every dollar we could find.
Evan Greenberg: You see seasonality anyway in our – in our business, in our expense ratio as it is. And this just adds another factor of seasonality to it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The – Phil may talk about how it affects the model, but I didn’t tell you this. The policy holder behavior, the annuitizations in our portfolio don't begin – you get a little bit of – people, policies that mature could annuitized in '012, very little. You get a little – a bit more in '013. You get more, much more in '014 that are eligible for annuitization. And that's where you're going to see substantial policy holder behavior. And what we know right now from the studies we – from the clients we have where they have written this business long enough that there's enough data on annuitization from what we've seen, they're behaving, the annuitization rates are in line with what we would expect, what we expect and what we – what are in our models.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. The RMA has done, in our judgment, an excellent job in administering crop insurance over the years. And as you know, number one, there has been a number of changes to crop insurance that's not favorable to insurers. Over the last few years there have been two changes. We change it twice, number one. Number two, there is very strong recognition and support from both the agricultural industry and both sides of Congress, Democrat and Republican, for the – for the value of crop insurance, the recognition of the value of crop insurance in the agricultural economy. And I can tell you when the industry and when – and when both sides of Congress who were involved in this are discussing this subject they are more focused on achieving any deficit reduction in other areas of agricultural support than in crop insurance. Those are there priorities out in front because they recognize there's been change and they recognize – they all recognize the value of this. And it's quite overwhelming. So when I'm – while there are many things I'd be concerned about, this is not the one that I'm really focused on as a concern.
Evan Greenberg: Look, no one – no one can make that – you know, in this environment, no one can make any statements of, you know, definitive statements of certainty. But I feel fairly confident about that, yes.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s like one of these disaster movies they keep saying, “It’s coming, it’s coming, it’s coming,” and, you know, and it’s like – they’re expecting significant flooding in Bangkok. They have been saying it for the last week that major flooding is coming and when we talk to the people on the ground and say, “Man, I keep looking out the window and seeing a sunny day and, you know, and it’s still dry but, you know, the water is moving down there.” That is a question of whether the (inaudible) hold, and if they do and they can pump water to the canals while the city will have water, you know, it remains to be seen how inundated it becomes. Right now, most of the industrial parts that are often the north, most of the early reports we have and it’s a very early. I’ve been talking to our folks last night, they say that, while there’s water all around of them and they can’t open because people can’t get to work right now. The facilities themselves have not experienced any significant flooding as of this time. Now, you know, that’s very early, don’t go to the bank on that and, we’ll see, this is just unfolding.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t write a lot of CPI ourselves and I really can’t tell you because that’s a very insured specific. We’ll have to see, you know, just, you know, keep your eye on it, give it some time and we’ll see.
Evan Greenberg: I think we – in essence, yes, but we all – we’ll work on that, Jay, whether we, you know, because we don’t really break out by line of business. And so, and we don’t want to really start heading down that rabbit hole so much but this is a big book, so we’ll take that under consideration but the thing that we did do as we told you that in constant dollar – in constant dollar that on a publish basis our growth is 5.5% roughly excluding crop and the one time transaction we wrote last year so it gives you ...Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you know, as I mentioned, we have – we have negative and positive by the way. and they net it out to fundamentally neutral, okay? I think it was a $4 million change. So, there was – there were ups and downs and, you know, it’s what you – what you find. You never, you know, this is about reserves the right. They're a little better or a little worse and it which each cat related back to each quarter, each quarter’s cat, a little change in this one and a little, you know, up and a little positive in this one and so when you net them out between them and next to fundamentally zero.Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So no big moves from a particular cat, it sounds like.
Evan Greenberg: No. No, big moves from any particular catastrophe except that I should say the – one of my colleagues wants to say something.
Evan Greenberg: Japan is where because by the nature of it is where the largest change took place.Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it’s – has that type of deal – I don’t want to give you a glib answer so I’m thinking about for a moment. I’m a little bit. It’s more on a theme that I have been saying for awhile that is showing itself and that is we’re seeing a little more around opportunities with financial institutions that own insurance companies where insurance is a secondary business to them not their primary business.Jay Cohen – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks, Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Well, we have been consistent and clear that in our loss cost trends and casualty overall, you know, we still price and depends on the line of business, you know, 5% to 6% in primary going up to like the ninth to eleventh in excess because of the leverage and that continues, that doesn’t change and you’re not getting rate increases to track that. Though the difference between – but then there’s two – there’s two things that are ameliorating. You’re getting price so the gap is not growing. It’s shrinking. And secondly, what you benefit form is as business you wrote in the past begins to run off as it matures, that business because of inflation being less than you priced in, in the past, that business is running of more favorably than those two things that are ameliorating to what you see as trend. So I hope that expansion helps you.James Keating – The Green Button: Sure, it does. Thanks a lot.
Evan Greenberg: Not really. And, you know, Ace is more of a brokerage company and – so no, we don’t notice that and I might add, in fact, probably we’re getting better, doing a little better on the larger trade, more sophisticated client than we are on the – on the smaller just flow business commodity.
Evan Greenberg: We’re seeing increased submission but we’re seeing better retention of business which first is the – that’s the more stabilizing to me and we’re seeing pricing not just in property which, you know, by itself would move you to positive rate even if other classes were negative but we’re seeing it – not we’re seeing positive pricing not just in property but we’re seeing it in casualty in ENS as well.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, you got it. You know, look, Penn Miller was a mutual company, and when it was a mutual, it could focus very, very well on what it does particularly well its expertise which is in that agro business-related property. You know, the company went public and as such you feel some of the company, you know, public company pressures and they were expanding out in other things that, you know weren't really within their wheel house [ph]. We’ll focus on their wheel house [ph]. And then we’ve got very large distribution and a great brand with Rain and Hail and this is just – this is adding an expertise that we will take advantage of.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, but a number of those will come from current day’s product capability not from acquisition whether it’s in the high net worth area or whether it’s growing in the farm area, whether it’s environment opportunities, whether it’s overseas exposure for those in the agro business, whether it’s what we’re doing in small commercial that this gives us reach into more rural community. So over time, remember, it’s not going to be quick. You have to do this in a thoughtful and methodical way. Over time we will add more products and we're beginning to do that.
Evan Greenberg: And it’s the same point on the equity index, right, to the extent that we believe that this is a fundamental change and we’re no longer believe the assumptions in our insurance accounting model then we would change it.
Evan Greenberg: On workers’ comp line of business. I have – when we think we can earn and underwriting profit, that’s when – that’s when we would consider expanding in any significant way in that line of business. And I do not see that on the horizon. And you know, you run a 115 in your earning, you know, 1%, 2%, 3% you know, at that point – in our judgment, you’re destroying capital, you’re destroying share holder value, and we just don’t have an interest in it, and I don’t see on the horizon a change in that. That is substantial enough.
Evan Greenberg: I think so. You know, I don’t know. That’s rational. And so the first thing I’d say is I think so, because that’s my rational mind speaking and we’ll see.
Phil Bancroft: Okay, I'm sorry. Yes. There were two things. I think there are two periods where if you look at the disclosure we do around the sensitivities, the result for the quarter was a lower loss than you would have expected. The fourth quarter of '08 and the second quarter of '10 and as we disclosed in our, you know, 10 queues and all – during those quarters, we made other assumptions changes. We change assumptions relative to annuitization and, you know, the impact on annuitization of people being deeper in the money and those types of things. So we made some changes to the models that reflected our, you know, updated view of policy or the behavior. In this quarter we had no model changes so there were no, you know – so that as it turns out the reported results were, in my view, right in line with the sensitivities that we just closed.
Phil Bancroft: Yes. Based on what we know now, we don't think that there's going to be any material impact on either our book value or our income going forward. Now, we're still on the process of reviewing it and having it audited, but that's where we are.
Phil Bancroft: Well it's effectively in runoff, been in run off. We have not been in any new business. We don't have any intention at least in – at this point in writing any new business. And while you say, stock on one hand, that's true. And it's also producing about $40 million, $45 million a quarter of operating account. It does continue to produce (inaudible), you know, between $160 million and $180 million a year of income.
Phil Bancroft: Yes. I think, well actually we would have said the equity markets were down 14% for the quarter and interest rates were off 40%. So, you know, if we've done it ourselves, you can get back right in to – we tested the disclosure and it works very well.
Phil Bancroft: No. We continue to study. You know, each period we see the experience that emerges in the period and we decide whether that indicates a change to, you know, what we've used for the annuitization rates for example. But you're right. That's why there's no change because we're not – we're not seeing anything that would tell you to change up or down.
Phil Bancroft: Yeah, not necessarily. And you can see in our disclosure we’ve talked about our protocols and it depends – remember something, it depends on where – what we think – where we think interest rates are going to be at the time someone annuitizes. That’s when interest rates come to play. They're a function of what somebody will receive when they annuitize. And so, it’s in their contract with their – with their insurance company and then the insurance company has a protocol with us. So, if we think interest rates would be at that level when someone is annuitizing in ‘013, then we would – we would reflect that in our life insurance accounting reserve.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi, Evan. I was wondering if there’s been a difference in the ability to get rate between agency source business and broker source business.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Interesting. And are any of those large clients buying less coverage to offset rate yet or is there no real change in demand for cover.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. Got it. And just my last and real quick, on the Penn Miller acquisition, I think I understand the strategy, I just want to make sure. From what I understand, they’ve historically struggled a bit of trying to, you know, to leverage the equipment business with the crop and I assume just given – you obviously have much more scale and better distribution that is sort of a natural fit to go to your customers and try to cross sell if you will.
Philip Bancroft: I give the run rate, you know, in our opening remarks at 555 to 565, that’s our view. You know it’s going to be subject to survivability. One of the things we’re seeing is in some of the mortgage portfolios, the durations are extending so we’re not moving as quickly into the lower new money [ph] rates. And we've – we’ve estimated those things but it’s going to subject to volatility of that in efex and private equity distribution, so that’s our best guess at this point.
Philip Bancroft: Yes. Well, from a March standpoint, what we said – I’ll just give you a couple of numbers as examples. If the S&P fell to 1,000 for example, we have an additional mark of 250. If the interest rate fell another 50 basis points, just as an example, and that’s falling from the 1.9 as we said is the 100-year low rate, if that fell, it would be another 250.
Philip Bancroft: Now let be clear, those two things are completely unrelated. In Hong Kong, we have separate account products. So the results of the assets belong to the policy holders. So we have two things going on, the value of the assets go down, that goes into other income, the value of the liabilities go down correspondingly, completely offsetting, and that goes into benefits. So there’s no impact or no book value, or no impact to that, it just has to be separated because you know, it’s a technical thing that since it hasn’t been improving in the course of those accounts are bankruptcy remote [ph] they just have to be shown that way, but there is no net effect because it reverse the As, it reverse this – for the policy holder.
