Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Elyse, I can't look into the minds of others, so I'm not sure what they're thinking. But when I'm looking at the fourth quarter right now, I'm not seeing any change really in pricing momentum. The one variable you always have in the fourth quarter is, people who really want to puff up their chest about how they grew. They chase volume always – and this is just the way it works – in the fourth quarter to try to meet budgets and all that stuff. And so you always see some more desperate noise around getting business in the fourth quarter that you don't see the same way in other quarters. Interesting. But I've seen no change to that pattern. But with that said, we see the same pattern of rate movement so far in the fourth quarter that we saw in the third, with more casualty-related lines getting rate, with the exception of Middle Market comp, and property because you're now rate-on-rate slowing down. And that's kind of the pattern, as we've been seeing it.
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. Yeah. I'm going to turn it over to Paul Krump, but I'm going to make this one general statement and it will be redundant a little bit to what he says. But we've been – this is a trend we've been talking about for a while. And it's a trend; it's not simply a one off, one quarter or one or two quarters. We've been seeing this movement in loss ratio and talking about it for two years now. And with that, let me turn it over to Paul.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah. Look, it varies by line of business, so you really – you can't sort of make a general statement. And this is what I mean: there were some lines – in E&S casualty as an example, and I'm going to turn it over to our Chief Actuary in a second, to give you more color, but I want to give you a certain perspective. You can listen to commentary that says rate right now equals loss cost trend. So there's no erosion in combined ratio. Well, you could be listening to that about certain E&S casualty lines that happen to be running 110% or 120% combined ratio. Now, there's a head fake around that statement. Right? When you hear it. There are other lines of business where, frankly, we're getting 1% in those casualty lines, and it is adequate because we're earning a reasonable underwriting profit there and we don't see a lot of loss cost trend. So, it really varies around the lot. But to give you a more general picture of all this, let me turn it over to Paul O'Connell.
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm going to turn it over in one second to John Lupica, but I'm going to take the last part of that question for a moment. He's going to talk to you about average combined ratios for the last decade. And there's, of course, a range of deviation around that like any line of business, but particularly a line of business that has a catastrophe element to it. And I think that's the way you have to think about it. I don't think there's this question of excess versus inadequate. I would disabuse of that, but let me turn it over to John.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, I'm not giving you a point estimate, but you're in the range. And it will take – look, it will take a little while. It could take 18 months or thereabouts, because you got – this is a filed product, you got to keep filing rate increases. You put them in on renewal. It takes time to earn in. And then in the meantime, we are taking other underwriting action regarding coverage, how we offer coverage, who we offer it to, where we offer it – we're refining some of that right now, based on what we know – and our use of reinsurance. So, all of that will play, Kai.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, your math is pretty good. The thing I'd add to that is, I think with a combination of our own underwriting discipline and the freedom that we have to grow in other areas when there are certain areas under stress because of our geographic and product reach and the customer segments and distribution. The freedom that gives us. When I add that and I add an interest rate environment that, frankly, is improving from our perspective and what I think is a yield curve that's going to steepen, I might, over a reasonable period of time, play a little more about the earning power that will come out of the investment side. That's as far as I'm going to go, Kai, because I don't engage in – I don't give guidance and this is a guidance discussion. And so, I'm being friendly and patient.
Evan G. Greenberg: The only thing I'll tell you is is, you go into a difficult environment, the more difficult the environment gets, I'm thinking from a macroeconomic or financial or political, that's when opportunities rear their heads.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to do that. But what I'm going to do first is hand it to Juan Andrade, who runs that business, and let him speak a little about it. And then we'll come back and have a short chat.
Evan G. Greenberg: When I think about our performance, I think – when I look at the combined ratios of this company, and I look at the size and scale of this organization, and I look at the breadth of it, geographically, and the customers we serve, and what we do, and you add all of that relevance together to add – to take the size of what this company is, and what we are producing as earnings, and the combined ratio because it's an underwriting company in the risk business, I think the company outperforms. I think it is outperforming.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah. I think it's an elevated CAT year, for sure. I think the math speaks. You can't be – Ryan, it's a global question and a global answer. It's not a U.S.-centric question. Though I think people tend to focus on – in the U.S., on just seeing America and American-related when – just look at the globe, there's a much bigger world out there. And on a global basis, CATs are elevated. This year is elevated. And is it a new normal? There's deviation around the mean. You just look at it over the last bunch of years. It's obviously better than last year, but it is an elevated year. And you look at the CAT losses in Asia, you look at some in Europe, you look at what there's been in the U.S. between from wildfires to water and everything in between, and you look at the fourth quarter of that; this is not an average year if you define average as the mean or the median over the last 10 or 15 or 20 years.
Evan G. Greenberg: Look, it's early days, and we don't have a good handle on this yet. Our very early indication would say $150 million to $250 million pre-tax net. But you know what; I don't know if it's going be higher than that or lower than that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah. And I have tried to be clear about it. I haven't given a number relative to the increase and I'm not doing that. But our CapEx – our investment, both CapEx and non-CapEx-related, because some of it comes directly just through expense and activities that you wouldn't classify as CapEx. So CapEx and that expense related to digital has increased over the last number of years. We have been clear. We spend about $1 billion a year on technology. A good portion of that is CapEx related and capitalized. That would go towards technology related to software, to infrastructure, to communications, et cetera, and to improve your abilities or your insights from customer experience to data analytics and everything in between that. And of the $1 billion, roughly 40% of it is towards development that we classify as digital. And that kind of gives you a sense.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, first of all, I don't know how you did your math. Because I gave you a U.S. number, but I didn't give you a basic premium; and gave you an international number where you even have basic premium. And last quarter, we talked about the U.S. alone being at an annualized run rate of $400 million. So I'm going stop right there. I think I've answered the question.
Evan G. Greenberg: And I didn't break it down, because I just don't give guidance that way. I didn't break it down – and fair enough, I didn't break it down how much of that would be U.S. and not. But I did leave it vague as to – I gave a range around it and left it vague because I'm really trying to express the intent, the kind of size of opportunity and our confidence in executing it. That's really the point, rather than to allow you to make a point estimate.
Evan G. Greenberg: There were two moving parts in that. One was, we did take a charge from environmental. On the other hand, we had a greater recognition because it just factually came through of recoverables against third parties that helped to offset.
Evan G. Greenberg: I know John Neil. I think he's a good man. And I wish him – and he's a good – I think he's a good executive, and I wish him all the best in his role. And on the other hand, it's the chief executive of a marketplace and the governance over a marketplace. The syndicates make their individual decisions regarding underwriting. And there's only so much that the Lloyd's Corporation can do about that, though it has important strategic handles that can pull in the future. The Lloyd's marketplace is important to the industry, but it has longer-term structural issues in my mind that it ultimately has to address. It's a business model where the business seeks the market and comes to the market. That was a model that worked very well before a globalized world and before a digitized world. But I think the world has changed, and I think that the model to survive and remain as robust has got to adapt. Its cost structure is way too high, and the way you access the market is – and underwriters are way too inefficient. Those are the bigger strategic questions. And over time, given the way the world has adapted, there is an element of antiselection that starts creeping into what comes to that marketplace if you fail to adapt. That's my reflection on that, and I'll stop right there.
Evan G. Greenberg: Meyer, there's some variability quarter to quarter in that line, based on one-off items and that sort of thing.
Philip V. Bancroft: That's exactly right. So certainly the BEAT kicked in this year and it's affecting our tax rate this year and it's reflected in our 13% to 15%. But as I said, there's going to be new guidance that's issued around Thanksgiving that will clarify the BEAT provision, and – among other things, and once we get to see that we'll have a better estimate for 2019.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yeah, that's right. So we had $54 million charge as I've said in my commentary on environmental. And then as Evan says, we had the benefit of an increase in our estimate of reinsurance recoverables relating to long outstanding legacy liabilities.
Philip V. Bancroft: No, there's nothing unusual. We did have some integration-related savings but there's nothing material – no material change in that.
