Evan Greenberg: We don't think of it that way exactly. I mean, first of all, the market itself is a governor on rate. We're in the competitive market. We pursue the rate we think we need, and that actually, it's the other way around, that actually determines the outcome of growth. We're underwriters first. And the rate we require for both exposure and adequacy of rate to exposure plus inflation as part of that, that's the starting point for us.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you know what? You have 55 countries that we're operating in around the globe. So there is no one neat simple answer. On the long-tail side, most countries don't have the kind of legal environment that we have. There are a few that come to mind that are similar like Australia and the U.K. The balance, it's a much lower inflationary environment on loss costs for long-tail lines of business. And then short tail, it really varies by jurisdiction. And Europe is very different than Australia, which will be very, very different than, say, Malaysia or Korea in terms of parts and supplies and the nature of short-tail losses. So it's a mixed bag. And that's why we're on the ground operating locally in every jurisdiction around the world. We know the markets. We're part of the market. And so we approach from the idiosyncrasies of that local market when we think about adequacy of pricing and underwriting.
Evan Greenberg: Look, it's certainly possible that as losses in certain areas or exposures increase, certainly the industry -- and you see it in different areas. Look at personal auto right now, industry responds. Look at commercial auto, industry responds. Look at cyber, industry responds. So as loss costs show themselves or the spector is on your doorstep, the industry does respond. Look at property, property continues to increase at a -- overall, a double-digit rate. Part of that is a reflection of a revised views of cat exposure, given climate change. And that is pretty universally recognized by good underwriters in model changes that drive inflation and loss cost. So, I'm answering your question by giving you tax that, I think, make it self evident.
Evan Greenberg: It's more of a personal question. If you know me, you know my natural stage is not at rest. And we're an ambitious group. And we have, let's call it, 1% or less of the global insurance market. We're rounding that. We're still in that regard. There's plenty of growth opportunity for this company. And we're not -- really under everything we do, there's plenty of opportunity to improve ourselves. So we're on an endless posh.
Evan Greenberg: Nothing. Nothing has changed. We take a medium-term and longer-term view of opportunity and strategy when we think about growth for the company. Let's take Asia. Asia is where probably more than one-half to two-thirds of the world's growth will likely take place over the next decade, two decades and longer out. Chubb's presence and increasing presence there is a good thing. It will allow us to capitalize on those opportunities, and that means that's where the insurance industry is going to grow. When I think about Latin America, yes, it has a volatility signature to it that is more extreme, but we recognize that and how we approach the business. But the trend line over time is increased growth opportunity for a number of reasons in particular. And so no, it doesn't give me pause for thought on the underlying thesis, but the world goes through periods of greater volatility in rest and sometimes a little less. You recognize that and you build that into your thinking when you approach your strategy and tactics and how you expose your company, but it is a natural consequence of the strategy you take on when you go global that you will expose yourself. I would also say this, I don't think that any country or region of the world, given the interconnectedness of the globe is immune. We're certainly not immune at home. And if you're in the United States as a U.S.-only insurer, you haven't insulated yourself from the global issues by any means. Just look at inflation. And by the way, the war in Ukraine, with cyber that goes across border. So we all live on the same planet, nowhere to hide, but
Evan Greenberg: I didn't -- we did all our inputs. I'm not -- at least I'm not going to go to specific items, but all of the -- our own view of market outlook is baked into that statement. Glide path, I think, is right that rates will continue to moderate, but with an asteric on it. It depends on the line of business, and it depends on the loss cost environment. And I would expect that the industry would respond. And then keep in mind, if there are -- if there were any classes where rates are in excess of that, which is required to earn an adequate risk-adjusted return on capital, then you might see in some of those classes, and you see it. You always see it. You see it now that there is a little rate giveback, which is natural also. So we imagine in a word, a fairly orderly marketplace. But it's a marketplace. And we also now a marketplace always has a certain signature of chaos to it. And that's baked into our thinking.
Evan Greenberg: Nice try, Elyse. You know I don't give forward guidance, but I remain quite confident in Chubb's ability to outperform.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I think you're reasonably right. It varies by region, but you see the trend, follow the footprints and where we have been going quarter-on-quarter. And I think that's a reasonably good way to think about it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So I think, David, you didn't get it quite right. It didn't detract 2 points. In fact, it added about 1 point. What I gave you was 1 point of exposure growth in commercial lines, North America. I told you about 3.2 points of that was economic. And then there was an offset from underwriting, which we can measure, and that it was a change in terms and conditions and deductibles, et cetera. And it's not some event over the last year. It's over a more extended period of time. In the hard market, you can wanted the tools you have and that the clients want because they're getting a lot of price and rate increase. Deductibles and attachment points as an example, they don't move for years during a softer part of the market cycle, yet inflation is relentless, even if it's 2 points or 3 points. It's year on year on year. And so what a $1 million deductible was worth 10 years ago is hardly what it's worth today, and so you go. And clients in a hard market, they understand dollar swapping. They don't want to swap dollars. And so you correct for that. It's not just a rate that occurs. There is this rational correction of structural terms with your clients. And that's the change in deductible and attachment points as just to cite those in particular. So you got mental model. In terms of margin, nice try. I'm not going there. And though we do quantify it quite precisely to ourselves in most classes. And I think I answered it. I want to go back on Elyse's. And Elyse, not to -- being gauging. I expect consumer to continue to recover and to continue to show improved growth. The only thing I can't control is a war and any area that may go into recession. But from what I can see right now, I expect it to continue to recover.
Evan Greenberg: David, think about it. They've just started rising relatively short period ago. Portfolios have to turn over to actually earn it in. And they moved very, very quickly. And by the way, on one side is interest rates. And on the other side is inflation, and the industry needs to stay ahead on inflation. So no, the answer is I have not seen that.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Opportunities begin to emerge in political risk, but we're pretty conservative and cautious underwriters in the class and the way we approach it. We know our minds clearly. Look, more loss may develop in that area. I can't tell you. If I knew, we would have taken -- we would have recognized. And -- but given events, losses and further exposures may develop in the political risk area, given confiscations or ex appropriations or inability to use an asset. We are in touch with all our clients. And so far, to date, we don't see circumstance, individual circumstance that translates possibly. If it does happen, given our aggregate of exposure in total, because we watch and always have our aggregations by country, by industry, by type, whether it is ensuring debt or it's ensuring equity, whether it's ensuring currency and convertibility. We're very careful in how we think about the construction that way. And so -- and if there is loss to emerge in the future, which I just don't know, it will be -- it won't be a big event for Chubb. We don't have huge limits on any 1 client on a net basis. And so in aggregate, that's why I made that statement that it may develop. If it happens, it happens over an extended period of time. And the aggregate amount, it won't be a big event for Chubb.
Evan Greenberg: No, no, nothing, no. It's really in long-tail lines, you're in the first quarter of the year, it's based off of peg-loss ratios that you select. And in short-tail lines, virtually the same. And there's nothing we see underlying, and there was -- there were no onetime or anomalous items that contributed. Very broad, it was the resilience of it and the quality of it, I was -- I'm gratified to see. And it's a testament to all my colleagues is the broad-based nature of it.
Evan Greenberg: Paul, let me help you with that. What I gave you was the commercial lines business, and I gave you short-tail. Included in the commercial business is a very small A&H book. Actually, I think you can virtually see the premiums. So it hardly swings any stick. Beyond that, I'm not going into any more parts and pieces. In fact, I think I was more transparent than most are who are reported. So I've gone as far as only we go in terms of individual minds or any of that. But again, A&H is -- hardly swings any stick in the trend numbers, because the 6 was in North America now, and it was North America commercial.
Evan Greenberg: We're not -- we're seeing in an increase in frequency what we would expect with court openings, and we're seeing more adjudication of claims given court openings. Nothing is impacting trends.
Evan Greenberg: First of all, let me work backwards, and then I'm going to come to the first part because let's be precise with each other. First of all, Merck. Merck was not a cyber insurance policy. Merck was a property insurance policy. And I wish those who are thinking about this or writing about this externally would put their heads around that, that it was property insurance, not cyber insurance, huge difference. And I hope that helps you. Secondly, when you started by saying, am I seeing anything there in cyber, what do you mean, am I seeing anything there? Help me and then I'll help you.
Evan Greenberg: The largest single factor territory of attack into the United States for the last number of years has been Russia. Clearly, when it comes to ransomware attack, more comes out of Russia than any other jurisdiction in the world. In fact, China is not a source of that. China's more a source of espionage. And so it hasn't abated, and it hasn't increased actually from what we see. And when we talk to the experts, those in the cybersecurity industry, there are certain changes of patterns that I won't go into. But overall, it was a hostile environment and it continues to be in that regard. It has a certain frequency and severity signature to it. We haven't seen anything systemic. And I think you probably know that because otherwise, you'd have been reading about it in the New York Times.
Evan Greenberg: No. Pricing doesn't really change. It's very independent of interest rate environment. This is not long -- this is not savings-oriented business. For the most part, it is fundamentally a risk business. It's a morbidity business, to be clear, and the vast majority of it. Think about supplemental health-related, dread-disease related, there is an element of ROP, of which is a return to premium power. It has a savings element to it. But that is -- that's a filed rate and it changes very slowly. So no, it's not an interest -- to put it in a word, Meyer, it's not an interest-sensitive business.
Evan Greenberg: No, it has not. We have 20-some-odd percent market share in crop in the United States. That's a huge tanker. That thing moves pretty slowly if you're thinking about change and exposure, which in that sense, you'd be thinking about change in mix of crop. You'd be thinking about territory change. And the only change in mix of crop comes in the aggregate to the degree that farmers change their behaviors, and it aggregates to something significant like a change from corn to soybeans, et cetera. But we generally see that most every year, a bit of that on the margin.
Evan Greenberg: Always looking for that. But no, there was nothing -- it was just a mix and an anomalous in the quarter. It bounced around a little bit, as you know.
Evan Greenberg: I don't have a firm view about it, a clear view. I would say, on one hand, cost of capital has gone up. And so the bar goes up. Most companies or lot of companies their balance sheet learning powers are in pretty good shape. And most of the M&A in the industry, in my mind, cloaked in the word strategic is actually more done out of weakness where people feel pressured, and they want to continue growth. They have a balance sheet whole problem, et cetera. And I don't see a lot of impetus for M&A in a broad sense. And there's more risk in the environment right now, remember that. And so people will be a little cautious. You'll see -- where you'll see it will be more in small and midsized I doubt you'll see much in anything of a large size, but who the heck knows.
