Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We had an excellent quarter and record year. Full year net income was $3.8 billion or $10.92 per share. Tangible book value per share grew 3% for the quarter and 4% for the year. If we exclude the impact of our acquisitions, tangible book value per share grew 6.7% for the year, whereas, if we just exclude the unrealized losses from the investment portfolio, it grew 11.8%. Our cash and invested assets grew to $61.5 billion, and cash flow was $1.3 billion for the quarter and $4 billion for the year. Our balance sheet risk profile remains extremely strong. Net realized and unrealized losses pretax were $21 million for the quarter, and principally comprise losses in our investment portfolio of $151 million, foreign exchange losses of $16 million, and gains in our VA reinsurance portfolio of $149 million, which included a $92 million realized gain from an out-of-period adjustment for an error in a third-party market valuation model. Investment income for the quarter was $557 million. This was better than anticipated, principally due to higher private equity and other distributions, and slower prepayments in our agency mortgage portfolio, which have a higher yield than current new money rates. Current new money rates are 3%, if reinvested in a similar distribution, and our current book yield is 3.8%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately $540 million, which is subject to variability and portfolio rates, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our net loss reserves were up $508 million, or 2%, for the year, adjusted for foreign exchange. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 96% for the year, or 85% on a normalized basis, which takes into account cat loss activity, prior period development and crop loss activity. During the quarter, we strengthened reserves in the Brandywine run-off operation by $91 million pretax. The reserve increase, principally relating to asbestos, is driven primarily by settlements of a few accounts and incurred development in our assumed reinsurance book. Our portfolio of accounts remains reasonably stable both with respect to frequency and severity. We have seen no real changes in the asbestos strength environment. The brand new line strengthening was more than offset by $213 million of positive prior period development, principally from short-tail lines, primarily from 2009 and subsequent accident years. Cat losses were $31 million after tax in the quarter from worldwide weather events. A&H net premiums written were up 4.7% in constant dollars compared to last year's quarter. Operating income was down 7%. Excluding nonrecurring tax items, A&H operating income is up 3.8%. Our tax rate for the quarter of 9.2% was favorably impacted by the split of PPD and cats between taxable and low tax jurisdictions and a onetime tax benefit in the quarter. We believe a reasonable current accident year run rate for tax is in a range of 13% to 15%. We have repurchased approximately $160 million of our shares since the November announcement of our plan to repurchase up to 1.5 billion. I'll turn the call back to Helen.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, I did say it was principally short-tail losses. But if you put the Brandywine aside, it was principally short-tail lines for 2009 and subsequent. And we'll give you the detail of the lines in the 10-K.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, it is new money. And we're seeing, as I said, our mortgages are persisting, the prepayments in the mortgages are extending the duration, and they have a higher yield than new money rates. And in general, we've had a slight uptick in interest rates. So those 3 things together are making us believe $540 million is the right run rate.
Philip V. Bancroft: All I have is that -- to your point, it's just a true-up of the full year has been a profit permission commission cost for the results of the year.
Philip V. Bancroft: I think an important thing to note is that we are consistent every year in what we do in what quarter.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, we had about $15 million of onetime benefits, $10 million of it was in the Life division and the rest was in P&C.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, we've found a mistake in the way our third party market valuation model that we used to set up our liability, if you will, for the VA mark. And it was just misusing the rate -- interest rate inputs that we put into the model. Of course, the higher fair value liability was necessary and we took the adjustment on the fourth quarter.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, it is a onetime thing. Although we have a program in place to evaluate both third party and internally developed models throughout the company.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, competitive pressure, it really varies by lines of business. You can't generalize about that. Where margins improve and become more adequate, heads-up underwriters compete more for that business. That's just natural. And you see that. On the other side of the coin, when people are suffering under -- competitors are suffering because rates are inadequate and -- or loss costs are rising more than pricing and there is a deterioration, then usually you'll see more of a pullback in that class and more adjustment to pricing. So it varies.
Evan G. Greenberg: The one thing I would say that, it's hardly that the market is not -- the market is a competitive marketplace. That's all there is to it.
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, whatever is to be judged by about '14, that'll be your business. We're not giving guidance. So I'm not trying to work on your worksheet here. But we have not changed our risk appetite, as I said. And so, therefore, our net-to-gross remains pretty steady. It varies depending on mix of business. So if certain lines of business that have a higher net retention to them grow faster, then the overall net-to-gross will be a higher net as a percentage. But within each cohort, each line of business, our risk appetite is steady.
Evan G. Greenberg: So acquisitions impacted the growth, of course. And they are a -- they do impact the net in that case, as well -- the net-to-gross, because there is more personal lines, which is a higher-retention line. So that's one of the dynamics.
Evan G. Greenberg: Michael, I think our reinsurance purchases most likely in '14 will be very similar to what they were in '13. As far as third-party private reinsurance is concerned, we've purchased both quota share and XOL. I'd expect that to repeat. Our sessions with the government can vary on the margin, though that also depends on loss-making or not-loss-making state, crop or year.
Evan G. Greenberg: Michael, I think the thing you have to keep in mind is, first of all, the development comes from where we drew our reserve studies in the quarter. And our reserve studies occur all year long. We don't study all reserves every quarter for -- in actually a deep dive way. And so these are the results of the deep dive, so more short-tail is reviewed in the quarter than long-tail. And that's why it's more short-tail versus long-tail related. And development, when you're thinking, well, you think most of it is more recent than '09, et cetera, it depends where it's coming from. Wholesale business, for instance, where you're writing on a policy, your basis, a year of account basis, that accounting and development of that can take longer than, say, a primary retail book. So if you're a prudent underwriter, there's going to be a different development pattern even for short-tail than -- and it's not all created equal.
Evan G. Greenberg: Who knows? It's a -- I can't speculate about that or where or when and what. But thematically, look, of course, reinsurance becomes competitive and that's -- it's almost like arms dealers. That feeds the primary side of the business as reinsurers are hungry, and that generally leads to a more competitive marketplace on the insurance side. And if that occurs, we are fully prepared for that. I have absolute confidence in our ability to outperform in an environment like that. We're global and the whole world won't behave same way. We got a lot of lines of business that are not subject to cycle. We're in growth areas of the world where, in fact, exposures are growing. We're in areas of commercial P&C that require distribution to reach customer bases and are in areas that are not subject to the same kind of cycle movement. So for a host of reasons -- and then when I look at our commercial business, our insights and portfolio management of how to distinguish in -- among cohorts of risk in both pricing and terms, ACE will outperform. When it happens, bring it on.
Evan G. Greenberg: Jay, I'm not guiding that way. I'm not going to give direction that way. The only thing I can say -- I'll just repeat one thing I did say. It's not about if -- A lot of the discussion I listened to is so obsessed simply about margins. And I get that when it's speaking to companies that aren't growing. So the only source of earnings stability is through margin improvement. I got that. ACE is a growth company, growing in many areas and with a lot of opportunity. Margins are good. I mean, look at the underwriting margins. They are decent. Now, it's not all classes, and so we're underwriting margins. We judge them to be a good risk-adjusted return. We view that as an opportunity. And it is our job to ferret out that opportunity for growth. Where we see underwriting margins are not decent, it's to do what we always do: either achieve terms, including price, that will secure a reasonable risk adjusted return, or shrink that business. And that's how we're planning.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't think -- I think I won't comment on the 50%. But the share buyback is a '14-only. And when we get to the end of '14, we will speak about capital management for '15. And that is going to depend on our capital flexibility at the time, what did we -- and combined with how we see the environment going forward. Right now, we have plenty of firepower and flexibility, and we didn't need to continue to increase that. So there is plenty to do exactly -- to execute strategy exactly the way we have been. Anything surplus that we generate, we can afford in '14 to return that. All things being equal, if something -- if we find a great growth opportunity that uses capital that would be our preferred way to use it. The secondary option is when we can't put it to work, then we will return to shareholders.
Evan G. Greenberg: Greg, we have to each leave in our own hell. So you have to do what you think as you're going to model the company and we have to do we think. I can't answer that question for you of how you should imagine the future beyond that. The only thing I can tell you is buybacks are not our first choice. Our first choice is to grow book value through growing the company and deploying. And if in fact we find the surplus, we use the surplus capital or a portion of the surplus capital, we will likely generate that back, retain that, an amount to come back to where we are. And if we find opportunities, which we're always on the hunt for organically or through acquisition to deploy that capital at a rate of return favorable to shareholders, we will do that as opposed to a buyback. And yes, you can't see it. We can't project the unknowable. But you're right, the world is not static. And it's dynamic, and it's just a matter of timing, generally. Got to be patient if you're not going make a mistake.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, we studied, and we studied an awful lot of -- we over-obsess around here. We studied -- what our payout ratios of companies and they vary between 30% and 70% on average depending on whether you're a growth company or you're a value company, based on whether you're a balance sheet company or you're more of a cash flow company. And so based on the study of that, we figured it is -- what we arrived at, it's 30%, was a good balance between a good payout ratio and dividend to shareholders, while at the same time, we're in a risk business, flexibility so that we feel that, that dividend rate is protected, even in down years, if you have bad loss-making years, because you want your dividend to be steady and not hurting our optionality for growth.
Evan G. Greenberg: We continue to strive to improve the efficiency of the company. So I'm not going to give you a point estimate, but what I'm going to tell you is that thematically, on one hand, we strive to improve and grow expenses at a rate slower than we grow revenue. On the other side, we continue to invest in the company. And finally, we write -- it depends on mix of businesses, we write businesses that will have a higher expense ratio and a lower loss ratio that have very favorable underwriting margins. And we have a mix of those, some have good margins and there are higher loss ratio, lower expense, and as I said the other way around. So it's going to depend on how that comes out. I'm not going to thematically, though, give you a -- the "expense ratio is going to continue to drop in '14" answer.
Evan G. Greenberg: Vinay, we are not guiding revenue growth numbers for next year. It's not happening. The only thing I will say, that I did say, ACE has grown, has outpaced the industry in growth rate, both on a global basis and in the U.S. by itself. I expect that ACE in '14 will continue to outpace the industry's growth rate.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, no, not really. What I'll tell you is this, premium for the year is -- really is dependent an awful lot on what commodity prices are. Our exposures are pretty steady. They've grown a little bit. I don't expect dramatic growth, meaningful growth, in exposure. So what will affect premium growth is primarily -- or premium levels, primarily commodity prices. Right now, commodity prices for when you would price insurance contracts at the moment are lower than they were in '13 when we priced. And so all things being equal, that would bring premiums down. I would not confuse that with underwriting income abilities. That would be number one. Number two, what you look at in the second half of the year, in particular, in the fourth quarter, is premium adjustments that have to do a lot with the loss or gain sharing with the government based on how each individual state and crops loss experience comes out. And that is very state-specific, very crop-specific, it's experience driven. And so there is no way I can speculate on how you should imagine that for the future, except to tell you the way I imagine it is I would think about commodity prices for premium, on one hand. And when I think about underwriting, I think about a long-term historic average because we don't use 1 or 2 years, though the most recent years go into the average as we compute on what we think would be next year's combined ratio. And on that basis, it's roughly, it's in the same range as we imagined when we entered '13. I think that's more than you asked me.
Evan G. Greenberg: We'll take it -- now you're just down to worksheet, that we'll take offline. Phil -- you can call Phil and he'll talk to you about that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. The theme of Latin America right now that I see is about the same as we had in '13, maybe a little better. It's very country dependent, country-specific. And what I mean by that is, I expect Mexico's economic growth to actually improve in '14 versus '13. It will be in that 3.4% to 3.5% range is what's projected, whereas '13 was much more tepid. Colombian's growth rate will continue reasonably well. I don't see a lot of change there. Chile and Peru will do reasonably well. So the Andean and Mexico, I think, reasonably stable. I don't see economic activity impacting our business versus '13, better or worse, except may be in Mexico where I expect it to be better. On the other side of the coin, Brazil is underperforming. Yes, it's got a current account deficit, as do a number of large emerging market countries. It has failed to implement reforms that would stimulate growth in the country. It is more protectionist. We experienced this throughout '13. And I expect that to continue in '14. And I don't see a lot of change at this moment maybe on the margin to our growth rates in Brazil in '14 versus '13.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, the farm bill actually -- remember something about agriculture insurance that I just want you to keep in mind. It doesn't rely on the farm bill for authorization. It's a simple, it's a separate, permanent law. It didn't need to be reauthorized. However, what the farm bill did do is, it eliminated direct subsidies to farmers, roughly, I think it's about $5 billion. And it actually puts more reliance on crop insurance as the centerpiece of government support to the agriculture industry. They actually strengthened crop insurance on offerings in areas in the bill.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, I don't expect to see that, no. And listen, but the reason that, for all of you, the reason that we break out crop when we show you revenue growth from the balance of our business is the balance of our business, you're using revenue growth as a proxy for exposure growth, growth of the company and market share in areas around the world and its presence. And crop is different than all that. We have a steady market share. We have a steady exposure to the business. And it's commodity prices that fundamentally are the biggest driver of increase or decrease to revenue. And by the way, it's a head fake if you're using that to try to determine what the underwriting profit will be on the business. It's not. So in many ways, not in all ways, but in many ways, premium revenue growth in crop is just a -- it's just a head fake, growth or decrease.
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, Tom, the way you couched it, you sound like a Luddite. But look, to answer your question directly, yes, the answer is yes. I don't know about your 2-year timeframe. And in fact, people are buying today, cyber risk insurance is growing. Society continues to evolve. Science, law, regulation, all drives -- and other factors all drive exposure changes to society. And exposure growth in new areas exposes clients to potential loss. And for insurance to remain relevant, you have to be able to offer protection in areas where exposure is growing. And good underwriters are constantly innovating. You can't do it in a mindless way though. We have limitations to begin with our balance sheet, you can only take exposure to the extent of your balance sheet. And then you can only take exposure to the extent you actually understand the risk that is creating the exposure. And you can structure it and you can price it, and then you can transfer it. And, so that's a process. For thoughtful underwriters, that's a process, and it evolves over time just as these exposures do. And sure, we're looking at all those, maybe with the exception of we're not looking to drone delivery at the moment. But stand by, I think it's terrific. We'll be delivering our home owners policies to high net worth customers that way in the future. Your drone will be there.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, first of all, I'm not going to guide the future. But what I'm going to tell you is it grew overall our international Life business, which included Asia, grew at 18.5%. And I characterize that as reasonably good growth. My colleagues know that to get a -- to take off the qualifier reasonable, I obviously expected something a little different. The Asia business, in that 18.5%, grew at a faster rate.
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, Ian, we don't speculate. We don't use reinsurance to speculate. We make rational risk appetite decisions versus the terms we're offered for reinsurance. And that's as far as I'm really going to go on that. But it's rational and I wouldn't be surprised on a risk reward basis. It's my answer.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, it's not a meaningful portion. And about the harsh weather, I think Brian Dowd will give you the most eloquent answer on that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm not worried in Turkey about confiscation or ex-appropriation or nationalization of foreign businesses. That is hardly the history of Turkey. Turkey is a country of laws, of a market-based economy, of relative political stability. They have recently strong institutions. And when it comes to currency exposure, which would be the other, that would be about where you can't exchange the currency, where in fact it is not available to be exchanged. And if we have any exposure to currency inconvertibility, which is what they call the coverage, I mean, it always has long deductible waiting periods on it, 6 months, 3 months, 1 year. And so no, I do not have concerns when it comes to political risk. I'm always vigilant. But I don't have concerns. And remember, we don't write general bond issues or any of that, that's what we are ensuring.
Evan G. Greenberg: It's due to profit and loss sharing with the government is, in essence, how we're still -- if you want to talk for a moment about it. But we can take you offline on a worksheet of -- and give you a little more tutorial of how it works.
Evan G. Greenberg: And it comes through the expense line when the government makes us whole, both for our -- we don't make money on the operating expense. They make us -- they don't even make us whole, but they pay a large portion of the OpEx, and that comes through in a reimbursement to us; because other than that, we collect a peer rate, just for losses. And then you got the true-up of profit and loss.
Evan G. Greenberg: We do them all during the year. They -- we don't give a schedule of any of that. It depends on the division. North America does some of it throughout the year, but more predominately in the second and third quarter, and they do some in the first. And then AOG has different timing depending on line of business, and Global Re has different timing depending on line of business.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, our studies -- we study -- they -- it's been with of our actuaries and timing the data and all of that. And we have the same schedule every year.
Evan G. Greenberg: And Jay, what's clear is any time, we find something like that, then we also reflect on whether our controls in place to assess and look at mistakes that could have been made. And see if that -- we learn from that is that something we should know that would cause us to tighten our procedures, to adjust them, et cetera. So we reflect that way on it.
Evan G. Greenberg: I would tell you that it is in fact both. And that's how I actually think about exposure growth. GDP growth increases exposure, because let's talk about what creates GDP growth. If it's business activity, that is more businesses growing, and it's more businesses as a cohort, and it is more business growth of the existing businesses; that increases exposure and that increases availability of insurance exposure, number one. Number two, economic activity increases wealth, generally, among a broad segment of the population, more poor emerge to the middle-class, more middle-class move up the ladder, contrary to some of the speaking that I listen to among politicians. And that creates exposure growth. So automobiles in Mexico, they manufacture more autos and they sell more autos. Well, that's economic growth. And guess what, who's buying those autos? That's because the emerging middle-class is growing, and they're buying a car. And so that increases more opportunity for insurance. More growth of business, more trade and goods and services, more marine, more casualty, more companies raising capital, more public markets. Therefore, more D&O, more people visiting doctors, more lawyers active because of more rule of law, because the more economy that grows, the more people want certainty of property rights, and E&O grows. And so there you go. And by the way, they've all got to house themselves either for commercial activity or for residential means, and so construction. And then if you are a heads-up government, you're creating more infrastructure, less regulation to support all that. And you get real economic growth. Somebody tell that to Washington.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't know how you mathematically do that. It really varies by country. But what is true is as economic -- as economies grow and they emerge and move up the scale, insurance penetration increases. So you get both.
