Evan Greenberg: Elyse, it's right now, ideal speculation. And who knows there is no certainly. I think of few observations. Moving to the P&C, commercial P&C combined ratios. You've got to make profit to have something to compete away. So you can't and if you take out cat premiums, as well as cat losses to look at ex-cat accident year, so truly take out cat. The combined ratios of the industry on commercial P&C are very anemic. I'm hovering around 100 or over 100. And so how you're going to compete away with the tax benefit without profit, without underwriting profit, number one. Number two, the industry is hardly running some brilliant ROE. It's mid-single digit to low-single digit. And on a risk adjusted basis, that’s an anemic return. Number three, the industry has had as operated at a very low interest rate environment, that is really pressured investment income. The tax benefit starts in my judgment to give some amelioration to that. And I think anyone who is rationale in thinking about this as a leader and projecting ahead is considering all these factors.
Evan Greenberg: It truly varies by line of business. There is a cohort that we can identify that is by line of business and it’s generally by territory or country that we know that we have our eye on.
Evan Greenberg: Loss costs have been and vary by line of business. It has been pretty steady from what I’ve said in prior quarters. You’re looking at primary casualty depending on the line of business that’s running in that 3% that 5% range, excess is typically running in that 7% to 9% range. We’ve seen a net in professional lines, particularly in DNO, the employment practices. There has been an uptake in both frequency and severity trends over the last two years, three years and that is very troublesome because it’s related generally in the United States, it’s a merger related objections, and on to securities class actions. And by the way, I’ve noticed recently some public information release about DNO loss ratios, and they are pure loss ratios, they don’t even have loss costs in it. And the interesting part about loss costs and loss adjustment costs, when you add it all up, half the costs insurance companies are paying up goes to the legal profession, to either defend or it’s the trial bar settlements, hardly a benefit to corporate America or to shareholders who are supposedly agreed. Pardon me for going beyond loss costs.
Evan Greenberg: We actually -- when we look at it, revenue growth ex the merger related actions, which was planned and understood all along, we’re actually very clear about it upfront. So I take a little exception to how you’re characterizing it. You take that out and you look underneath it. When we imagine, when we look at the market conditions, the two companies together are doing better in growth than these two companies would have done standalone, and not as really clear to us. Secondly, we said and we put a time horizon on the growth of between that three and five year window because of the seeds we are planting and have been planting. And I just said that 3% of our business is small and middle market, and the growth in the small and middle market globally is accelerating. And in fact we had no small commercial globally between the two companies, until we've locked them together and took capabilities that both had and invested behind them and now have growing businesses, as an example. So I'll stop right there.
Evan Greenberg: So the balance sheet FX impact in the quarter was a result of the U.S. dollar strengthening against most major currencies from 9/30 to 12/31; notably, the Canadian dollar, the Brazilian real, the Australian dollar. So for the quarter, we had a book value loss of $390 million. For the year, though, the dollar has weakened and we’ve had a cumulative gain of $512 million. It depends where it took place, Kai. So when you're looking at the dollar, weakening is a headline and how it impacts premium revenue growth on book value, it depends where you have your assets in the fourth quarter.
Evan Greenberg: First, remember I just gave you a number of $150 million remaining, so it's not zero but it's very modest now. Secondly, we don't drive revenue growth. I gave you as much color around revenue growth as I'm going to provide.
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to speculate on that how much we can achieve. We're doing it in a responsible way. We're only going for rate that is required to earn a reasonable risk adjusted return, and it varies by line of business, by kind of customer cohort, and by country. So it's not a simplistic answer that way. What I would say is unlike others, you look at our total portfolio and you look at the combined ratio we’re putting -- we put. And it’s world class. It’s the best in the industry. But that does vary by line and commercial P&C, particularly larger business and E&S business, it runs in the 90s. We have other businesses that all together mix our portfolio down into the 80s. So it varies by area and we’ve had underwriting discipline. We are willing to trade and we’ll continue to trade market share and growth to maintain a reasonable underwriting return. And as the market response to anemic returns and prices go up and as the market responds to an understanding that loss cost trends are something that just continue to grind away and put pressure on margins. The responsible thing to do is for both client and for companies, so you avoid volatility in the future end pricing is to raise respond by raising rates. And as that happens that increases opportunity for us and increases growth, and that’s about as much as I’m going to say so.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you’re going to have to go figure that out. I can’t help you with that. I can only relate to the data we see. So I know our information. And if you’re getting contrary information and by the way, the brokers we talk to, what we see, what they see is consistent. So I think you may be confused in some ways and not comparing apples-to-apples with type of business, insurance versus reinsurance, London versus United States or whatever. But I can’t help you with your -- you live in your hell, I live in mine.
Evan Greenberg: We’re not really going into any detail about our capital management that is proprietary. And Phil you want to…
Evan Greenberg: I don't have a great handle on it. The numbers bouncing around have been -- that $9 billion and $12 billion. And I think that's probably a pretty good number, but I don't know with certainty the size of both of these fires. When I said they were the largest in history, not the insured loss which obviously will be, but that's really referring to is the geography on the third was greater than we've seen than has been seen in recorded history. So you get back past recorded history and they were both fair ones but this is as big as you've seen, so the massive we do know that. So we think probably that $9 billion to $12 billion wouldn't surprise me if it comes out there on the Northern fires. Southern fires are much smaller. They did burn in concentrations, greater affluence, though they were smaller fires. And there will be a few billion dollars anyway for the industry.
Evan Greenberg: The whole notion of non-modeled cat and being able to model better is, we're an underwriting company and that is just such a part of our craft. And I am more enthusiastic about that that fascinates us. So the notion of how much concentration do you really have to an event as you can define an event and what is your appetite for that, are you getting paid adequately and how you protect yourself, are all the questions we dwell on in great detail as we expand our personal lines and smaller commercial portfolios. Flood and the ability to manage flood that way is further advanced the wildfire, and can all come back on wildfire. And flood, the tools we can now use, the mapping, the analytics of portfolio and how to respond to various flood scenarios, is getting better and better. And it gives us much better confidence depending on the geography and the area that we're looking at flood concentrations. In wildfire, the tools have been good, but they were improving. And there were some new tools that are out that give you a better way to imagine wildfire and the impact on the concentrations of the portfolio. So we’re all over that. The regulatory environment in California, in particular is -- you have to take it into consideration. It’s difficult when it comes to being able to get a proper price for the risk you’re taking and that’s not to California’s benefit given the values of concentration there, they need to attract insurers. But we take that into consideration when we think about our appetite in California.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I think it’s -- look, I only know and read what you did. I think it’s a very rational and I think it’s a very encouraging move they’re making. First of all between them, they have a cohort of employees of 1 million. So that is a big enough group to truly major difference, and will allow you to craft a more efficient healthcare delivery. And they want to tackle the structural questions of costs related to delivery. And I think that’s -- I applaud what they’re doing. And we don’t have -- we have 15,000 employees roughly in the U.S., we don’t have anywhere near what they have. And I think they’re going to start blazing that trail as great and there’ll be others who will follow and I’m sure in time. But I hope it starts the right kind of movement. We need reform in healthcare. And the cost, I think Mr. [Buffet] said it pretty well, it’s a tapeworm that’s easing way at the economy in the United States.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I’m not going to tell you about the coming year, because I don’t guide on that. But I’m going to let Paul Krump talk about and reflect on current cross-sell and then John Lupica will add to that.
Evan Greenberg: I would say, I'm going to give you an answer. It's something in between. I think we clearly -- the way the NFIP has crafted today, it discourages more private sector participation and the private sector can do much more than it is doing in terms of taking on flood risk. The governments’ role I would suggest would be in two areas, and one of those areas may disappear overtime but in the short in the medium term. Number one, for those who can't afford flood insurance protection, they can't afford to pay for it, but they live in a flood exposed area subsidizing -- that's a social decision, and to subsidize those people because you can't charge an actuarially sound rate. That I see as a role for government. The industry should be charging actuarially sound pricing. Number two there is a tail on flood that goes for a while beyond the industries where with all appetite. And I see the government like TRIA or like in crop insurance playing a role. But I do think that overtime given the global balance sheet and both traditional capital and alternative capital that tail risk overtime could also be displayed -- the private sector could displace the federal loan.
Evan Greenberg: We will build capital flexibility that is a priority for this organization. I think we can generate greater returns to shareholders overtime by building -- by retaining capital, building capital flexibility and deploying it and various strategies and in areas for growth. This is a growth company. We measure growth primarily by growth and book value. To the extent that we generate capital that is in excess of the capital flexibility, we need to execute those strategies. We will do what we have a long history of doing. We will return it to shareholders through dividends and other capital management strategies, such as buyback. That’s about it. So I hope that gives you a sentiment. And I’m not going to put any more specifics.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, we’ve built it. And understand that we just paid out a couple of billion dollars in cat losses here. We incurred a couple of billion -- actually a few billion, not a couple.
Evan Greenberg: I know you’re going to scratch on a subject that -- you’re going to scratch on the door we aren’t going to open it, but go ahead.
Evan Greenberg: Ian in the balance, the U.S. rate reduction if you look at puts and calls as you’re imagining, we’re not going to give you the details at all of puts and calls. But if you look at the puts and calls, the reduction in the U.S. tax rate more than offset the negatives of reduction in affiliate. And by the way intercompany debt or any of the announcements you want to add in there.
Evan Greenberg: I can just tell you that I trust our finance department, that all of them have done -- that the math is right, external and internal…
Evan Greenberg: The health of the Mexican economy and that is able to continue to grow ex the energy sector as it is and in fact accelerate. NAFTA has been a great contributor to that. And Mexico is so integrated of independent on the U.S. economy. So on one hand as the U.S. economy improves so does the Mexican economy, because we are so intertwined that way. On the other hand, the NAFTA -- and NAFTA has created an environment of certainty and predictability and encourage greater investment cross-border. The NAFTA negotiations going on today and the way they're occurring and how long they are taking, creates an environment of uncertainty on the other hand and that -- potentially, it hasn't shown up yet creates the risk of instability. You said it on the political, there is the possibility of the elections results moving in a populous direction that could be more anti-foreign. And that would be bad for Mexico it would be bad for the United States. It could damage the growth of the Mexican economy. Our business is very focused on the domestic and the growth of the domestic economy. We ensure consumers and small and mid-size businesses and we ensure large Mexican corporations and multinationals doing business there. But the predominance of our business is consumer and small business oriented, which is very domestically focused. And so the health of that business and the continued growth of that and we are growing double digit in Mexico, and we are -- and it is a very -- with very stable returns. And we are investing in Mexico and we are bullish about the future of that country. And if there is in any rational world NAFTA will be concluded and we will deepen the integration in North America and I hope that rational world prevails.
Evan Greenberg: What do you mean by role for the regulators play? It is a regulated industry. And the regulator always has a role to play in ensuring that regulation, both the weather and spirit of what it intends, is properly adhered to. And I think that’s what their investigation is about. But I don’t know a lot. I got to be honest with you, I don’t know a lot, because we’re just -- it’s not focused on us and we’re just not really involved in any material way.
Evan Greenberg: I am more in favor, I’m always in favor of the private sector for leasing its own behavior, and to behave in what is the interest of a healthy marketplace, and that not over the line on regulators to perform that role. But where market participants and the private sector fails to address issues that may exists and I’m not just going to sit here and speculate further about that, but issues that they exists in practices then it requires regulator to get involved. Now, do those exists or not, I can’t really -- Jay, I’m not in a position to really say.
Evan Greenberg: I don’t know. I’m not going to speculate about that. The only thing I know is crop insurance is just so core to the U.S. farmers when they look at a farmville what’s the most important thing to them, and it is the stability of crop insurance. Because what that does to give them predictability and support as they do their business and face the vagaries of weather. But I’m not going to speculate on that.
Evan Greenberg: It has zero impact on our [white tie] ownership for our 100% owned Chubb operations in China. And as far as revenue goes, it depends on how we each execute and how well we execute, and it requires both of us in that execution and to do it well. But I think the revenue opportunity is reasonably significant, I don't want to put a dollar amount on it, but it's significant when you start thinking about Chinese Multinational exposure and how that's growing and how it will continue to grow in the years to come. And the need to ensure them and think about PICC as an SOE, State Owned Enterprise, and you think about how many of their clients and how many of the Chinese multinationals to be doing our SOEs. And that is an ecosystem on to itself. And this between us gives us access and an ability to serve that ecosystem.
Evan Greenberg: We're not in the planting season either we're in the growing season for winter wheat. So we'll start with that. Number two -- and so those are important distinctions. Number two, the draught conditions very spotty, we don't -- there is nothing we see at this moment that gives us concern with winter wheat. So I'll start with that. Number two, we have not changed any of our reserving practices around crop, and we use a historic loss ratio as we have said in the past, we say historic loss ratio. When we start a season, have no idea how it's going to play out and you never know till the fall, so you can't really move unless you have really some kind of early very clear data of significance. You can't really move off of the average until you have real clear knowledge of the present. And that doesn't occur until the fourth quarter.
Ian Gutterman: Maybe if I can ask a slightly different way. Is certainly before the acquisition, there were a lot of questions about you having people wondering about and you guys having a more than normal amount of excess capital. And clearly after the deal, you had been below your probably target for capital for a little while as you rebuild. Are we back to neutral now or do you think you’re still building back to the cushion you would like to have or maybe we’re over that cushion? Just some sense of where the starting point is.
Ian Gutterman: On tax, I guess, I wanted to try that the previous question from someone else a little bit somebody as well.
Ian Gutterman: I guess what surprised me about ‘13 to ’15 is I just go around the world in my head about what countries you’re big in. And I think most of those that having at least of 20% tax rate other than Bermuda obviously and Switzerland, which you don’t -- I don’t think write that much direct businesses anymore, as a proportion any way. So I guess I’m struggling to figure out if it’s harder to do intercompany quota shares where -- why the tax rate went down from tax reform. I understand the U.S. rate went down, but I would have thought some of the inter-company stuff had to go up.
