Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet reached two new milestones this quarter – capital now exceeds 30 billion and shareholders’ equity exceeds 25 billion. Tangible book value per share grew 5% and cash and invested assets grew by 1.2 billion. Net realized and unrealized gains were 570 million pre-tax, including a 390 million gain from the investment portfolio and a 230 million gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio, offset by a few minor items. The gain from the investment portfolio resulted primarily from declining yields on corporate bonds while the VA gain resulted primarily from increases in worldwide equity values and an increase in interest rates on long-term treasuries. The gross realized gain from the mark-to-market accounting treatment for VA was 460 million, offset by the change in the value of the equity hedges of 230 million. Our investment portfolio is in very good shape. We have no exposure to sovereign debt of distressed European and our exposure to euro zone financial institutions totals 1.2 billion, or less than 2% of the portfolio, and is concentrated in northern Europe. The overall credit quality of our euro zone financial institution securities is double-A with over 700 million rated triple-A.  Investment income was 544 million for the quarter. This was approximately 4% lower than the previous quarter, resulting from private equity distributions which vary from quarter to quarter. Our current book yield is 4%. Current new money rates are 3% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. We estimate the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately 535 to 540 million on average, again with some marginal variability up or down. Operating cash flow of 570 million was lower than our normal quarterly run rate primarily due to higher cat loss payments and the repayment of cash collateral we received on a large one-off transaction we discussed in the second quarter of last year. These items reduced our cash flow by 200 million. Our net loss reserves were up about 100 million for the quarter and our paid-to-incurred ratio was 108%. Adjusting for cat activity and prior period development, our paid-to-incurred ratio would have been 96%. During the quarter, we had positive prior period development of about 80 million after-tax split about evenly between short and long-tail lines. The casualty release was concentrated primarily in the years 2004 to 2006. We also had 25 million of operating income related to the adjustment for crop results for 2011. The expense ratio was 32.3%, up from 31.5% last year, yet all principle segments had a lower expense ratio. The rise was due primarily to a higher share of premium from the overseas general segment which has a higher expense ratio. Our effective tax rate fluctuates based on where our earnings emerge. In Q1, the operating income effective tax rate is low relative to other quarters primarily because we had a greater percentage of our income emerge in lower tax jurisdictions than we would expect. For example, our favorable prior period development was in lower tax jurisdictions. We retroactively adopted the new guidance issued by the FASB related to DAC. As expected, our book value was reduced by about 180 million and there was no significant impact to our income. In the quarter, we accrued 200 million for the payment of common stock dividends. This amount is larger than normal because it includes two quarters of the dividend increase that was approved by shareholders in January. As a result, the accrual includes 40 million for the increase to the fourth quarter dividend and 160 million for the full first quarter dividend. Our press release issued last night included our updated guidance for 2012 simply to account for the positive first quarter prior period reserve development and lower than expected cat losses realized in the quarter. Our range is $7.03 to $7.43 in after-tax operating income per share for the year. This includes cat losses of 325 million after-tax for the second through fourth quarters. Guidance for the balance of the year is for the current accident year only. I’ll turn the call back over to Helen.
Philip Bancroft: So let’s take the shift first. The shift was really the result of an increase in the value of our securities that are A and below rated. We just had an increase in the mark that increase our portfolio. We also had reinvestment of investment income into that portfolio, so those were the major drivers of the increase in that. The increase in the duration was just a tactical move to move more into municipals that had a higher duration, and that had a slight impact on our overall duration.
Philip Bancroft: The new money rate we said is about 3% if we invested as in the distribution of our existing portfolio.
Philip Bancroft: No, we don’t expect that. We manage our durations slightly lower than the duration of our overall liability anyway, so we don’t see any significant shift caused by a shift in the business.
Philip Bancroft: Two things happened in the quarter. If you look at the benefit ratio, it’s up and I would say artificially, because we have those separate account—the separate account growth is split between other income and benefits. So you’ll see in the table that’s in the supplement, the benefits are up but we also have a reduction in the expense for the benefit that we take on the other side of the separate account. So that washes out. We did have a slight increase in the benefit ratio net of that because we had a little bit of an increase in the VA benefit ratio. The other thing you’ll see is that the impact of the DAC in this quarter increased the expense ratio. So—
Evan Greenburg: Well, I’m not sure exactly what you mean by all of that, but I’ll add the color I can add to it. First, new business pricing was better than renewal pricing on a line-for-line basis, where we match like-for-like. We achieved better pricing on new than renewal, and you ought to because it’s the new customer to you versus the customer that you know, number one. Number two, ACE has been engaged in, I think probably ahead of others, more rigorous portfolio management and risk selection, and you know for the last two years we’ve been telling you retention rate is down because of portfolio management where we have been shedding business that we understood within a cohort, there is that risk which is better and that risk which is more substandard. And in more finely tuning portfolio management, we could differentiate between that and we were shedding that business that just could not achieve an underwriting profit. Therefore when we’re looking at price increases and better informed by selection, our retention rate is therefore—we’ve already run that gauntlet and our retention rate is therefore improving as a result of that. That’s also helping inform us on the new business that we select. Now, it varies quite a bit by class, as pricing has varied by class, and I gave you that information that you have a better understanding of where we’re seeing greater rate increases versus where it is more modest and tougher.
Evan Greenburg: No, I don’t view it as a post-Spitzer pay-to-play 2.0. Brokers have begun, particularly the big two, have begun to monetize some of their services as they see them in terms of data that can better inform underwriters on their portfolio and their customers so that they can be more efficient in their targeting of that, and a number of companies do participate in that. ACE does participate in that, and I’m not going to discuss bilateral transactions between us and any customer, or any broker. That’s proprietary.
Evan Greenburg: Well, January the pricing—as I gave you month by month, January the pricing fell back overall, and then it improved as the quarter went along, number one. Number two, you’ve got to be careful in looking at any one month and the credibility of that. The cohort gets smaller, and there’s always a change of mix of business between one month and the next month – so was there more property or more casualty, as an example, in a current month. But it is right that you seem some bit of erratic behavior to it, and so can you really discern a pattern? As I’ve looked at it, it looks pretty good that what we have seen of the pricing firming as the quarter went along seemed to be a pattern. Is it anomalous? Will it fall back a bit and be up and down a bit? I’m not sure. I don’t think there’s a way of telling with certainty. What I do believe, which is what I said earlier in my commentary, is that it is more of an income statement driven and not balance sheet driven, so I see it as a pricing correction more than I see—I don’t use the term hard market, and I don’t in my own judgment believe we’re going towards a hard market. A hard market means there’s not capacity, and there is a lot of supply around and capacity around. So I see a market correction that is rational line by line; and where loss ratios and combined ratios are a more acute issue, you’re seeing greater pricing, and where it’s less acute or it’s still a problem but there’s lots of capacity, then you’re seeing less of a pricing correction.  Whether this continues to march along and you’re going to get rate on rate as the year progresses remains to be seen.
Evan Greenburg: And Vinay, the other thing – when somebody says 4% or 5%, first of all, what line of business are we talking about, and are we talking about primary or are we taking about excess? So you’ve got to get very granular, very specific. And if they add their whole book up and add it up and average it to 4%, everybody’s book is going to be different.
Evan Greenburg: We’re seeing demand on our European book as quite flat, or in certain areas economic activity is declining, so that means exposures necessarily decline. Our European book grew modestly in the first quarter a couple of points, and that was really exposure growth from writing in business, expanding our business, and also getting a little bit of price on property cat-related. Other than that, Europe is flat to down.
Evan Greenburg: Oh, no – everybody’s a farmer now, and every urbanite seems to have a real agriculture thought these days. First of all, it doesn’t matter what commodity prices do through the rest of the year as far is revenue is concerned. Revenue is already in the can; it’s about loss cost now, because the U.S. Department of Agriculture declares a revenue price—it picks a crop price for soybeans and corn that is used to price the insurance product, and that is declared in February sometime, or March. That’s what you’re locked into. Now, where fluctuations in prices matters is at the time in November-December when you get to losses and how you adjust losses, and the differential between the February-March price and the price at year-end comes into play. But as far as revenue is concerned, that was locked.
Evan Greenburg: Well Tom, I understood your question, and exposure growth comes two ways – it comes from economic activity growing, and by the way let’s just take that we gave you an 80%-some odd, I think it was 83%, renewal retention rate in terms of policy count and 94% renewal retention rate in terms of premium. Two and a half points of that was due to economic activity exposure growth, so you do need exposure growth to help along with that – that’s right, and then after that it’s how much new business exposure growth, so actual units of growth, you take on. We wrote 20% more new business and not enough that it equals the rate increases we’re getting yet – the rate increases? Not enough that it equals the amount of business exactly that we’re losing and then rate increases kind of made up the difference, if you take out workers’ comp, risk transfer workers’ comp, normalizing for that. And so if our new business growth continues to pick up, then that plus rate will overwhelm what you’re shedding or losing on the renewal side. I think I got and answered your question.
Evan Greenburg: You’re welcome. And you realize that I said that I expect premium growth to pick up as the year progresses.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, but I answered that in my commentary already to you. I said mid to upper single digit in the P&C businesses, and I said the same in A&H.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, not on the acquisition side but on new business. You know, we have an operation in Japan and we’re on the hunt there, but so far the Japanese have circled the wagons on the business that they have, but we’re seeing some opportunity begin to emerge there, and more may, particularly with the overseas interest exposure of major Japanese corporations, where Japanese insurance companies were in essence kind of taking one for the team and were naïve in their underwriting. There, we may be seeing—we’re seeing some opportunity and that may accelerate. Time will tell. As far as more broadly, we’re seeing around the margin, around the edges in certain specialty lines and targeted areas, but nothing of great significance yet. Not a hard market. As far as whether we’re seeing that on companies themselves who might have pressure, well, nothing I’d care to comment about.
Evan Greenburg: Well, we can’t comment on your model, and I’m going to turn it over to Phil in a second. Your model is your model. We give you a range, though, of our current accident year expectation, a range around that in the beginning of the year – we did as to what we thought our EPS would be on an operating income, on a current accident year basis. W told you what the cat loss expectation is within that. We have now updated that simply to add in the prior period development we had and to simply to add back into income the difference between what we originally expected for first quarter cat losses and what actually occurred. And other than that, we left the year exactly the same on a current accident year basis. Now, how it’s made up of investment income or underwriting income, we did not give you those pieces.
Evan Greenburg: I think as I said in the very beginning, Greg, that pricing in the first quarter was basically in line with what we expected in our planning, and our revenue was in line with our planning. We were right on plan in the first quarter. 
Evan Greenburg: In terms of current accident year, in terms of underwriting, and in terms of revenue, we were right where we were, and by the way I believe in the previous quarter Phil had given you at that moment what we understood at that moment about investment income, and the first quarter was right in line with that as well.
Evan Greenburg: You’re welcome. And remember, new business has to earn, and the premium you write this year has to earn its way in.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, sure, and then we have—well, I didn’t mean yeah, sure that we’re set up nicely with the next year, but remember you’ve got to be careful with us when you think about current accident year on mix of business. Remember, we shed high combine ratio business that doesn’t meet our standards, so you look at a workers’ comp, risk transfer comp, it’s down to almost nothing, and last year it was more. We’ve been shedding business like that. You know, heck with market share in that. That, it’s not just a matter of rate increase. And then that A&H business keeps growing and international and other areas keep growing, so the mix of business has an impact that you can’t exactly see completely. You’d have to work here to see it. But that’s another ingredient you’ve got to keep in mind.
Evan Greenburg: Well first of all, I don’t—yes, north of 110. I’d say north of 115 or 120, an interest rate environment that is—you know, what does the yield curve show you, the 10-year yield curve. You know, there’s no percentage in it, not for us, and ACE was never a major writer of that business. It was X-hundreds of millions of dollars at its high point, and it didn’t accelerate in the fourth quarter – I don’t agree with that. We’ve been shedding it almost ratably, almost on a pro rata basis starting around two and a half years ago, I suppose, and we’re almost completely done with it.  It’s just nickels and dimes, and to put a number on it, we shed about 25—you know, because I gave you the difference in growth rates without it, so if you did the math you’d see that we shed about $25 million in the first quarter. Not that big.
Evan Greenburg: I said you could see that it’s not a—you know, in percentage terms on North America, it had a couple of points, but $25 million is just not a lot of premium for ACE.
Evan Greenburg: We have been in that business for a long time. We have a pretty seasoned book of that business and we write it two ways. Mostly we write it where we write the underlying risk management contract, so it’s different how that business behaves when you are handling all the primary underlying for a self-insured, and that’s what we’re doing primarily. And then we write a modest book of standalone work comp excess, which is for larger accounts, which we’ve also been doing for a long time.
Evan Greenburg: Well, the industry acceleration, I’m not going to be the expert. I’ve talked to guys who write bit bucket loads of that, but you certainly have been seeing the data recently emerge on California, which is a very large percentage, as you know, of the overall industry’s risk transfer comp business, and you see how California is behaving ’10 to ’11 and there you’re seeing both frequency and severity issues emerge.  On the balance of our book of business, for our book of business ex-the risk transfer comp where we write risk management business, and that’s where we’d write excess, we’ve seen a good deal of stability between ’11 and ’10. It’s been pretty flat.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah, I see where you are. I focus more on that 83% when I think about that question than I do the 94%, because that has revenue tied to it. Obviously is the difference between the two, right – it’s exposure, it’s rate increase, and then it’s a question of did you keep the bigger risks and shed smaller risks, okay? You get what I’m--? That’s the difference between the two, those elements. So I focus on that 83, and that 83, you know, that could go to 85, 87. I’ve seen it in that range before. In a hard market, I’ve seen it up at around 89. So it depends on where we see the market environment, but there can be some—there’s still some more elasticity in that potentially. And then yes, of course, we’re always studying each line of business and each office, and down to underwriters, as to where do you—where the anomalies end up, and are we somehow trading market discipline and our underwriting discipline in any area. So we’re constantly surveying it on a granular basis.
Evan Greenburg: I have, I have. I was reporting those kinds of numbers to you last year and the year before where we were talking 80%, 81, and I was talking 78 or 79 two years ago when we were—especially as we were beginning to be engaged in more refined portfolio management.
Evan Greenburg: Well, I do think it is more income statement than balance sheet-driven. We’re constantly assessing opportunities on deploying capital. Be careful with your 3.5 billion number. I don’t know really where you get that number. Be careful – cash flow is first of all not earnings, and secondly we have capital needs that also grow, and that’s based on exposures and mix of business and jurisdictions and rating agencies and regulators who are all constantly changing, so you’ve got a needs side on one hand and you’ve got an earnings generation side on the other hand. Then you’ve got increases dividends that we pay to our shareholders, so you’ve got to consider the whole picture when you start thinking of how we might be accumulating more capital flexibility.  Secondly, opportunity comes a little lumpy and the money is not burning a hole in our pocket, as I tell you continuously. We have a long-term strategy, and we’re clear and focused and very disciplined about it. But if ultimately we don’t believe that we can deploy that capital at a rate that meets our hurdle rate of return to shareholders, then we will find other ways to return that money to shareholders, and we know that.
Evan Greenburg: And remember, I look at a 12%--I look at an excess of 12% ROE and I say, yeah, that’s pretty good in this environment, and I think our ROE has continued to be quite good. We’ve used money to grow the company and it’s still gone toe-to-toe in ROE fundamentally with those who have been increasing their ROE by buying back stock. So we’ve kept faith with shareholders, and yes, ROE does scrub—the surplus capital does scrub a few points off of ROE, and we know that and we think that’s a price that is worth paying for long-term shareholder value creation.
Evan Greenburg: The adequacy of the rate, so that’s how you measure cohort to cohort. It is better adequacy on the new than it is on the renewal.
Evan Greenburg: No, no, it depends. It’s so dynamic, it depends on where you are in the market cycle. I could tell you that generally in a soft market, why were we writing less and less and less new business? Our new business rates have declined. I mean, they were up 20%. One of the questions to ask me is, where was your new business three years ago? How does it relate today to what you did three years ago? It’s probably half of what we wrote three years ago, or less; and so now it starts increasing. Why did it happen then? Because new business was coming at relativities – and we were telling you at the time, new is 90% or 95% of the renewal business.  You’re getting old again – you’ve got to remember back to that. You were asking that question. You get what I mean? I’m going to ask John to add a little color to that.
Evan Greenburg: For the United States, I would say that’s true. But then I’ve got to tell you, after that general statement, I then go line by line because you’ve got to distinguish long-tail versus short-tail. If I took away and just looked at the long-tail by itself, I’m more circumspect about giving that as an answer. I would say rate of deterioration has slowed, but I wouldn’t say that it’s leaped ahead. 
Evan Greenburg: You know, I don’t know if I would consider it better or worse or any of that. I don’t really think in those terms – maybe I’m warped. For me, I just think about it, just tell us the ballgame we’re playing. Whatever game we’re playing, we’re fine. We’re going to do just fine and we’re happy. We will outperform, and in my mind if it’s going to be a market like this that has this kind of stability to it, this characteristic of stability, it obviously on one hand prolongs any notion of a hard market. On the other hand, it does create, as you say, more opportunity given our parts and pieces, and in this business there’s always a deviation around the mean. Everybody doesn’t perform the same and there’s great opportunity to distinguish yourself one side or the other of the mean. This does give us opportunity and I believe that we’ll always perform better, and it’s better than the market it was a year ago. So we’ll take advantage. Obviously if you had a real hard market, I’m confident ACE would double or triple its size. In this case, we’re going to grind out singles and doubles, and you know what? No problem. Let’s play ball.
Evan Greenburg: Sure. No, I don’t see that. The areas where we’ve been getting growth in A&H internationally where they’ve been double digits continue to be double digits, and I see that for the balance of the year. If anything, I’ve seen it improve overall. Europe is soft, flattish, but that’s been that way. The U.S. brokerage business is a relatively small book, but—I say relatively small, it’s still hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, the brokerage business, and it’s a good business and that has grown fairly nicely. We had a couple of one-off items this quarter, particularly in Europe and Japan, that just depressed the growth rate, and that’s why I see it returning to mid to upper single digits as the year goes along. Combined itself – combined is starting to show some signs to me and to the management where leaving aside the U.K., Ireland, where just the regulatory environment—that aside, but where I look at the major portfolios, which is the U.S., Canada, Australia, that business – we’re seeing that stabilize and we’re seeing the early signs right now of what we think is pick-up in growth. And we think that will start to show in those numbers by year-end or the first quarter of next year.
Evan Greenburg: Casualty reserves from 2010, 2011? It’s way too early. It’s way too early. You know, look – good news comes early, bad news comes late, and it’s so immature but we don’t see anything negative emerging on those years to us, from what we expect.
Evan Greenburg: Well I think, Josh, what you have to do, you can do it pretty easily yourself. Take workers’ comp, look at NCCI and other data, which you get pretty easily, and see what they tell you about combined ratios right now. But let’s call them in the 120 range, and then imagine the yield curve, which is going to take you from 2 to 3 to 3.5% over a 10-year period approximately – don’t hold me to that. You’ll see the yield curve. And then, apply rate on that and imagine that paid claims—if you’re going to finish this, imagine paid claims, that you pay out half roughly in the first five years and then you pay out the balance over the duration after that, which is between year 5 and, call it, year 15 – most all of it’s gone. You still have some left at the tail. So if you run all that out and apply what you think is a loss cost, which we’ll tell you in our judgment on that business is 5 or 6%, medical doesn’t—you know, medical just moves along. I think you’d see that you’d probably got to run it in the 90s to get any kind of return on capital that starts to make you interested, and I’m not sure that an 8 or 10% rate increase on that does that for you.
Evan Greenburg: No, I don’t think you see improving quarter on quarter on quarter. It bounces around and mix shifts kind of by quarter, because there’s seasonality to some of our business, to much of the business, and some businesses aren’t so seasonal, like A&H isn’t as seasonal, but other businesses have a seasonality to them, and you’ve got foreign exchange. You know, you can’t exactly—it’s not symmetrical on a quarter-by-quarter.
Evan Greenburg: First of all, I don’t see the business moving that way. I do see improved pricing in wholesale versus retail, but as far as classic hard market where you see a tremendous amount of business move out of the retail into the wholesale business, we do not see that. You see it more in property cat-related area as, for instance, a line of business because they’re searching capacity out. But beyond that, we don’t see it. It’s very much on the margin right now, number one. Number two, the mix – ACE Bermuda we throw in, and we throw in Westchester. Those two are what we consider our wholesale and P&S-related North America business. The balance U.S.A. and the other businesses like our personal lines business, that all forms part of retail. You know, we’re seeing growth on the Westchester side. The ACE Bermuda side, which as you know is high excess, we’re not seeing growth there. We’re seeing the business flat.
Evan Greenburg: And remember I said that globally, so our personal lines business in the U.S. and internationally is right on plan. When I look at their first quarter, their revenue growth and what we expect from them as far as the expense ratio and loss ratio, their fundamentally right on plan. The U.S. is continuing to move, just focused on that high net worth market, and I think in a disciplined way in terms of pricing and risk selection and concentration management and product and – the most important – service to customers, and distribution management. That is right on track for us, so I’m feeling pretty good about that, and I think year-end you saw we were roughly, I think, about a billion and a half of personal lines business in total, so it’s growing.
Evan Greenburg: You know, which we have the debate in here. The real measure of life insurance, the more we’re growing the traditional life insurance business, the real measure is operating income. Loss ratio is right for the P&C business. Benefit ratio is a better measure for life insurance; and then as Phil said, when you write separate account business, you’re earning your income between the underwriting line and the other income line.
Evan Greenburg: Yeah. The acquisitions we made were Hong Kong and Korea of New York Life’s business, and they’re both playing out as we expected them to. Hong Kong is on plan and is in fact growing agents and growing business. Korea, we knew would take longer. We knew that it would—actually as we acquired it, it was in a more unstable—as it came to us, a more unstable condition. It has stabilized and roughly a quarter later than we expected it to, so fundamentally that works for me. And it’s beginning to pick up and grow its agents, and right behind that it will start growing its business. So it’s where we expected both of them to be.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: This is just a sort of theoretical question, but we’ve seen several underwriters – yourselves included – who have had in various classes of business anecdotally have given indications that rates are at 3% or 4% or 5% where the underlying premium growth in those lines has been more like 1% or 2%. Even if we’re not in a hard market, it would seem to me that you would need underlying exposure growth to get to total premium growth that would be more than whatever the rate increases are, and I’m wondering if you anticipate that happening any time soon.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: And then the other question is whether you see any areas where there really is—for want of a better term, whether there are underwriting classes where things have gotten so bad that you see opportunity, either in the form of making acquisitions, significant new business that you haven’t already started with. Japan might be an example.
Thomas Mitchell – Miller Tabak: I’m sorry – when I say so bad, I mean Japan might turn out to offer some of those opportunities for instance, is the idea.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I had a question – I’m kind of looking at your retention. It’s obviously high, it’s growing. Your pricing commentary may be below some peers that we’ve seen just here recently. Just trying to understand – does that reflect more mix of your business, or how do you look at the trade-off between retention and pricing? And just one follow-up, thanks.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: No, I’m sorry – I mean your comment about 94% on dollars and 83% on policy count, both up a couple of points it sounded like.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Just the question is—yeah, how you think about retention. So is there a point where retention is too high and where maybe you’re able to kind of push for more rate, an efficient frontier, I guess if you will, of retention and pricing.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: All right. But it sounds like you look at it—seasons change, things change. You’re kind of looking at everything with same picture, maybe a different lens, but as—
