Evan Greenberg: No, there wasn't a change of loss-cost, and frankly, it was 7.3%, is what I said for P&C lines, which excludes financial lines and comp. I think that's the way to look at it. And the 8% was pricing, was up 8.3%. Pricing exceeded loss-costs P&C lines. As we...
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think I understood what you just said. Let me answer this. We wrote $1.3 billion of new business. That's a record. We grew in our P&C business 8% or so, and we gave comps separately, gave financial lines separate. The market overall, those numbers, as I said, I'm repeating myself, speak to the tone of the market, which is overall quite good. We published a combined ratio of 86.8% with higher cats and 83.2% current accident year combined ratio. I'm hardly wringing my hands. Our results are outstanding underwriting results. The pricing in the market is reasonably rational, financial lines aside to me. Good areas -- and we're only writing business where we can earn an underwriting profit, and in all classes, we strive to earn an underwriting profit that reflects a good return on capital that we're deploying against that line of business. In some classes, they're well priced and getting rate that equals loss-cost, brilliant. In some classes, there is pricing below loss-cost, because the margins are so decent. And in other classes and they're casualty-related, we're writing the business because we're getting rate while in excess of loss-cost as those lines approach their adequacy. I hope that answers your question.
Evan Greenberg: Then, if you look at something like financial lines, there is a glaring example hiding in plain sight that demonstrates we are shrinking when we can't earn an adequate return, which is what we have done consistently for 20 years.
Evan Greenberg: No. We're growing property, and the unit count grew well. So, I don't -- and I don't know what -- we don't have any that reflects unit count.
Evan Greenberg: No, casualty is growing, and it's growing in the areas that we think we should be growing. And then, we have some areas, remember, in large account where we have been restructuring, in troubled classes and increasing retentions and we have accounts we've gotten off of or who have left us because of change of terms and all of that, it was worth about $50 million in the quarter. And that will run its string. It's particularly auto liability related. And -- but other than that, certain classes grew, some stayed flat, but overall casualty was up.
Evan Greenberg: That's a strange way of framing for me. You're either raising your loss pick, which is IBNR, it's IBNR in casualty, generally you're -- if it's on a more recent year, it's all IBNR. If it's case -- if it's due to case reserve on recent years, then hang on to your hat. And if you're -- whereas on older, older years, you could be raising your loss pick based on the actual incurred claim. So, to me, it's just simply another way of saying are you raising your loss picks on more recent years. We already have raised our loss picks. It's already been baked into our business as we've gone along, and we've raised our loss-cost trends and we take rate against loss-cost and on a written basis and then to earn through, we pick -- we've been picking higher loss ratios over the last few years. And that's just steady. We haven't adjusted our loss picks this year for what we see in loss-cost trends. The loss-cost trends, as I said, remain steady with what we have contemplated. Now, as you do reserve studies, there are individual classes where if you're taking reserve charge, you're taking reserve charge because that, by its nature, means you're raising the loss picks, which includes IBNR on a cohort of years. It may be that you're raising it just because of development you see on older years, it may be that you see that flowing through to more -- to change your view in more recent years and in which case you raise them, but that's study by study. I hope that answers your question.
Evan Greenberg: Did you -- we did not grow North America personal lines 42% year-to-date, but we've grown it double-digit year-to-date. And so just -- so we level set between each other, the line is growing at a very healthy rate. And look, it's for -- there's a combination of reasons. It's broad-based growth. We're not growing simply in -- okay, cat-exposed stressed areas. We're growing where high net-worth customers have homes. And so that would of course have a strong cat-exposed element to it, but we're growing at a broad variety of geographies across the United States. We're getting improved rate to exposure. Our pricing -- and we've worked on it for years now, our ability to price the business is far more sophisticated and our by-peril pricing is very sophisticated. The services we provide and the richness of the coverage, if you are a customer whose profile meets our product, we're who you want, because the richness of the coverage and the way we administer it, that's what our brand is well known about. And there is a real increase in demand for Chubb. We are not the cheap guys on the street. And in fact, there are many who I personally will tell them, if you're looking for a cheaper price, let me give you the name of three other insurance companies. But no, they want Chubb and the renewal retention rate and the growth in new business, it's very gratifying that way. And we're improving our services and constantly improving our services and in the way we communicate with our customer. And that is in front of us. We can continue improving this and improve the -- which is the competitive profile of the product area. So -- and then, yes, in cat-exposed areas, we're getting well paid for the business we're writing. I don't mind saying we're reshaping and have been shaping in cat-exposed areas to a healthier portfolio in terms of the quality of risk and whether they're just given us cat business or they're giving us a broad base of business beyond cat exposure. And we're shaping that portfolio and getting priced reasonably for it and we're purchasing enough protection to protect the balance sheet as we grow accumulations. So, all in all, our personal lines business is in a very healthy place.
Evan Greenberg: Love the question. Thank you. Okay. So, let's take accident and health. The combined insurance company in North America, which I'm going to start talking about more soon, but we've been a little quieter about it. It is growing at double-digits. It is a worksite voluntary benefits business and it is growing at a very healthy double-digit clip, and that is traditional -- our traditional accident and health. We're growing it for small-account companies and middle- and large-account companies, one through brokerage, one through agency. Our accident and health business in Asia Pacific has grown because we're the largest direct marketers of insurance in Asia for sure and maybe the world. It's over a $4.5 billion portfolio. And our direct marketed A&H business growing in Korea, growing through Southeast Asia is an excellent contributor. Our digital distributed consumer lines business, A&H and personal lines with over 200 digital platforms from the grabs of Southeast Asia to the new banks of Latin America for -- in what we call embedded or in path selling for accident and health and simple consumer products, think householders, think term life insurance, think device coverage for protecting devices, is growing at a -- that's our digital business, growing at a very healthy double-digit clip. Travel insurance in Asia growing well. In Europe, employer, employee and direct marketed A&H growing very well. I could go on and on, but that's a flavor of how it's -- maybe giving you a sense granularly of how it is across the globe.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, property and casualty. And then, we gave casualty separately, right? And the casualty separately hasn't changed.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Look, let me observe this way to you. On the loss side of it, we have been talking for many quarters for years now about the inflation in the casualty loss-cost environment. I won't go into all the reasons, but the litigation. We have talked about the reasons and we have talked about some of the areas, whether it is excess casualty related, auto liability related. And that's just not new noise or new facts. That's been for a long time we've been talking. We've talked about how inflation in that area has accelerated over a period of time. We talked about how the court system was closed down and how you had to be careful in not taking the head fake and continuing to trend up. We've talked about how companies have managed this and some have been quicker, some have been slower to recognize development. Though everyone is in the boat of struggling to stay on top of it, some have reacted more quickly and their recognition in reserves and loss picks than others. So again, everyone struggles to stay on top. We've talked about how reinsurers are late -- are the latest to the party. And those who may not have as good a data set or be as activist and intrusive in how they use data and interpret it for management information, all of that rolls together to make the soup everyone is obsessed about at this moment about casualty, and I understand it. I say it that way, because when it comes to Chubb, we have almost $65 billion of loss reserves, very broad-based. We study them all on an annual basis, and we watch them all on a monthly and quarterly basis. There's always something developing well and something not developing as well as you imagine. It's never a precise science. On balance, our reserves are as strong. And frankly, we said this at December and I can tell you as of June 30, our loss reserves are stronger than they were in December in aggregate when we look at them today. And that is with staying on top of the positive development in casualty, i.e. comp and other areas and the negative development that is occurring in auto liability and access and umbrella, et cetera. David, I hope that's as much as I can say on the subject.
Evan Greenberg: Well, let's see. I think it speaks for itself. We grew at a pretty healthy clip when you look at it. Our middle market P&C business grew at 11%. Our E&S business grew at 8.7%. Our large-account business grew a little slower clip. Our financial line shrank, while P&C grew. I've gone through that where rates achieve a risk-adjusted return from everything we can tell, that we contemplate achieving, we're growing that business as fast as we can. Where it's not achieving it, we're striving to achieve it. Where we can't earn an underwriting profit, we're shrinking. Where it's adequate, we're growing as fast as we can. And we have the capital, the depth of balance sheet and an appetite and knowledge and geographic reach and the distribution brand, the underwriting capability to grow in those areas where we want to grow. And there are times we'll trade rate for growth and we'll -- there are times we'll trade growth for rate. We're doing both. And when it comes to the current accident year combined ratio, I've said before and I've written this, it's very interesting about the industry's current accident year combined ratio ex-cat. Property is a much larger part and a growing -- everybody is more cat-levered because of the changes in the [reinsurance] (ph) market, the rates and terms. And we take the cat loss out of the numerator, but in the denominator, we leave all the premium, that naturally drives down our current accident year combined ratio in mix of business all else being equal. So, it's -- I look -- that's a part and parcel of the published combined ratio, which is the primary number that everyone should look at. And the current accident year to look through volatility is a secondary indicator. And that's how I think of about. And I think what we published of an 86.8%, which has higher cat losses than prior quarter -- prior year's quarter because volatility in property is simply an outstanding number. I hope that answers your question. This is a company with big appetite and -- but a big appetite and an ambition to grow when we can earn a reasonable return.
Evan Greenberg: There is. We've met -- you can't see it, and we're not going to disclose anything like that. But it is apparent to us, again, we wrote $1.3 billion of new business, a record. And we had a renewal retention rate policy cap of 90%. I rest my case.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, sure. We studied large-account comp this quarter, and we studied auto liability across the organization, large, medium, small, all added together. Among other casualty lines, that we studied a variety of GL, general liability-related ones, comp produced about $287 million release and the auto liability studies produced about $116 million of charge and not concentrated in any one year spread out. And that was the major piece.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. He's not going to handle inflated jury verdicts. That sounds like I hired somebody out of the mafia, because I don't know any other way except with a mask and a gun. But what he's -- what we're focused on is the litigation environment and what we can do to help galvanize and lead in that lead efforts among corporate America to pool our influence and our resources to impact the litigation environment, which is going to be impacted through the political arena and the regulatory arena. You going to get some laws changed, and it's a state by state when you get down to the critical issues, whether you're talking mass tort or you're talking individual large awards or you're talking litigation funding, any of that. And so, we're going to double down on focusing on that to work with corporate America that is waking up and becoming more energized about this. And I will in the future, I'm sure have more to say about it. And right now, we'll just go to work on it.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Behind the curtain? No curtain. What an energizing thing for this organization. These -- we have a very well-oiled and effective succession management and key employee process. We've been engaged in for over 18 years. And at my level, it involves keeping our eye on about 500 people across the company. The people who were promoted and the change of responsibilities is a reflection of that succession management process. This was -- these changes were planned over 18 months ago. The individuals, [John Keogh] (ph), and we had planned it. John Lupica, and we had planned for it. It's very orderly. It was individuals who've had long history with the company. They're of our culture. They have the talent, the capability to do more. The company, to state the obvious, look at the size and scale of it, it's growing. And therefore, the structure has to adapt and the talent that you put in place has to reflect the opportunity set and all of the dynamics around management of the organization that you need to address all at once. We have bigger strategic issues that have to do with opportunities and we just talked about litigation. These massive structural things in front of us that Chubb is a leader, as it has a responsibility and an opportunity, participate in, and we need leadership that can address that. All the day to day of our business and managing the day to day of our business grows more complicated and is more diverse. And so, part of my job is to reflect on all of that and to use the succession process we have that produces a deep, well-diversified bench of talent to match up against all of that. And that's what it reflects. And what's so great is everyone who was on that -- those announcements know each other well, have been together well for a long time, and it just -- it means the team just gets stronger.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. I'm going to be very careful because I'm not going to jinx myself in the middle of the game. But where we have concentration of exposure, it is a very good growing season so far, particularly for corn and soybean. We have a well-diversified book. We're heavier, and we've always been west of the Mississippi, but in a very broad swath of geography, Midwest, upper Midwest, in particular. And the growing conditions are very good. When you see spot markets at this moment and it just -- it's not something to obsess about or look at really because it reflects what people were imagining. It's a speculative class and they're imagining what the -- what's the government going to say about growing and they're all out there looking at the years of corn on -- counting the years on stocks right now. And that's what's driving price at the moment. We'll see how it pans out, but right now, it's shaping up well.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, which was in within a lot of the deductible. Frankly, if you -- and is a little outside deductible averages, but, look, who knows, we'll see.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. So, you started to touch upon this in the last question, but I wanted to step back. In the last 90 days, it seems like there's been a flurry of announcements from the company on management changes and promotions. And I'm curious, Evan, if you could just step back, give us a snapshot of what's going on behind the curtain.
Gregory Peters: Great. I'm going to, for my follow-up question, get out of the North American commercial liability reserve sandbox and jump into the agricultural business. I was watching -- I think I checked...
Gregory Peters: You handled yourself very well, so congratulations on that. For -- I checked the spot rate of a bushel of corn, looks like it's down, what, some 30% year-over-year. So, not that that's an arbiter of the outlook for your agricultural business, but maybe if you could give us an update on how this year looks to be shaping up? Obviously, I know the harvest season is still emerging, but any color there would be helpful.
