Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains strong. Our loss reserves remain conservative. We have $102 billion portfolio of cash and high-quality investments that are well rated and liquid and we are generating substantial capital and positive cash flow. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $1.7 billion. We grew our tangible book value per share by 5.5% in the quarter. You will remember that at the close of our merger, the initial dilution to our tangible book value per share was 29%. As of the end of the third quarter, our year-to-date dilution has been reduced to 16%, an improvement of 13 percentage points in three quarters. Of course, that includes five points of benefit in unrealized gains because of lower interest rates. In the quarter, investment income of $830 million was at the top end of our estimated range and benefited from strong cash flow and from the changes we are making to the management of our portfolio. There are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income including the level of interest rates, prepayment speeds on our mortgages, corporate bond call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our expected quarterly investment income run rate remains at $820 million to $830 million. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $264 million pre-tax and include a $307 million gain from the investment portfolio primarily from a narrowing of credit spreads, a $44 million mark-to-market gain on our VA portfolio primarily from the improvement to equity markets and a $95 million loss from FX. Our investments are in unrealized gain position of $2.5 billion after-tax. Net loss reserves increased $315 million for the quarter. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 90%. We had positive prior period development of $349 million pre-tax or $252 million after-tax with about 20% from short-tail lines and 80% from long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2010 and prior. This included $52 million of adverse development for legacy environmental liability exposures which are now included in our corporate segment. As a reminder, we conduct our environmental review in the third quarter and our asbestos review in the fourth quarter. Our catastrophe losses in the third quarter net of reinsurance were $144 million pre-tax or $107 million after-tax principally from U.S. weather related events. During the quarter, we purchased additional reinsurance that reduced our net written premiums by $260 million. $200 million related to personal lines, the remainder related principally to commercial lines. The $200 million personal lines reinsurance premium included $128 million of one-time unearned premium reserve transfers which impact net written premiums for the third quarter only. Excluding the one-time transfers, the annual impact of personal lines of this new treaty is expected to be approximately $280 million. As we have mentioned, we are increasing our estimate of integration related savings. There is no increase in our integration and merger-related expenses. Our tax rate of 18.4% is slightly higher than our normal range due to a higher tax rate on our positive prior period development because of the jurisdictions in which the development occurred. I will turn the call back over to Helen.
Philip V. Bancroft: So third quarter actual realized savings from an accounting standpoint were $102 million and that would bring – so it was $28 million in the first quarter, you'll remember, $72 million in the second quarter and $102 million in the third quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $202 million.
Philip V. Bancroft: Let me start with – I will turn it over to Paul in a second, let me just start with – in general, this cycle was primarily related to the casualty book. I mean the most weight in our studies were casualty. But we also had some personalized development that I'll ask Paul to talk about.
Philip V. Bancroft: I was just going to say that's right, it was across the years, the $50 million increase. And you can just compare to the first quarter disclosure, you'll see it.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Kai, it's early days. We are pleased with building our capital position. It's in line with our own expectations. Capital management, we pay an awfully good dividend. We understand the potential for share repurchase and that always fits into our overall thinking when we look at all of our options and what we will do with our capital. Stay tuned. We are not in a hurry.
Evan G. Greenberg: For the small commercial that we just launched and that's in line with our plans as we told you from the very beginning and it's a book of business that we'll build over. It takes years to do. That's right in line and that goes to agents. And we've just begun really rolling out a real way and that will continue as our technology and product comes online into the middle of next year when it will be fully operational. But as far as agent reactions, very good and I'm going to turn it over for two moment – for a moment to Paul Krump who will give you a little more sense of the feedback we are getting in the marketplace.
Evan G. Greenberg: Kai, the market reaction to the small commercial has been very good. As we have begun to roll that out. You know the legacy Chubb brand name with agency distribution and the relationships are so deep and as we bring additional product to market, they – the reception and the goodwill couldn't be better. And I would remind you on the dislocation question. Sure, the concentration issue is an element with producers. Look at our renewal retention rate. We are holding the business and we are in fact writing the business. So while that tension and that dynamic is there, as Paul started saying to you, our capabilities are beginning to improve that we could do farm and ranch and do high net worth together starts opening up a whole another market dimension that others can't follow. And we have other product and technology plans on the drawing board that over the next two years will start – will roll out and continue to differentiate us.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, well, when you say that I'm going to turn it over to Tim Boroughs but when you say that that's in the face of the declining reinvestment yield.
Evan G. Greenberg: Thanks for the question. No, we have been through the portfolio, and we – by the spring, so early in the second quarter, we had finished going through everything together. And we understood exactly where it either wasn't meeting our return expectations or where we had individual risk accumulations that would exceed our guidelines and appetite or we had aggregate risk accumulations concentrations that would exceed our appetite. So that's all done and we put in place our plans to either fix or get off of business or secure additional reinsurance. Let me go a step further, though, because I think there is this question out there also, well, risk reward ratio and how do you think about that? And how do you as investors judge that? First of all, I don't believe you can judge that, we can judge that, but you can't accept that how our ultimate results turn out. And I think we have a track record that speaks to pretty good underwriting and reinsurance as part of the underwriting process. We don't give away premium easily. Why would we do that? You ask yourself that question. We wouldn't. Reinsurance and the way we look at things is not an expense. But it's rather a risk management and a capital management tool. We have very well-established use and guidelines in process to determine and manage our risk tolerances, our appetite for individual per risk volatility as an example. Our accumulations of how much we would take in anyone geography among our various products as they clash from a single event that might occur. We have very sound capabilities to analyze the alternatives. The alternatives, do we retain the risk, do we reinsure it, and if we're going to reinsure it, what's the best reinsurance structure and the pricing alternatives? We can evaluate reinsurance pricing versus what we think a risk is worth. We can then track the results, gross and net and adjust as facts and circumstance both company and market change over time. So it's a very thoughtful process that we go through. And frankly the question you ask yourself if you are me in the very beginning when you do something a merger like this is do you worry about the optics of the premium revenue or do you just do what you know is the right thing to do to manage the business to give the optimal return on a risk-adjusted basis. And for me, it's a no-brainer. You just do that. And anyway, thank you for the question and I answered more than you asked.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, look, you can't measure with absolute precision. But what I will tell you is this. The actions you take are on a written basis and then that earns in over a period of time; generally a one-year period of time. So the results will – of that will emerge over time. It ameliorates margin pressure you get from rate reduction and trend, loss trend that occurs on your book of business. It ameliorates your results due to – you know from a single catastrophe or a series of catastrophes when they occur. It ameliorates your results in frequency of large losses if you have limited your per risk net because you don't think you are getting paid for that excess layer or have the spread of risk worth taking the volatility. And so you judge it over a period of time. But I think you are liking our underwriting results and it's all part of that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, I think they just hang that ghost out there and it just hung there the last few years. Everybody looks at it and says maybe it's coming. Look, loss trend hasn't – it's not like there is no loss trend. There is inflation in claims. It varies by class. But it isn't like it has disappeared. It continues and you see it in certain classes where it rears its head and then in other classes it's there, it just is a bit more benign. Pricing is flat or down and it's interesting to me the way I listen to people talk about the market because they will say, well, see the market is not softening because the rate of decline of prices has ameliorated. Well, that's almost – that's mindless to me. The rate is still going down, just going down at a slower rate. That's still softening. And even if it's flat, it doesn't keep trade – pace with loss cost trend. So eventually, it's going to show up in results. When? I can't say with any specificity. And you know at that point when it shows up does that mean a market turns? It's a lot of capital. And there is a hunger for a rate of return. Even the insurance industry giving a mid-single digit ROE which is miserable on a risk-adjusted basis to me; that is attractive to many where there is trillions of dollars sitting in negative returns right now and just hungry for yield. And if they can get absolute yield of 2%, 3%, 4%, 5% on an absolute, forget risk adjusted basis, they are interested. So you just continue to see more capital coming into the business. So I am not imagining and I don't run our company, I can tell you, we don't build a strategy based on a market turn. We base it on the market we see.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah. We are making investments in the area and this is only a certain number of months, but they will roll out as we go along. So let me give you a little more color. We, first of all, have reorganized ourselves between all the disciplines, between actuarial, underwriting, marketing and sales where we can in a faster and more practical way react to each region in the United States which each one behaves a little differently where the States behave differently in terms of both competitive behavior and what we see from a financial profit and loss perspective of pricing. Number two, we are right now in the middle of making investments and executing on actions around what will ultimately come out in the next – I'm not going to predict the month precisely, but we're going to start rolling out a digital experience around our high net worth business where customers will be able to interact with us and procure service and actually manage coverage in a more digital way. Foundational technology, there is a need to make large investment to update and be state-of-the-art in our foundational technology around underwriting and claims, claims we've already done it and we will be investing in the underwriting side and plans are afoot to do that. In product, Paul began to tell you one of the initiatives that we're already engaged in and that will emerge and that is the high net worth. There is a large segment to that population that has farm and ranch exposure. And you can't – typically you can't get it all from one carrier. We have the capability with our farm and ranch capabilities, as well as our high net worth capabilities. We are putting them together. We have already been piloting where we will be able to serve that segment and that distinguishes us from anybody else, one-stop shop. Coverages around cyber liability, which on a personal basis and particularly for high net worth, is a new exposure. We've rolled out product to address that area before anyone else in the market did. And so you know we are – this is not something where you throw a switch. I mean I said from the beginning it would take a couple years but we have a lot underway.
Evan G. Greenberg: And then remember, it's on a base of a couple of, few billion dollars actually – $0.9 billion base (43:48).
Evan G. Greenberg: No, you are thinking right. And I am going to start with an answer to you and then I wanted to take your question even a little broader and I'm going to ask Paul and John to talk a little bit about middle market cross-selling and what's going on in upper middle market. But let me take your A&H and by the way on small commercial when you ask could it be material? I am going to repeat to you one thing I have said before. First of all, it's about a $90 billion market in the United States. Number two, average premiums though keep in mind a couple thousand dollars. So it takes – you've got to write a lot of customers to build to cast a real shadow. In a number of years – in a few years, I expect that this will be a book of business with a B on the end of it, okay. That's what I mean by significant. When you talk about A&H, it's in two pieces. First, in the combined, we do a worksite marketing and we have great technology and we now have quietly built over $100 million of business that is growing quickly where we are doing supplemental A&H products not traditional health. Sort of like the same thing that you would see Allstate or Aflac doing. We are competing very well in that business. We have now introduced it to the Chubb independent agency distribution system right alongside our P&C offerings. And because most of the agents have an employee benefits division, and so we can come in where it is 50 to a couple of hundred lives, that's a sweet spot for us, and with technology and enrollers offer supplemental health products such as accident insurance, dread disease, hospital cash, et cetera, and that is a real initiative that we think has legs that over a number of years is going to grow substantial business. Secondly, through our corporate A&H division as part of our major accounts and our middle market, traditional travel accident insurance and global business travel to corporations where they pay for the insurance for employees, we are – that is a real initiative for us and it is part of our cross-selling along with a whole host of other products that I'm going to ask John to start talking about and Paul and just give you a better sense of that cross-selling.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, well, I think that's a – maybe a simplistic way, it's just still a mathematical way of looking at it. You've got to figure all the other factors. So you just loaded additional expense on top, let's see what happens to rate and trend and losses and mix of business and all the rest. I'm not projecting. I don't give guidance.
Evan G. Greenberg: Not giving you guidance. On the other side of the coin, I feel pretty confident in our underwriting – in our ability to produce superior results relative to the industry. Our mix of business, our underwriting discipline, our willingness to shed business, to reinsure business, not to grow where it doesn't make sense and to grow where it does make sense, our global reach and our balance of businesses by geography, by country where we selectively determine to write each line of coverage, not mindlessly across the globe, but selectively decide which country to write which business in, our mix between middle market, small, and large commercial, our mix between specialty and traditional. The fact in major accounts business where we have superior capability, so it's not simply about the cheapest price per shared and layered but that you bought the franchise and therefore it's our ability and primary casualty to be able to pay your claims, to be able to issue the paper all around the globe, collect the money and move the cash flow, pay the taxes for you and then write all the excess coverages. Our ability to write multiple coverages on you on a global basis and not simply one coverage, I think, all that goes into those results, Sarah.
Evan G. Greenberg: We are seeing the competition in one or two in the mass affluent space, creeping into the lower end of high net worth. It's a price play, offer a cheaper price. Having the broad coverages and the service capability, that's what it's really about. And so people are going to compete simply on price but not the same quality of product and service and that's the game. That's fine. You will always have that. And as I have said from the beginning, we expect that with the merger, there would naturally be others who would come into the space. It makes sense. It ought to happen. That doesn't disturb us. But your ability to actually become a true high net worth player requires a lot of investment, a lot of patience, and because you've got to build a hell of a capability and service and you've got to be able to follow your customers where they have exposure. And by the way, you've got to have a balance sheet and appetite for greater volatility or risk because high net worth behaves like a commercial account, not a traditional personal lines account.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah. We will have to take that off-line with you but I would say this. We study the lapses in the annuitization rates on a regular basis. We react to the changes as we see them. You realize we write an XOL (58:54) book, an excess of loss book. That has been in run-off since 2007. Our lapses have been running to date better. They have been running lower, in fact, than we – than originally imagined and we watch those annuitization rates pretty carefully.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, I am the same about the revenue synergies between ACE and Chubb, absolutely the same. What I can't speak about is, yes, the capabilities and our ability to bring those capabilities and differentiate whether it's new product and absolute like small commercial or bringing product to customer through – in middle market or in large account. I am absolutely right where I was about that. What I can't tell you is how much joy you get at any one moment for it depending on market conditions. And you know I expected a competitive market and we certainly got one.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, sure. The ceding commission is better than the acquisition expense. Otherwise, I didn't even cover my operating expense.
Evan G. Greenberg: We are not only seeing it in the number of submissions we are getting in that – particularly in that large account business but we are seeing it in the writings. John Lupica.
Evan G. Greenberg: And, Jay, the factor on the other side that stops us from writing all of it depends on is the market condition. They will come to us if they want the service now, are you willing to pay us the price we want? And in an awful lot of instances they are bringing in the risk and it's at a price that the expiring price is at a discount to what we think it's worth. And there you go. There's the bid/ask and whether we are going to write it or not.
Evan G. Greenberg: We do see – and we have seen for a while what some others in the market have seen and that is there is a – particularly there's been an upward trend in severity. Look, the kinds of cars that our drivers drive are more valuable cars. The technology continues to evolve both in the materials used to manufacture the cars and the computerization, the digitalization of automobiles. And so that drives severity and we have seen that severity increase over a period of time we have been taking rate and we are making an underwriting profit in auto. And by the way, the volumes – look at page seven of the supplement you get the total – you get the volumes on a global basis.
Evan G. Greenberg: Thank you. You are a friend, so I'll just withhold my comment – my report to you. You have teenagers in the house? I don't want them.
Evan G. Greenberg: You will not be able to. Number two, you'll identify it in the overall as you watch the expense ratio...
Evan G. Greenberg: ... and we can also identify to you in the loss ratio what percentage change in LAE exists then on – so we are tracking the savings. By the way, we track it in a very buttoned up mathematical way. It comes through finance and accounting. It's got controls around it. It can be audited both externally and by internal audit. And so we don't put out these numbers without real governance and control around it all and that's how we manage to it anyway. So it's all for real. And then what you have on the other side is what counterbalance is any investments you have that you make that will increase expense for normal inflation and expenses. So, we kind of track between the two pieces. Your question about the $50 million, no, it's not in 2016, it's in 2017 and 2018.
Evan G. Greenberg: So the hook is a couple. First of all, in the agency, they are predisposed to grow their business with Chubb.
Evan G. Greenberg: The market concentration of this business when you think of the guys who are – that you would think of are the ones who are leading brands in it. Well, in aggregate, they have 20% market share of a $90 billion market. So it's incredibly spread. And there's a lot of carriers in there that frankly the agents, if you take the relationship and their – with Chubb they want to grow that relationship and they have more confidence in that. So you start with that. Number two, our technology and our ability to quote find an issue and a four-minute to do it and that you don't touch? That's something that is a great differentiator to CSRs.
Evan G. Greenberg: And then that we will offer the total product package plus specialties wrapped around it that others don't have is a differentiator. So I think when you add all three together over time, we will grind this out and this is not a passing game where you make a 50 yard gain in one play. This is a grind it out foot by foot, yard by yard.
Evan G. Greenberg: And that's great. That's what we are in the business of. We are all not trying to get out of the business tomorrow. We are here for a long time building a company and this is part of the effort. So it's not something like what's the update every quarter? How it's looking? Come on, you measure it over years.
Evan G. Greenberg: You go yard by yard and sure you would love book roles and maybe you'll get some of those, but you're taking a policy by policy.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, there is nothing related to – we have been a big primary player for a long time. There is nothing related to that, Brian. It is truly market. Our reinsurance folks, we liberated them a long time ago from volume. You will do the right thing to earn an underwriting profit or you will walk away from the business.
Evan G. Greenberg: And that's – all that's a reflection of and look, it's a little like the E&S business. In reinsurance, you have to be prepared in the way we run reinsurance, everybody a little differently. Where it has more volatility to it based on the market signature, you will have moments where you handle (1:15:15) the moments when you may grow very quickly and then you've got to be willing and prepared that on the other side there's volatility and you just shut like mad if you have to if your intent is to earn an underwriting profit. Wholesale E&S is next like that and it expands – the market expands or shrinks depending on market conditions.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yeah, we are focused in just a couple of geographies around the world. We are focused in the U.K. There is a business and it has been a good business and we are putting more effort and more investment into that U.K. business and Juan is exploring a couple of places on the continent in a thoughtful way where there is opportunity we believe. And beyond that, we are in Australia and – where we have a portfolio and are growing that. Other than that, it's where our customers emanating out of the U.S. or one of those markets may in fact have a property or an exposure in another country, then we have a Lloyd's platform that is used to be able to quote an issue that alongside their U.S. policy because they have a home in Mexico or they have a home in Colombia. So we can serve it on a global basis.
Evan G. Greenberg: The notion of expanding high net worth into a whole lot of countries, if you understand the market environment in those countries and the actual consumer behavior, there is – as we know it, there is not a high net worth market to be pursued in most markets of the world. That's just a fact.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, it does carry weight. And we are pushing – I would say this, the ACE brand was a bigger brand in China, as an example. The Chubb brand – the conversion to the Chubb brand is – it gets the halo of what was the ACE brand because it's based on personal relationship more than anything. In the other markets of the world, the Chubb brand, ACE brand we are promoting the brand and building it. And I think it's very well received. And I – there is a tremendous brand equity in that Chubb name. And it just has a distinguishing brand image in terms of service and claims like no other insurance company I know. And that is an asset. And that is an asset that we will promote that we will burnish that we are fiduciaries of and we will protect.
Paul J. Krump: Sure, Evan. I'd say that the agent feedback has been very positive. The new organization really hasn't missed the beat in terms of service to both agents and clients. I think the agents have been extremely complementary, how focused team is on finding solutions to our risk exposures. Just one quick example. We were all recently at the CIAB and we ran into an agent who had a Fortune 500 CEO who had a personal lines risk and – but it included both the cattle and a horse ranch. And I would tell you that in the past legacy Chubb would have absolutely struggled to figure out a solution to that. And today, we were able to put that together in a very seamless way and our new capabilities in that area are unmatched and they'll only become crisper and better as we go along. So we are very excited about that. As respect to the piece about some concentration, yeah, I would suggest to you that some of the agents have been a little concerned about the concentration. We have seen that more so and if anything in how they have moved some of the Fireman's Fund business. We expected that in the retention and that has shown up. You have to remember that that Fireman's Fund book was a conversion and we anticipated that there would be more price dislocation on the Fireman's Fund and that, as Evan said it in his remarks, will dissipate as we go forward.
Paul J. Krump: Yeah, yeah, thanks. Thank you both. As Evan has mentioned on previous calls, we are integrating our actuarial process for all lines. And in doing so, we are bringing together much more credible data than previously available in the personal lines space as we've got the three big portfolios. And that data just caused us to increase our expectation slightly on the legacy ACE personal lines book. In particular, the homeowners and personal access lines were increased ever so slightly. Again, that's on the legacy ACE book, it's not in the personal auto. I suspect I know what you are pointing towards and it's not the auto.
Paul J. Krump: Yeah. Maybe just another quick example, because I think John did a great job outlining it. Going back to the strength of the organization an agent friend of mine told me a story where one of our clients in the personal lines world runs a business. It's in the healthcare industry. And this prospect of his was very anxious to get a Chubb quote. He explained to them that he didn't think that this risk was within Chubb's appetite. But he also admitted to the client prospect that, in fact, now that legacy Chubb has changed to new Chubb that the appetite has shifted as well because the legacy ACE was bringing on so many more capabilities and skills. So he approached us. And he was shocked that within days we put together a very competitive program. The underwriter that he knew helped guide his colleague through the relationship and we wrote the account with several hundred thousand dollars. So that in itself is personally very satisfying for me. But what also is very satisfying is that this agent has really turned on to Chubb right now and their submission activities increased nicely.
Paul J. Krump: Yeah. Just to level set again it is not a lead line for us in personal lines. I mean we generally write automobile only along with our other coverages for our customers. In addition our auto product really appeals to customers looking for much broader coverage and service particularly when it comes to vehicle repair and especially around safety systems. So I would tell you that we are just not the best source for confirming standard market auto trends. Our premium is much more skewed towards the homeowners and we have far more cars typically than we have drivers.
