Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Our balance sheet continued to grow stronger in the fourth quarter, and we finished the year with a strong capital position. Tangible book value grew by 2.7% for the quarter and 15.5% for the year. Our cash and invested assets grew $4.6 billion or 8% this year to over $60 billion. Excluding unrealized gains, the growth was $3.7 billion. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $1 billion and was $4 billion for the year. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $200 million and included $170 million realized gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. Investment income for the quarter was $567 million, which included $42 million of higher-than-expected private equity and other distributions, as well as the income benefit of an insurance contract classified as a deposit. Current new money rates are 2.3% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio. And our current book yield is 3.7%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately $520 million, which is subject to variability in portfolio rates, private equity distributions and FX. Our net loss reserves were up $780 million or 3.1% for the year. Our paid-to-incurred ratio was 119% for the fourth quarter. When we normalize the fourth quarter ratio for crop loss payments and cat loss activity, the ratio is 86%. Cat losses were $400 million after tax in the quarter and included $390 million related to Sandy. This comprised losses of $290 million from commercial insurance lines and $100 million from personal lines. Approximately $300 million of the loss was from our insurance business, and $90 million was from our reinsurance business. Evan mentioned the reserve strengthening during the quarter related to A&E and other runoff totaled $140 million pretax or $90 million after tax. This included $91 million for asbestos, $27 million for environmental and $22 million for other pre-'99 legacy runoff liabilities. This was offset by favorable development of $177 million on other lines of business, resulting in net positive prior period reserve development of $37 million. About 60% of the positive development was from short-tail lines, with 40% coming from long-tail lines, primarily from accident years 2007 and prior. Our crop insurance results for the fourth quarter included no net profit or loss, in line with our guidance last quarter. Crop net written premiums for the quarter were down $200 million versus last year, principally due to an increase in our premium sessions to the U.S. government as a result of the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula. Our unusually low tax rate for the quarter was favorably impacted predominantly by $120 million benefit resulting from the resolution of various prior year tax matters with the IRS. In December, we issued updated 2012 guidance in connection with our release on preliminary Sandy estimates. Our actual results were better than indicated, principally due to an improvement in investment income, our current accident year underwriting result and the net difference between the A&E charge and the tax benefit we realized. Our press release issued last night included our guidance for 2013. Our range is $6.60 to $7 in after-tax operating income per share for the 2013 accident year. This includes cat losses of $395 million after tax. The guidance is for the current accident year only and includes no assumption for prior period development. While we're not going to give a full worksheet on our guidance, given cats and an investment income run rate, I'll talk about some themes in the 2013 guidance compared to our 2012 guidance and our 2012 actual results. First, we expect substantially higher underwriting income. We expect lower investment income as we have already told you, and a higher year current accident year tax rate due to higher underwriting in the U.S. Obviously, compared to actual 2012, we don't expect a tax settlement. And finally, a couple of smaller items. While we expect our recent acquisitions to be accretive in the first year, in 2013, we only have a partial year depending on when they close, and we have higher purchase accounting intangible amortization. Also, we expect a negative FX impact relative to the 2012 guidance. And I'll turn it back to Helen.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, as we said in our press release, we had additional private equity distributions in excess of what we would've expected. And we also had a onetime benefit from a contract, an insurance contract, that is considered a deposit. So the development on that contract was included in investment income. So as we said in the press release, we had about $42 million of income beyond what we would've expected, which gave us a run rate last quarter of about 5.25.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes. Well, yes. What I've said is, I think our investment income for the year was $2,180,000,000. And I think if you multiply that $520 million out as a run rate, you come down about $100 million pretax.
Philip V. Bancroft: Right. It was lower in this quarter obviously because of the $121 million. But also, if you even back out the $121 million, as you know, it's lower than that run rate. And it's principally because of where the prior period development and the cat losses fell.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, we haven't -- we really haven't given you a worksheet on that, but it has been running in the 16%, 17% range.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, I've given you -- we've given you our guidance that has a midpoint of 6.8, right? So, I mean, that's the implied -- that's our implied estimate.
Philip V. Bancroft: We haven't done that, but what we have said is that you would expect in the early 12 to 18 months of an acquisition, the amortization will be much higher. So we have said in the acquisitions that while they're certainly accretive initially, they become more accretive as that amortization occurs and goes away.
Philip V. Bancroft: I wouldn't expect that we would add any additional capital to finance acquisitions. We have been thinking about prefunding some of our debt, and so we'll consider that. But I wouldn't expect us to increase our leverage at the present time.
Philip V. Bancroft: We just had some share compensation increases that are just a timing issue. We wouldn't expect that to be recurring.
Philip V. Bancroft: So what we saw in this quarter, for example, is that the overall Life operating income was down about $5 billion. That was affected by a decline in the Life reinsurance book, that's partially because of the runoff and partially because of a smaller reserve strengthening in the Life runoff book. Excluding the runoff, our income is up $5 million. I think Evan mentioned that was a breakthrough to contribution. So we would expect that as the runoff slows and the international Life grows, that we would see an improvement.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, it depends on the nature of the acquisition. But for the P&C acquisitions that we've done, it's generally intangibles that we're required to establish that relate to aspects of the business, the in-force business that get amortized over a relatively short period of time. So that's in contrast to some of the other businesses, like the combined that had much longer tail amortization on the longer term intangibles.
Philip V. Bancroft: And the bulk of them get amortized pretty quickly, so that's why we say, the first 12 to 18 months have more amortization built in than the subsequent periods.
Philip V. Bancroft: No, there really haven't been. If you look at the PE distributions, for example, the private equity distributions in the fourth quarter, they were substantially more than the combination of the first 3 quarters. So we had been expecting, call it, $7 million a quarter for the first 3 quarters, and that's about what we had. And then, in the fourth quarter, we had $29 million. It was just an acceleration that we didn't anticipate.
Philip V. Bancroft: So we're not going to talk about the specific results from the acquisitions. But what I can tell you is, as Evan said, as I said earlier, the acquisitions are accretive in the first year. But first of all, because the acquisitions are occurring during the year, we're not going to have a full year worth of income, and we're going to have that result that I talked about where we're going to have high amortization in that first 12 to 18 months. So you're not going to see as high accretion in the first year as we are in subsequent periods. But we haven't disclosed separately what the accretion is going to be for any of the acquisitions.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes, it really doesn't have anything to do with the winter wheat. It really is adjusting to the gain-loss formulas with the government. So in years where you make money or lose money on a state-by-state basis, you change the session to the premium to the government. So it's entirely related to the 2012 accident year crop result.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, Jay. I think they can improve is the short answer, but let me expand on it a little. First of all, we have a very good current accident year combined ratio, as you know. Take away crop, I think it's its own market, it's a separate business. When you're looking at commercial retail, wholesale business, you're better off without that. We have a very good current accident year x crop relative to most of the industry. Pricing and underwriting selection has contributed to date to a modest expansion in margin. And the trend is increasing towards margin -- further margin expansion, and I think that will happen. As important, or more important, pricing has contributed to our ability to write a substantial amount of new business across a broad set of products at relatively higher rates than our renewals, at a 109-plus percent adequacy versus renewals. And so I do see some margin expansion, but I also see how it is contributing to growth. And from what we see, looking at the first quarter right now, pricing is as good. It's very early days, but in January, pricing was as good or better than we saw even in December, which was the best month of the quarter. And that's contributing to us writing substantial amount of new business. I think growth rates going forward are going to look pretty good, too.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay. So -- this is Evan. First of all, yes, we have -- I'm going to say a few things about it. We have -- we don't give a worksheet, so we're giving you a thematic color around it. We only give guidance on a per share basis, and we're not going down that rabbit hole, that's going to give you more than we gave you on investment income or talking about tax rate or any of that. What we've also done though, is we've talked a bit about how we see pricing and revenue and margin, and we've told you that we expect underwriting income to grow substantially. And that's going to happen predominantly growth and some margin. And so -- then the rest is an offsetting. But then let me add a little more color to the guidance because frankly, at the end of the day, it's your results that count. And we've produced pretty good results. The guidance is created -- so I'll give you a little more window into it for -- because you're not the only one who's imagining this question. Guidance is created in December as part of our budget process that we go through. Most of the data, particularly around pricing and that, is third quarter and maybe a very early fourth quarter base. But it's really fundamentally third quarter base data. From what I know now, we're biasing towards the upper end of the guidance range. That's what I see, pricing is better, growth looks good and the acquisitions may produce -- it'll be modest, may produce a modestly better results. And so when I add all that up, I think we bias towards the upper end of it. Now we're in the -- it's early days, it's early in the year, and we'll see how the actual turns out. But I am more bullish than I have been in some time.
Evan G. Greenberg: I will tell you this. In our guidance, we use a normal -- we use what we consider to be a normal crop year. We did it -- we've talked in the past about how we think about our selected when we look forward in a year, which is based on a 10-year average. It would include, therefore, '12's poor year, and in that average, we did the same thing. And if you say soil conditions, I want to remind you of something, that up until mid June last year, it looked like based on soil conditions and moisture and temperature, it looked like we were going to have the best crop year in many, many years. So if any one has figured out a way of predicting future growing conditions, I'm all ears and listening, and by the way, you're in the wrong business.
Evan G. Greenberg: We don't give growth guidance. We do see -- I think we have been delivering. We told you that '12, you take away crop and so you really look at the intrinsic business globally. Beyond that -- and we grew over 7%, so we're deploying capital in growth organically. And I expect that, that kind of trend of growth rate, from what I see right now and how the year is starting, it's starting that stronger, stronger. And so we see a lot of opportunity, which we have talked about quite a bit, in the U.S., in Asia and Latin America and in more secondary parts of the world to continue to grow our business. And that -- and we have the capital, and more importantly, we have the capability and the people and the presence to manage that capital, we think, in a profitable growth way.
Evan G. Greenberg: I'm going to ask Sean Ringsted, our Chief Actuary, and I can guarantee you, the smartest guy in the room we are all sitting in, to answer that question.
Evan G. Greenberg: To say it in one sentence, as I said before, we are seeing what has come through so far is a modest expansion to margin from rate. I add in underwriting selection, and that improves margin expansion and the substantial dividend of being able to write a lot more new business and at better pricing. We see pricing accelerating. It's -- the rate of increases is increasing and has been. And so we're seeing better pricing now. And that should bode, all things being equal, that should bode well for future margins.
Evan G. Greenberg: We are. We're thinking about that. We're mulling that over as to whether it's just not better to break crop out completely. And we're thinking about that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay. So look, here is what you're -- I mean, let's just -- I don't think it's that complicated. But let me add a little color. First of all, when you say ROE, frankly, from our work and with all due respect, I think, we have probably the best insight into our numbers. We'd see the current accident year ROE closer to 10%, in the mid-9.5% plus range, to begin with. And I'd start with that, number one. Number two, revenue growth and pricing and mix of business globally will contribute to substantially more underwriting income. And so when you think of trough year, we see real growth in our business that way. Offsetting that, you do have a decline in investment income because you have a decline in interest rates on a portfolio basis that comes in. You can hardly call '12 trough year for that for the industry, let alone, ACE. ACE is not -- I don't single ACE out on that. And then, as Phil said to you there is, fundamentally, there is a tax rate benefit on the current accident year rate. There is a tax benefit -- there's a rate differential between '12 and '13 that we imagine. And that's what's -- that's offsetting. Both of those things are offsetting. There's a little bit -- not really FX, there's a little bit from, and on a second order of magnitude, from purchase accounting. So other income becomes a little more negative because of purchase accounting on the acquisitions. That was all imagined when we did the acquisitions and said they'll be accretive to begin with. So that's really how we get there. Now you say ROE. We have published a double-digit ROE for quite some time. And based on what I know now, if things develop as they are currently, and no one knows with certainty, I believe we will continue that record of double-digit ROE in 2013.
Evan G. Greenberg: Josh, I think based on the way we just answered the question before, we did not see investment income decline -- or underwriting income growth offset by simply investment income decline. I think we just went through the worst...
Evan G. Greenberg: We talked about -- we just talked about tax and other items, so I think we've answered that question.
Evan G. Greenberg: Josh, we gave guidance for '13. We're not giving any guidance or any indications about '14. We'll see how it plays out.
Evan G. Greenberg: Not much change in net to gross. I think you ought to imagine that -- look, it's steady, we can't get -- we do the best as we can estimating in our budgets from what net to gross will do. But it bounces around within a point or 2, generally from year-to-year. And when we -- it's a big organization and when you add it all up though, any one line that has a higher net to gross, you might be writing a lot more of that, relative when you throw it in to the pot with everything else, it bounces around within a point or 2.
Evan G. Greenberg: Let me add to that. The Life -- there's 3 pieces in there, in that division. There's combined North America, there is -- where margins are steady, and it's about growth. And that business, I think on a published basis in the latter part of '13, begins to show growth. And that ought to, then as you go forward when you're thinking out the next few years, that will contribute to growth in that division. Number two, the life insurance business, which is the international life business, Asia predominantly and Latin America. That produced modest income this year, in '12. It was running negative up until then. So we're now -- it's now starting to contribute, it takes years to build it. And I think in '13, it's going to produce modest income. I think in '14 and on is when it should begin to produce more steady growth in income. So those are 2 positives. Offsetting that, we will have for -- and it will happen for a period of time, number of years, the Life re will run off. And as the Life re runs off, year-by-year, it will produce less income than it produced. So when I look out over the next couple of years, and thank you for not asking it on a quarter basis, when I look out for the next couple of years, I see a pattern of the combined in North America growing in income, I see the Life insurance growing in income, and I see the Life re declining in income, which frankly for the company over a longer term, that's a good thing.
Evan G. Greenberg: Paul, the accounting is prescriptive. That's all -- I mean you don't really have a choice of it. So some intangibles are goodwill. And they don't get amortized, that's what it is. And then the balance of them, you must amortize them as prescribed.
Evan G. Greenberg: Customer list sales force, they attribute a value to all those assets. You got a sales force? They attribute a value to that. And you got to amortize it over a period of time, they'll tell you it's got a shelf life.
Evan G. Greenberg: Jay, we estimate reasonably conservatively about PE distributions. You can't -- they're lumpy, you can't guess them with any certainty. So we don't try to game it, we just come up with what we think conservatively, as you can imagine, and then past that, it is what it is. In this environment right now, as equity markets have risen, there's more -- and with the specter of tax rates going up, there was an acceleration, there was more activity.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. No problem. Here's how I would look at it. I would look at it and say, now, let's see, you're bringing me a company that produces a double-digit ROE and has compounded its wealth growth to shareholders at 12%. So I'm going to look at its track record first. And when I look at that, and then I say, now tell me what the company is trading at. And the company is trading at just over book value and producing that kind of ROE and that kind of book value growth, and -- you got my attention immediately. Then what I look at is I look at -- now tell me about how the earnings, how does that company make its money? And what's the growth potential of that company? Is it a franchise or was it just a flash in the pan? Do I think it has an enduring quality? And do I believe over a reasonable period of time that it has a growth trajectory to it, and that it continues to? I don't look at, by the way, acquisitions on a quarter basis or a half year basis or even a 1-year basis. I look at them over a period of time because it's permanent. And then -- and so I would look at that franchise growth value. And then I'd look at its quality of earnings as well, I'd say, wow, does the company -- the company has 2 sources of income if it's an insurance company, and that's all we buy. So I'd be looking at does it have good underwriting income generation and a margin on its basic business. Does it know its basic business, and can I trust it knows how to navigate its market? And so a good combined ratio is very important to me, and then I look at the balance between investment income and underwriting income. And well, I'll use ACE as an example, I look at the balance between underwriting income and investment income and I look at that combined ratio, and I say, it's pretty darn good. Then I look at its current franchise and what is the capability within that franchise, where are the opportunities. And so that's how I think about its future growth potential then. And finally, I look at its people. So when I add all of that up, I don't know, that's how I think about an acquisition. And if I was in your shoes, that smells pretty good about ACE.
Evan G. Greenberg: There is exposure growth going on, you got it. And we've always said it, and you actually hit the most important point in, frankly, how we manage the company. We think less about premium growth and to manage a P&C company, you're thinking about exposure growth and price to exposure and accumulations of exposure, so that you have the right balance on your balance sheet that you're exposing. We are growing exposure. We're growing exposure, and that reflects itself in the new business we're writing. It also reflects in the clients that we have, who are expanding their business, and as their business grows, we get premium because we've got a price increase, and we've got a price increase against the current exposure and their projected exposure that grows. But new business, our new business is up 44% for the year in North America. That, right there, is exposure growth. And that is offset by exposure reduction, which is on your renewal ratio. And then the 2 together, minus price, is the revenue growth you got, and that's a pretty good proxy for exposure. So exposure is growing, just what you want from an underwriting company when they see pricing is going to produce a positive underwriting margin.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, it's the right question, it's what can you earn right now. And the way I think about it is this, and we've said this many times, but it's a good time to think about it again. For us, our natural governor is on an underwriting profit, okay? If you can't earn an underwriting profit in the basic business for all the reasons we could talk about, but that's our redline, then you have to walk away. So it's -- then we say to ourselves, "What kind of return is that producing?" We actually aren't saying, you've got to get this ROE at this moment in time. We say, over the cycle we intend to earn 15%, and we've been pretty good at doing that. But at a moment like this, if you put -- if you take the current interest rates and you take an underwriting profit and you say in the casualty lines, you're running in the 95% or the 96% range, all in, maybe a little lower but bouncing around that, just picking a number, you're going to produce a single-digit ROE at the current interest rates. But you're producing a positive underwriting return, and that's the way we think about it. That's how you then blend with all lines of business to this sort of 9.5-plus percent ROE for current accident year only. And we generally -- because we think it's the right way to run, we're prudent and conservative of how we think about reserving. And which generally, at least to date, has resulted in future years, the current accident year has produced more margin, which you then add to your 9.5, and that's how you get at that double-digit and that is adequate to us.
Evan G. Greenberg: I love you, Ian. Everyone here is cheering, because we've said that to ourselves, too, it's, "My God, why are we doing guidance?"
Evan G. Greenberg: The only place I see that is really in the U.K. right now. The continent is languishing relatively flat, and I'm going to let -- and I don't see it in Latin America or in Asia. I'm going to let John talk about it, maybe to give you a little more color on U.K.
Michael Nannizzi: One question I had is just internally, how much opportunity do you have for capital deployment, whether it's in international, on the personal line side? And is there some information you can share with us in terms of what you expect to see from that sort of organic growth in terms of investing internally? And just one follow-up.
Michael Nannizzi: So when you say that you're seeing -- so if you look at a granular level, Sean, if -- are you seeing rate on a written basis or an earned basis in excess of loss trend more often than not, or...
Michael Nannizzi: And one last one. I know you spent a lot of time in this release talking about crop. I mean, at some point, would you consider breaking out crop? I know we talked about this all the time. But last year being obviously a big divergence between that and your non-crop business, I just would love if you'd take that into consideration at some point.
