Philip Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We completed the year with a very strong overall financial position. Businesses and investment performance produced positive cash flow of $1.4 billion for the quarter and $6.3 billion for the year. Our total capital grew to over $70 billion and our cash and invested assets grew $8.6 billion for the year, to $111 billion. In addition, as Evan mentioned our book and tangible book value per share were 11.7% and 18.6%, respectively. For the year, excluding unrealized gains from declining interest rates book and tangible book value per share grew 5.5% and 8.1%, respectively. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $650 million to shareholders, including $340 million in dividends and $310 million in share repurchases. For the year, we returned $2.9 billion to shareholders, including $1.4 billion in dividends and over $1.5 billion in share repurchases at an average price of $146.61 per share. In December, we issued $1.6 billion of five-year and 10-year debt in the European market at an average interest rate of 0.59%. For the year, we have issued $2.8 billion of euro debt and paid out of $500 million of debt that mature. This debt produced to fund certain future debt maturities and other corporate uses. Our annualized core operating ROE for the year was 9% and our core operating return on tangible equity was 14.6%. As previously announced in December, we increased our ownership stake in Huatai Insurance Group to 30.9% and agreed to purchase another 22.4% in two separate transactions, contingent on certain approvals and other conditions. We will hold a majority stake when we complete the second transaction. Until then, we continue to apply equity accounting to our Huatai ownership. Adjusted net investment income for the quarter was $893 million pretax and $3.6 billion pretax for the year. The investment income in the quarter was slightly below our previous guidance due to lower than expected private equity distributions. While there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income, we now expect our quarterly run rate to be in the range of $885 million to $895 million. After-tax net realized and unrealized gains were $268 million for the quarter and $3 billion for the year, primarily from a decline in interest rates in the fixed income portfolio. Net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $430 million pretax, or $350 million after-tax, as previously announced and are further detailed in the financial supplement. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $233 million pretax, or $199 million after-tax. This is net of $74 million adverse development from our legacy run off exposure principally related to asbestos. The remaining favorable development of $307 million is split approximately 67% in long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2015 and prior and 33% in short-tail lines. The full year agriculture combined ratio was 95.1%, compared with 75.5% in the prior year, or a decline of $296 million in underwriting income from higher crop losses. Given this year's results, we do not expect the 2019 crop year to develop anywhere near as favorably in 2020, as the 2018 year developed in the first quarter of 2019. As a reminder, we had positive development of over $60 million in last year's first quarter. On a constant dollar basis, net loss reserves decreased $118 million in the quarter, reflecting the impact of catastrophe loss statements, favorable prior period development and crop insurance payments in the quarter. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 106%. After adjusting for the items noted above, the paid-to-incurred ratio was 98%. For the year, net loss reserves increased $514 million on a constant dollar basis. On a reported basis, the paid-to-incurred ratio for the year was 99% and was 92% adjusted for the items noted above. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 14.2%, which is in line with our annual expected range, although, is there at the lower end of the range given the impact of catastrophe losses in the quarter. For the year, our core operating effective tax rate was 14.9%. For 2020, we expect our annual core operating effective tax rate to continue to be in the range of 14% to 16%. I'll turn the call back to - I mean, Karen, sorry.
Philip Bancroft: Yes. It's way too early for that. We're evaluating it. We'll continue to evaluate it, but I'm not ready to give you an impact on tangible at this point.
Philip Bancroft: There were a couple of items in the prior year related to pension and other benefits that benefited this last year. And so it makes it look like an increase this year.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I don't think about it that way. And not how an underwriting organization really thinks about it. Your question is, in a sense, be simplistic. We quote the rates and prices and underwriting terms that we require in each line of business, to earn what we think is an adequate risk adjusted return as expressed by a combined ratio in that line of business. It then all mixes together in portfolio, which you then see as an overall published average combined ratio. And so you can't in the commercial P&C business, which runs higher than the average that you look at, as a whole company. You then dig down by line and there are lines of business that are - that we think are adequate now, or maybe a bit above the adequate in some cases, and there are lines of business that are below adequate, and we'll continue to drive for rate. Wherever we see adequacy and we like the risk-reward, we're hardly holding back on growth. And I think the question is a little ironic this quarter, when you're asking it in the backdrop of fundamentally a 10% growth rate on an organization of this size. I hope that helps you.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it's pretty - it's pretty simple. About one-third of it, as - of the increase is related to one-time items last year that, that benefited last year's expense ratio, from about one-third of it is, is mix of business, where it's business runs a lower loss ratio, higher expense ratio, and some of the partnerships we have will have that signature to them, because the mix of product is a lower loss ratio related. And the third is investments we've been making in certain businesses, particularly in Asia and to a degree in Latin America to grow - for future growth, and we'll grow into our sleeves there and the expense ratio will ameliorate and improve.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. No. Yes, without going into too much detail, just to give the shape of that a little bit. First of all, I don't agree with your last comment. I think, it's - I don't - it's not how we see it. D&O is an old story. We've been talking about it for a while. Frequency and severity both moved up, but that was a couple of years ago. And we've seen it pretty steady at that elevated level. We don't see that continuing to deteriorate overall, and that's all classes that we've mixed together in there. There are some classes, individual classes, sub-classes that, that have an increasing frequency, but overall. In primary casualty, we're seeing severity stable. We haven't - in the risk transfer primary casualty area, we haven't noticed a deterioration. In workers comp, in the risk transfer comp business through the year, we've seen an increase of severity, particularly on the '18 and '19 years. And by the way, so all of our loss cost trends, we're comfortable with our OpEx. And we're constantly looking at updated data. And the trends we see are reflected in our loss cost fix for the year, for the back years and inform us as we go forward into the '20 year. I hope that helps you.
Evan Greenberg: We're experienced, we're informed in our underwriting from past pandemics and/or potential pandemics. SARs was a good run at this. And given our underwriting position, and how we think about supply chains, and how we think about property in the perils we cover, et cetera. We see very minimal loss exposure on this. We have a very small, almost non-exist and accident and health business in China. And we don't see - we imagine modest impact from everything we can tell, from economic slowdown or economic activity. But time will tell in that regard. We don't know the true infection rate likely and we don't know when this is going to peak. And so that's what I can give you based on what we know today.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. You're asking me a bunch of questions that you know, I'm not going to answer much, Elyse, but I admire you for asking. Look, I can't - I'm not going to prognosticate the balance of the year. I mean, the only thing I'll tell you is this, I think growth, we ran about 7% in '19, and I think that will be in the range, if not better in the '20 underwriting year is my sense of it, but no guarantees and there's always a little volatility quarter-to-quarter given some seasonality and mix of business. So, you never see it in just some steady way. On pricing, I think, it endures. The fundamentals speak to it. And so the environment we see is the environment I imagine and will continue for some time, it's rational. And there are many reasons for it. And there is nothing that I see that tells me the momentum will slow. If anything, it's picked up, and it is spreading more broadly. Industry needs rate and needs it in quite a number of classes and across the globe. And then you're in a low interest rate environment and you can hardly rely on investment income to bail you out. And the industry needs rate because rate has just not kept pace with loss cost trends for quite a number of years. The math is so simple. People seem to over intellectualize this. And then on the other side of the coin, in the numerator, there are a few discrete classes where the loss environment is more hostile, and that is out there. That is understood. That is known and you either recognized it and reflected it in your reserves and in your loss picks and pricing in the past come, or it's something that you're doing with currently and is in front of you. But I think that just varies by organization.
Evan Greenberg: I'm not - that is a treaty-by-treaty book of business by book of business decision. We make rational decisions around all of that. And so I'm not going to make any general statements about that.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, sure. And by the way, we saw it, two years or three years ago, it's three years we've been talking about it, because it was the '17 year, '17, '18, '19. So, sorry, even longer. You know, look, you get notices. Notices turn into - you get notices of circumstance. You get - you then get notices of claim. You get those turning into incurs. And then ultimately they move to cash flow. And those who have large books of this, teach and play both the primary and the excess they see it and they play. First, layer excess they see it earlier and have a sense of it, have the data, have the experience to know, which cases are going to turn into which - what kind of loss. And what is a realistic loss amount around that case? They have the data and understanding to see it law firm behavior. And by the way, the nature of the type of claims that are changing and how they're being made. And so you get a sense of all of that early if you're in the position and which we are, and we're a market leader that way. And we see it on a global basis. We could look at it early. There are others who just - they arrive at it late and they arrive at it when it turns into incurred and paid losses. And you get an education, but you pay a tuition for it.
Evan Greenberg: I think you are - I think you're confused - I'm sorry, maybe we're looking at different numbers for you confused. We grew, first of all, on a published basis at 9%. When you adjust for the California reinsurance, which we placed last year and it had a bigger impact last year than this year because we made a premium transfer to them of unearned premium. If you understand how that works. And therefore the adjusted real growth rate is 4.5%. If you look back on previous quarters, is our best growth in premium terms and the year. And it has a combination of rate and a reasonable level of retention as we also shape the portfolio, and there are areas where we're eliminating exposure and by the way we got 13 points of price change in the quarter.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, sure. First of all, I don't know who you're thinking of as a competitor, but we don't write general market homeowners. We write only affluent. And the share of market we have in there is - and our reach, our national reach on that business is just five-fold. The loss costs in the homeowners business are running in that 8% range. They have been for some time. Cost of materials, cost of labor, and there is a labor shortage and materials particularly at the high end, are very expensive. Business interruption, business interruption, homeowners out of their homes, interrupted an extra living expense is up, because there is more remediation work in a claim than there was in the past more around mold and other conditions that people are more concerned about and that are focused on and get attention. And then frequency of loss as contributed particularly in non-weather water-related, which we've talked about for some time and others have the same issues. So, when you add all that up, those are the main contributing factors to loss costs trend. I don't see it ameliorating by the way, not much.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It takes into account everything we know in our portfolio. So, I'm not leaving anything out. However, on the reviver statute changes only - there's notices. There is notice activity and filing of claims. Like there is very little information at this moment to respond to. And that's going to be in my judgment quite a while developing. And I don't - there is not much to respond to at this point. Just take New York for example, all of the cases are being consolidated with one court and judge, who's going to just figure out how to move forward with these in a structured way. So the rules and the process by which these will be adjudicated is yet to be determined. So you can't take discovery. You can't get information. You can't do anything right now. And that's the plaintiff and the defendant, let alone then the insurer that is a derivative of all of this. So it's going to evolve over a period of time, but right now, anything we know where it's - where it can be estimated is in our numbers.
Evan Greenberg: How would I characterize it? I'd characterize it as darn good. There you go. And look last year we did take some reserve charge, you will recall. So think about it, for a short-tail that did not repeat. And we've recognized a higher loss pick for that. And the improvement is a combination of earned rate underwriting, which frankly is more powerful than the earned rate and actions we take in that regard. And that's about it, because we had seen a lot of change in loss environment.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. And I don't think of that as legacy. I think of that is current. It's like other mass story that exists. So I don't see legacy in that. It's - when it comes to opioid, you got to make - we don't cover - insurance doesn't cover financial loss. We cover a loss due to bodily injury property damage. And you have to have that clear linkage in liabilities. You got approved liability. And you got to prove in liability that have resulted in bodily injury and property damage, and/or property damage. And the cases that are brought against pharma right now, are brought for financial loss, because the municipalities and society had a big financial penalty as a result of the overuse of opioids. That's what's alleged. Then making the case to Insurance. Well, you've got - there's plenty of - you got to leap the hurdle, I just said in that regard. You got to be able to demonstrate that you didn't know that you weren't aware when you bought insurance that these things were going on and other defenses. And so right now as far as coverage and what exist, we look at our portfolio through that lens and through those eyes and that we see an estimated liability. We reflected in our records - in our books and records and therefore, our reserves.
Evan Greenberg: You know what Ryan, welcome to the insurance business. It varies by insured and a) both intellectually and their own character of do they - do you understand the spirit of intent. And then versus let's go torture the language and see what we can get. And so it's all over the lot, always all over.
Evan Greenberg: No. And what I gave you, Meyer, was simply, which is kind of an over simplistic way of doing it. What I said to you was that pricing was up 8.5 in North America, all the businesses rolled up. And when that it was made up of 9 in rate and the half and exposure. That - negative exposure. That exposure change is just - we have businesses with positive exposure change in - more in the middle market and small commercial and then it jumps all over the lot in the large account business. And so, I wouldn't - there is - it's got puts and calls in it. There is no general theme to read into that whatsoever.
Evan Greenberg: It can bounce around a little bit year-by-year. You don't know, it will depend on interest rate levels and all that at the end of this year, how it will look versus the year before.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think we're picking up market share, but as far as unit, I think the numbers are trying to demonstrate that, but unit growth, we don't have a unit growth number for you.
Evan Greenberg: That's very different than - that's very different than is Chubb in its written premium growing exposure or we're growing exposure.
Evan Greenberg: No. Latin America is growing quite well. Europe grows at an unexciting sort of steady rate, low single digit. It's Asia Pac, where the underlying activity is very good and it's growing well, but we lost a client, Siam Commercial Bank earlier in the year and we talked about that and that has impacted that growth rate year-on-year. And what you'll see as the year goes along that A&H growth will pickup.
Evan Greenberg: Well, we do. We have a fully-owned, and Chubb Insurance is a wholly owned, completely 100% foreign invested. And if you want to go in that direction, that's the 100-year plan or more. We have with Huatai 600 offices around the country. We have most all provinces. It's a life insurance company that - and foreigners have just been allowed to now own majority in life insurance. But it has a life insurance company that we built and help to build that is doing, closing on $1 billion revenue. It's got P&C company doing that $1.5 billion or so. Got a retail mutual fund license. Good luck getting one of those. It's got so much capability that it gives us to build from. And if you go simply as a foreigner entering China, de novo to build it is very hot style both the regulatory and the business environment. And very difficult to get it done. You have to do it province-by-province. You got to go city-by-city. And not simply you get it at a national level, it's not how it works in China. So this is a very precious asset, if we execute well in recognizing the future value of that asset.
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't. And you know, I've been doing business there for almost 30 years. So I know something about the environment there. And approach it with my eyes open and from a perspective that I'm going to - that's the perspective with which I'm going to give you the next comment. When we have majority. We have very clear control. Right now we have substantial influence and control to do more things in there. But obviously, with the majority is when you have clear control, that will happen relatively near-term. And secondly, China is like doing business anywhere. If you're a builder of business versus an investor, then you understand it not in some sterile way and that is that every territory, every country. China in particular are complicated and they have a risk around them. There is no guarantees. But the opportunity, if you execute well, and the opportunity in China is simply dramatic. It's a country of a lot of talented people. Our ability to source talent, ability to recognize leadership, our ability to use talent that we have around the region and around the world, including Chinese, we have those tools and those advantages. And we've got it's a country of relationships. We have a lot of them. And so it is again not without risk, but given the reward and the potential, and that it is the largest and what will be the largest economy in the world and it's the second largest now, well, I'll tell you what. It's not a hard decision to make that the long-term potential value creation for this organization. And that's what it's about long-term value creation.
Evan Greenberg: Sure, it is. I am - first of all, I think tangible is your most constraining factor, when you are - when you in a balance sheet risk business. You can only pay claims against tangible. Can only grow your revenue and exposure to the extent of your tangible wherewithal. You can only borrow and you can only make acquisition to the extent of tangible, to your most constraining factor. Tangible is also the purest. Book, straight book has accounting, what I'd say is, more accounting related within it's more subjective than objective. When I look at the return on equity versus tangible return on equity, tangible is the one I have my eye on more for value creation. When I look at equity and return on equity, the Chubb, I look at it over a long-term. And you said it right to me, depends on, it varies by company and you have to able to assess that. The goodwill, I think is an appreciating asset in this company, not a - hardly a depreciating or a stagnant. It opened the path to such future value creation of the organization that is occurring over time and will occur over time. And the goodwill you grow into that goodwill and because it's an appreciating asset, the Chubb and ACE combination that created most of that, created that value that way. So that's how we see it. And I think it's the right balance and how we think about value creation. So, thanks for the question, I didn't take it as argumentative.
