John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. As with the case in last year's first quarter, the big story for the property and casualty insurance industry this past quarter was the usually high level of natural catastrophes around the globe. For Chubb, this resulted in total catastrophe losses of $270 million before tax. As a reminder, when we filed our 2010 Form 10-K in late February, we disclosed in the subsequent events section a loss estimate of $150 million to $200 million before tax for 2011 catastrophe events we could quantify as of that date. The New Zealand earthquake had just occurred, and as we indicated in the 10-K, it was too early to include an estimate for that event. After the filing, there were 5 additional catastrophes in the United States and the earthquake in Japan, which together with the New Zealand earthquake, brought our current estimate to $270 million. Dino will provide more detail in a few minutes. The impact of catastrophes translate into 9.5 points of the combined ratio and reduced our first quarter results by $0.59 per share. Nevertheless, we produced a combined ratio of 93.7% and operating income of $1.35 per share. Our x cat combined ratio for the quarter was a strong 84.2%.  Net written premiums were up 3% for the second consecutive quarter, an encouraging sign. This increase, which was unaffected by currency fluctuation, was driven by strong growth overseas and positive growth in the United States.  During the first quarter, we had net realized investment gains of $160 million before tax or $0.35 per share after tax largely from our alternative investments. This brought our first quarter net income per share to an especially strong $1.70, up 22% over last year, resulting in annualized ROE of 13.1%. GAAP book value per share at March 31, 2011 was $53.26. That's a 2% increase since year end 2010 and an 11% increase since March 31, 2010.  Our capital position is excellent. During the first quarter, we increased our common stock dividend for the 29th consecutive year. We also continue to actively buy back our stock as Ricky will discuss later. And now Paul will review the performance of Chubb's Commercial and Specialty Insurance operations.
John Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. In a difficult catastrophe environment, Chubb performed extremely well in the first quarter. Here are the highlights. We had operating income per share of $1.35 despite a $0.59 per share impact of catastrophe losses. We had net realized investment gains of $0.35 per share, largely from our alternative investments, which brought our net income per share to $1.70 and annualized net income ROE to 13.1%. Book value per share increased by $1.02 since 2010 year end to $53.26.  Our x cat combined ratio was very strong at 84.2%. Premiums grew an encouraging 3% for the second consecutive quarter. We continue to manage our capital by buying back our shares and by increasing our dividend by 5%.  In summary, we had a very good first quarter despite substantial cat losses. There are varying opinions among industry observers about whether the recent cat events will trigger hardening at the market. Instead of speculating, we'll focus on executing on the things we do well, which are disciplined underwriting, taking care of customers by paying claims fairly and promptly, prudent investing, maintaining a strong balance sheet and actively managing our capital. These are the true differentiators, which we believe will enable us to continue to provide significantly above-average returns to our investors. And with that, I'll open the line to your questions.
John Finnegan: You never can say there's nothing ever, but I would say that we're not an active looker in the mergers and acquisitions area. We haven't been and we're not now.
John Finnegan: Jay, just a little perspective. I hear that question often and certainly there's a kernel of truth to it, but I think it focuses on the new entrants and forgets about what's happened to some of the previous competitors. When I came here, I have a good snapshot, I came here 8 years ago, and at the time we had 2 big competitors in the high net worth area, one of whom was growing and becoming more aggressive. And today, the one that became more aggressive is far less aggressive and the second is imploding. So they've been replaced by 1 or 2 other competitors who are definitely being more aggressive coming in the business. But it's hard to say whether it's more competitive now than it was then.
John Finnegan: I think commercial feels a little better than it has been over the past few quarters. The numbers would support that to a certain degree, but they're not overwhelming, but the feel is a little bit better. Specialty, I think the feel is that it didn't worsen, but we haven't seen any significant turnaround.
John Finnegan: I don't know that we've seen a major breakthrough here. We're still talking sort of directionally and feel. I will say that given what's happened in the industry, it may be true that loss trends are benign, but if you take the commercial industry, I think we get flat rate and most others don't get that, they get negative rate and loss trends aren't that benign. Ultimately, you do have margin compression. I think all the projections for the industry this year are that combined ratios will be higher than they were last year. And in the first quarter, we began to see cat activity that was pretty significant. So you're right, there are factors that impact the market in both directions. But it's been a pretty darn tough market for a while. There may be a few things that are sort of moving it the other way. Again, it's a feel rather than a hard data supported opinion at the time, not right now, but it's a feel.
John Finnegan: Let me answer it a little generally first and then Dino, you could -- I mean, expense ratios are affected obviously by a number of factors. One is the numerator, total expenses, one is the denominator, premiums written that applies to individual line. In addition, though, what is the driving force behind it, one, how much you're spending, but that's also a function of your business mix. Certain businesses, personal lines, for example, have a little bit higher commission rate than others. Other businesses, workers comp, have a lower commission rate. So you'll see different expense ratios depending on business mix. Also because of variety of reasons, it depends on geography. Overseas, you generally pay more in commissions than you do in the U.S. We've had a growing overseas business, so some of the increases you see in our overall expense ratio reflects that fact with better overseas. Fortunately, the loss rations are little bit better, so it's a good offset. As you talk about personal lines, personal lines has been an area where we've had an especially large improvement in our business overseas. Personal lines growth has been largely accounted for by our overseas business. So again, because of the higher commissions there, you're seeing a higher expense ratio in personal lines, but you're still seeing a very good combined ratio.
John Finnegan: I would think that where you see that, it would be more accident and health. But the scale building is people and some systems, but not a lot. I think it's -- largely in the other lines, it's related to commission surcharge.
John Finnegan: First of all, really, we're not talking new markets. I mean, the countries that we're strongest in, with the exception of Brazil, are the traditional commonwealth brokerage countries where we've been forever. I mean, so our reputation and brand is similar. It's only, for the most part, it's really Brazil where we've been very successful so far. But that said, that's a one-off. The rest of it is pretty much like the U.S. And we've been there for several decades in Brazil.
John Finnegan: Let me -- it's really not that significant a change. But let me say, as I think, if you do the numbers, CCI looks like it's a little bit above 92 on an x cat accident year basis. So that's about 2 points or so above last year's first quarter. Some of that is a little bit of non-cat related weather, although, that's mostly applicable to personal lines. Some of it is just the general deterioration year-over-year. However, there's a certain lumpiness even here. If you, for example, compare the 92.3% this quarter, 2011, to the calendar year 2009 and 2010, this quarter is actually better on an x cat accident year basis than 2009 and 2010. So first quarter last year was a very good quarter compared to the rest of 2010. So we're up a little from that, but we're really down, we're down a full point from the calendar year 2010.
John Finnegan: Well, I think we talked a little about the fourth quarter last year, in the accident year last year. What we're talking about is if you go back to 2008, obviously, the accident year picks were pretty high for that year because we were in the middle of the credit crisis. 2009, we've had some residual effects from the credit crisis we were trying to accommodate. As we got into 2010, we brought down our combined ratios, our initial accident year picks on a basis that we didn't expect to have it anywhere near as many cats, what we recall cat claims in a specialty sense which were credit crisis made-of type claims. And looks like we were, at least at this point, looks like we are right. 2011, we've seen almost a total end to those type of claims. So we're feeling a little bit more confident about the environment. Now in specialty, while it's still subject to the same rules of rate movements versus loss trends, any individual period is much more affected by the absence or the presence of systematic events. And you look back over that 2008, 2009 period, you have much bigger systematic events.
John Finnegan: Personal lines down a little in the U.S. and specialty of course was down overall, so it was down in the U.S.
John Finnegan: We feel we've left some good auto business on the table before and with existing customers on the homeowner’s side, and we're going after it a little bit more aggressively. And to do so, it sure helps to have a better pricing model. That pricing model Panorama is a little bit of a catch-up to where a lot of the other industry competitors who have much bigger auto books what they have currently.
John Finnegan: I don't know that we've -- I know we've done that analysis because I'm not sure if that's imminent. We have a significant capital position, so it would obviously depend on a few things. One, you'd have to get rate that's so attractive that the returns are better than the buybacks, of course. Second, you'd have to determine whether or not you could do both. I mean, the question would be then, what would be the impact on your capital position of having increased premiums? That would be a function of not only rate, but presumably, if you're getting better rate, it might be a better economic environment, you might be getting better exposure, better premium base. So it's an evaluation we're always ready to do. But then there's certainly no commercial rate price trigger for a decision on the stock buyback program.
Paul Krump: Thanks, John. The Chubb Commercial Insurance net written premiums for the first quarter were up 7% to $1.3 billion. The combined ratio was 100.7% versus 93.8% in the first quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI's first quarter combined ratio was 84.5% in 2011 compared to 82.4% in 2010.  In the United States, while the standard commercial market remained competitive, we were encouraged that CCI renewal rates were flat, a slight improvement from the fourth quarter. Retention for the first quarter was a strong 87%, 1 point better than the fourth quarter and up 3 points from the first quarter a year ago.  Our new-to-lost business ratio was 1.3:1 in both this year's first quarter and last year's fourth quarter compared to 1.0:1 in the first quarter last year.  We saw continued signs that the overall economy is getting better in the United States. For example, our CCI renewal exposure was flat for the quarter, a solid improvement compared to negative 2% in the first quarter a year ago. And as was the case in the fourth quarter of 2010, our growth included additional premiums from mid-term endorsements for such items as equipment purchases and from workers' compensation products that reflected larger payrolls. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums for the first quarter were down 1% to $639 million. CSI's combined ratio was 82.4% versus 80.9% in the first quarter of 2010. Net written premiums for professional liability were down 3% and the combined ratio was 86.8% compared to 86.2% in the first quarter of 2010. Renewal rates for professional liability in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2011 were down 3%, and the renewal retention was 87%. Both percentages are identical to those in the fourth quarter of 2010.  The new-to-lost business ratio for professional liability was 1.1:1 in the first quarter, also the same as last quarter. For Surety, net written premiums in the first quarter were up 16% and the combined ratio was 50.5%. Surety's strong growth resulted from existing customers, winning new bond-able projects both in and outside of the United States. As you know, Surety is a very lumpy business and the environment continues to be challenging. With respect to general market conditions in the Specialty business, we are not seeing as many encouraging signs as we are in CCI. However, competition appears to be stabilizing. The market for professional liability lines remains the most competitive as a result of relatively benign industry claim trends and newer market entrants, particularly on the excess D&O layers. The price competition is greatest in directors and officers for publicly traded companies including financial institutions, which comprises some 20% of our professional liability book. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dino, who will review personal lines and claims.
Paul Krump: Good evening, Keith. First, the recent pickup in CCI's growth is coming from a combination of several factors as you suggest. First, renewal retention has been very strong as indicated by the 87% we saw this quarter. Second, insurable exposures are no longer declining as they had been until recently due to the weak economy. Our average renewal exposure change has improved to flat, for example, where it was negative through third Q of 2010. Endorsement and auto premiums have also improved. The new business is up modestly. Although the market environment remains quite competitive, we still do find opportunities. And finally, about 1 point of that growth this quarter is due to reinsurance premium reinstatement effect due to the events in last year's first quarter. As a point of reference, new business in CCI in the first quarter made up about 16% of the total portfolio. That's the exact percentage of what new business made up of the new business to the total in 2010.
Paul Krump: Sure. I would tell you that all up in CCI -- let me take them one at a time here. First of all, we were real pleased that retention was up. We were pleased that rates aren't falling down. We were able to write a modicum more of new business. Auto premiums, endorsements were also real positive, so I would tell you that we fought the competition. It was encouraging. John's point about personal lines just a few minutes ago is applicable here. There's always competition, whether the market is so-called hard or so-called soft. But I would tell you that we're pleased with where we sit right now in CCI. As respect CSI, I commented that the most competitive place is publicly traded D&O. That really is probably across the board for Chubb, the most competitive area we have. Again, there's a difference there though between what we see in not-for-profit employment practices liability, crime, financial fidelity, et cetera. And we continue to grow that book of business. In fact, right now, the for-profit non-public business is larger than the public business for us. So it's competitive out there in the public space, but that, again, is not unexpected.
Paul Krump: Sure. This is Paul. You're seeing the losses coming through in Australia in both the personal lines and in the commercial lines. You'd see them in the commercial lines both in CMP and in the property marine space. I think, Dino mentioned that New Zealand and Japan were virtually all commercial losses. So you'll see those in the property space and in the packaged space.
Paul Krump: If you're talking about premiums, I can give you some perspective. And then Dino could reiterate the numbers on the losses. About 74% of our premiums come from the United States, 26% come, obviously, from outside the United States. The split is basically, 10 points of those 26 points come out of Europe. The remaining 16 points from overseas is pretty evenly split between Asia, Latin America and Canada. If you look at it on -- by SBU basis, all three of the SBUs really hover right around 25, 26 points or so of premium coming from outside the United States. When you look at countries like Japan and New Zealand, basically any losses emanating there from large multinational customers because we really don't write indigenous risk there given the quake potential, so we save that for those larger multinational accounts where we get an inherent spread of risk.
Paul Krump: Yes. This is Paul. Similar to what Dino just said. Both Dino and I have been here for almost 30 years, and we've been part of management building the businesses for a very long time, so we like the businesses we're in. We're always looking for new opportunities. I'd suggest our move into Lloyd's last year was one example. So where I was looking around at adjacencies and ways to improve the business, but ultimately, we love our brand, we love what we do in the claims side and we're going to continue to do that.
Richard Spiro: Hey, Keith, it's Ricky. I think I'll take that one. The answer to your first question is we do use RMS as one of our models. I think it's still too early to draw any definitive conclusions from the data from the new model. We'll know more over the coming months as we better understand the model and validate its impact on our book of business. This work includes ensuring data accuracy, testing the assumptions of the new model and calculating return periods by line and in the aggregate. It also involves thinking about the potential impact of actions on our customers, agents and other constituencies. Having said that, let me make a few general comments. First, it's become clear that relying on a single cat model was less than ideal. So over the past few years, we have considered multiple views and this most recent model change will be considered in that context. Second, directionally, similar to the estimated impact for the industry as a whole, we would expect that our PMLs in the aggregate will increase under the new model, but it's too soon to definitively say by how much. And going forward, we'll continue to analyze results of the new model, and we will review our business, capital and reinsurance needs as appropriate.
Richard Spiro: We did not use the new model for our North American treaty. We have to build 40-plus regional portfolios in order to get ready for our April 1 renewal. And since we only received the model in late February, that was an impossibility. So therefore, all of our modeling and the subsequent marketing to the reinsurers is with the old RMS version 9 model. Whether or not any of the reinsurers tried to run our portfolio through their new model, we don't know. But if they did, it wasn't apparent to us in the renewal negotiation.
Richard Spiro: No. I don't think you should be reading anything into it. I think we've laid out clearly on this call, in my prepared remarks and in the prior call what our plan is in terms of our existing authorization. And we intend to, barring any unforeseen circumstances, complete the program by January 2012.
Richard Spiro: And, Gregory, in terms of our financials, in our supplementary investor information that we posted on the website, on Page 10 of that document, you can see that the breakout between our U.S. business and our outside the U.S. business.
Richard Spiro: Let me maybe just back up a second. Because this is where we're get into speculation a little bit, and I rather just stick with the facts. I mean, what we're seeing in a place like Chile, where we had an earthquake last year, is that we're seeing large property rate increases. We're seeing deductibles double and triple. And we're seeing clients work with us on our mandatory loss control recommendations. Right now, frankly, it's just too early in Australia to tell you what is exactly going to happen. That said, we are quoting rate increases and we’re encouraged from the very early signs. As I mentioned before about New Zealand and Japan, we're really not in those marketplaces other than for risk domicile outside of them that had some incidental exposure in those countries. So we're not a good -- a bellwether for that. With respect to the very large markets of Europe and the United States, we have yet to see any kind of firming in those markets because of these large catastrophes outside the United States. That doesn't surprise us because it basically takes some time for those types of things to wash through.
Richard Spiro: Yes, we were real pleased. This is a small line and it is very lumpy. We had about a dozen clients, existing clients win bondable new projects. So it's very hard to predict when they're going to actually get these jobs and if they get these jobs, so I won't read too much into just 3 months. We're pleased to take them when we can. We think we've got a really good surety book of business. We have seen some new competitors enter the surety space. Our forte really is pristine, midsize and larger contractors. We really have just a couple of competitors there. Oftentimes, these large contractors need lots of capacity and actually look to co-surety. So we're very comfortable with our book of business in that space. So, again, this is one where our profile is a little bit different than the market.
Richard Spiro: So I was going to say specifically on your other insurance that you referenced, you had the 2 dynamics that John just referenced. The other insurance is down 6%, so you've got the revenue down, which will affect the expense ratio. And in that line of business, we have our accident and health, which we are clearly interested in growing and investing in. So you've got both the dynamics on the, specifically, the other insurance that you asked about.
Richard Spiro: Sure. But I think in general, in terms of what years the favorable developments coming overall, it was largely from 2007 and prior. We still were favorable, I think, in the 2008 to 2010 years as well, but less so than in those earlier years. In terms of CCI specifically, the majority of the favorable development was in casualty and it was driven by our commercial excess business.
Richard Spiro: The other classes within CCI were modestly favorable as well, with some offset on a couple of other lines.
Dino Robusto: Yes, it was. Thank you. Yes, we have had a mail campaign and what we are doing is targeting our homeowner insured’s for which we don't have auto and providing a mailing out there. We actually have gotten a pretty good response rate, about a 10% response rate. And we're quoting on the business. And our hit ratios are a little bit above what we had anticipated. So actually, the mail campaign is working out a little bit better than expected. And we're going to continue it through 2011.
Dino Robusto: No. There's nothing really that we're planning on changing in our advertising strategy. We've got some good momentum with the economy that's picked up. And as we indicated a little earlier, we're growing the portfolio. And we're going to just keep on doing what we're doing with our valued partners in the distribution network.
Dino Robusto: Yes, there's clearly -- this market has attracted some new competitors. But we feel very comfortable with our position. We believe we've got a world-class brand and a franchise that are unique within our industry. And the important thing is it wasn't created overnight. Our position in the high net worth market is the product of almost 30 years of experience of offering broad coverages and settling claims. We've appraised about 700,000 high-end homes. We've paid over 1 million claims. And we've developed some real expertise in satisfying the unique needs of our high-value customers so. It's been very profitable, so we understand why competitors are chasing the high net worth market. But there are barriers to success that we believe are difficult to surmount. And we continue to raise those barriers with new products and services. And I think this innovation is going to continue to keep us as number 1.
Dino Robusto: Based on this -- Hi, it's Dino. I mean, based on the success that personal lines has had over the decades and everyone that's led it before, I think that the best thing to do is to continue to move it forward the way we have been. And really, that is the mission and the priority in personal lines. Keep doing what we're doing in the United States and outside the United States. And hopefully, that will be enough for me to make an impact.
Dino Robusto: So let me just talk about personal lines in general outside the U.S. relative to where we have our premium, and I'll comment specifically on auto. Canada's our second largest jurisdiction relative to personal lines premium. And there, we target the same customer profile as we have in the United States. Their mix by product is consistent. Canada now is not as litigious as the U.S., so we write slightly less personal excess coverage, offset by slightly more automobile. Latin America is our next largest geography outside the United States, with the bulk of the business coming from Brazil. Now Brazil is the only jurisdiction where our product mix differs because of large proportion of our business that you see comes from auto. This is driven by a much lower demand for homeowners and valuable articles coverage. However, and this is the important point, our target market profile for auto is similar to the U.S. as we compete only at the high end of the market and we do so profitably. Then we move on to next largest geography, is Europe, where the bulk of the business comes from the U.K. and Ireland and the target profile is similar to the U.S. and Canada. And finally in our Asia-Pacific region, it's our smallest geography. The bulk of the premium there is in Australia. We have minimal exposure in Singapore and Japan.
Dino Robusto: In places like Canada, obviously, the United Kingdom, Australia, is the standard. It's the same type of distribution network as it is in here. And we have appointed brokers and independent agents that does exist also in Latin America. But we will also look at alternative distribution vehicles and emerging markets and partnering with banks and other financial institutions.
Dino Robusto: It's just some more sophisticated segmentation modeling, more sophisticated data analytics that allows us to segment our customers and align price and exposure in a much more sophisticated manner.
Dino Robusto: Well, I think it's an area of focus to us relative to the homeowner customers that we have. And we want to try to solve their needs. They like our claims handling. And so we are interested in writing profitable auto. And this Panorama helps us do that effectively.
Dino Robusto: It's the mailing. I was suggesting where we -- the mailing out to homeowners and looking for their auto.
Dino Robusto: Yes. Thanks, Josh. I mean, clearly, there was a lot of activity, a lot of claims activity in the first quarter from a count standpoint, both from catastrophes and weather-related non-cat events. Fortunately, with the large claim property staff that we have on the ground and the fact that we equip them with enormous amount of mobile equipment, we can bring them in and we move the lot into the northeast, and our response rate has been excellent. We do send out customer surveys on all of our homeowner and automobile claims and early survey results on the actual catastrophe, particularly from January, we've got them back now, are well over 96% highly satisfied. So clearly, we've been able to keep up with the pace. But hopefully over time, it will slow down.
Dino Robusto: Well, clearly, the first quarter was, as we've indicated, a heavy cat quarter. Now recognize that last year, you had the northeaster, which was much more significant because that generated thousands and thousands of claims in one event. So.
