Evan Greenberg: I think, with the exception of your final comment, I think you should be focused on underwriting combined ratio. And we look at underwriting independent of investment income. We underwrite around here to an acceptable combined ratio. And yes, we do look at senior most levels in terms of capital management; we do look at how much capital each business draws and at certain combined ratio hurdles, what kind of ROE we’ll produce. And that sort of sets to a degree targets that we establish for our businesses that combined ratios we don’t want exceeding. If that helps you.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I’m going to answer your first part first. Anybody who runs a decent business, they don’t run their business based on tax. Tax does not drive how you make your fundamental decisions and how you operate a business. I have worked in more than one company and I have never, that kind of conversation is never entered into how we think about our business. So we think about underwriters, underwriting which is what we do for living and combined ratios, there is hardly does tax ever enter the discussion. As to the first part of your question for our U.S. sourced business, look our U.S. business represents over 60% of our company's business. And our U.S. sourced business has the tax rate in the 20%. Tax reform is important to us and it's important to our country. And as the U.S. economy would improve at my judge over tax reform that would benefit the insurance industry, because that would mean faster economic growth and faster economic growth means more exposure, more exposure means faster growth for insurance. So I am in favor of tax reform. Right now, they are discussing, as you know it's a long way before we have tax reform and we are at very early stages. What Republic and Congress has put on the table so far revolves around border adjustment. How border adjustment will be interpreted for financial services is not yet clear. And in fact to those who are writing tax policy who we are very engaged with it is not clear to them. When it comes to insurance, the question on the table right now revolves around two, reserves, how reserves will be treated, number two in particular, how reinsurance will be treated. In my judgment border adjustment tax, reinsurance is clearly an export of risk. You're exporting risk and you don't know the profit and loss so that risk ahs ultimately been earned through. It is hardly an importing of capital. So I would expect that would be treated in a reasonable way in tax policy and that would be the advantage of the U.S. We are taking the advantage of the world balance sheet where insurance has benefited corporate America and consumer America just greatly over the years.
Evan Greenberg: It's very early days. And we'll talk about it a little bit. But I'm measuring this so that at least we stay on would be swear on perspective. I'm measuring this over years given the nature of it. These are relatively small policies and it takes a long time to build something. Paul Krump love to tell the stories. I know he is from the Mid West and I'm going to turn it over to him for a moment.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It’s very simple. The last number of years, most recent past inflation has been benign, lost cost inflation has been benign. But both companies have continued to use historic trend factors and we have done that right through our current year in our casualty related lines that’s what matters. And so with that, I think we are comfortable if we return to a higher loss trend.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Charles sure. There is not lines of business where we need to step back, because we see trouble underwriting. We will see that. We are really on top of it and vigilant about that. We always look for early signs. Obviously, with the merger, there are businesses that weren't meeting our standards that we have cancelled and - some we cancelled put them in run-off and I have spoken about that. Beyond that, I think the message is pretty simple. We don't like a lot of the market pricing for new business. And so we are willing to take the new business penalty. The numbers I gave you were the numbers - the rates and the rate movement was for our renewal portfolio. And we measure relativity of the new business pricing against our renewal rates. And our new business pricing is very similar to our renewal pricing. But to be able to achieve that we have to be willing to write less business, we are seeing more submissions. The first quarter our submission activity was up substantially, but the amount that we will right is down and that reflects the competitive market conditions where we are just simply not going to dumb stuff for growth.
Evan Greenberg: I didn't want to use the word everything, so I thought that would just sound a little arrogant. And we always are vein hopeful about things. When I step back I got it tell you and really look at it. It's always a little crap on the margin, but we have accomplished what we set out to achieve in the year. Our revenue growth was a little less than I wanted it to be, but when look at it, sure in the early part of the year there was market distracts - there was internal distractions emerging, but we expected that. It was the market itself I think just given the nature of competition, we didn't write as much new as I would like to have written. But okay, that's it. Don't worry about it.
Evan Greenberg: And we lost a handful of people, we wish we hadn't lost. But we planned; we knew we were going to lose people we didn't want to lose. We lost far fewer of those, but still each of them breaks your heart.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. For 2017 in total, I expect that that’s what we are going to see that’s our objective. And remember there is going to be - so I just give you a little more color. The re-underwriting, the underwriting actions we took due to the merger break into two pieces, business that we cancel and that runoff will have an impact through the year. So that impact will diminish. The additional reinsurance we purchased that will have an impact fundamentally in the first half of the year and should be about gone by the end of the mid-year. And then, we have underlying actions that we already see the power building in our core business or core middle market in our A&H business, specialty casualty areas. I expect in our large account business more of a slight to safety and quality, which we are seeing in our risk management and our multinational business. I expect our industry verticals and the power of that to produce the better result or high net-worth business. The two legacy companies together with the core portfolio will do better. And I expect specialty, personalized, internationally and small middle market around the world to contribute. And A&H I said that I mean that globally.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Chubb is a steady as she goes going from strength-to-strength. Our product offering has never been broader and beyond that our ability to coordinate all of the skills of the organization and bring it to bear for a customers, honest to god it’s never been more compelling. The technology that we have to service the large account business and bring total solution, but manage it through the customer. We are really distinguishing ourselves, our service and our service reputation in both underwriting and claims is a breath of fresh air for most who have experienced some of those companies that are having issues. We have been very predictive going steady for our customers and for those who might be interested in trying us out. That’s what they want. They want predictability and steadiness of both breadth of product offerings, because we offer as broad or broader product offering than any other competitor to our customers from risk management to access casualty to professional lines, to environmental, to their international needs around the world. And very few can do that and we do it in a very steady predictable way, we are not changing year-to-year in our appetite or in how we approach the underwriting of that business. That has just caused us to gain more customers, we continue to first of January was very good for us that way. We are gaining more customers; we are gaining more who are taking a look at us. Particularly as they are more uncomfortable with where they have been. And it's easy to see why they were uncomfortable. Some of those companies appeared to be wrong.
Evan Greenberg: No, no, we have raised our reserve estimates; we did take a charge this quarter. The net amount was about $87 million I believe. $78 million. And that was a net of both branding wide taking a bit higher charge and we put the federal reserves on a life basis. And they had some favorable development. The two of them together produce the 78 million. But we are not seeing importantly a change in trends in asbestos. It was very case specific for us. The one place where we have seen a bit of an increase in cost is in defensive cases. We are defending cases rigorously and the cost of the defending those has been more inflated.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, professional lines claims inflation is an obvious that everybody can see who book into business its public information. I will come back to it. Look, Congress and the new administration all speculation. I have no idea and you have no idea. Its one thing they have in agenda, but what are you actually going to pass and how long is it going to take to accomplish. And then what will be its impact ultimately well that's pretty far down the road. So we don't speculate and in our lost text, we don't speculate. Insurance inflation is about parts and labor. It's about legal cost, medical expense and that is up to what we called social inflation. And those cost inputs are different than general inflation as I'm sure you know. When it comes to professional lines, there have been more security class action suites, there were number of sources of that. And in particular, and we have noticed that in claims reporting and development. How many of those notices turned on to actual claims and what are the size of those claims. The severity has been fairly constant. It’s been an increase in frequency this year. And we are vigilant about that.
Evan Greenberg: You know to a degree. You have always seen that. There are companies who cash flow underwrite and underwrite to total return, they usually are great underwriting companies, I have never noticed that they are. And then good companies remain more disciplined about that and don’t compete it away. So, it’s a chaotic world. You will see all varieties.
Evan Greenberg: What I see is that it will ameliorate a rise in combined ratio. Expense ratio will ameliorate a rise in loss ratio, the merger expense benefits. The underwriting actions we taken and portfolio management and mix of business will also ameliorate loss ratio. But does it eliminate it? No. And overtime, I expect naturally if the market remains as it is and I think the market you see is the market you get. I think it various by line of business et cetera, the dynamics but in total, I expect that it rises. We have certain lines of business like agriculture, like high net-worth, like A&H that really aren’t subject to that at all. You have other businesses like middle market commercial and traditional business that is less impacted by that. So the mix of the portfolio and how we have selected our portfolio and constructed it and the geographies in which we conduct different businesses have a way of ameliorating. But each individual line by itself has this pressure of loss ratio in a market where rate is flat or down and trend continues. And of course, we are of the market. What I am confident about is that we will continue to distinguish ourselves and outperform.
Evan Greenberg: Well, if you know. First of all, look at earnings on an after tax basis and we have dividend policy that we payout roughly 30% we say it took a 30% in dividends. We then look at opportunity both internal growth and potential external opportunities to grow over a period of time and capital flexibility. And so through that discussion, we determine what a comfortable target is for company need and then what remains is how we determine what to return to shareholders. Then we have a discussion of what is the best for the return to shareholders. Its dividend related, is it one-time dividend or is it share repurchase, and that's how we come to it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, but we also have business and we have been very transparent with you about that. Business portfolios that in the merger when we pull the companies together and went through the business we said there are business portfolios that are not meeting or standards we have talked about some of those and that we cancelled those. Well those when you cancelled them you are eliminating gross as well as net. So you got to keep that in mind.
Evan Greenberg: I think you guys have short memory. This year was a very good year. Last year was a good year, but not that far off the normal trend by the way, it was a good year but not that far off. And we look over it 10, 15 and 20 year. We put the business on level, because there were things that impact loss ratio in the current year that didn't impact 20 years ago, because prices have changed, yields per acre and how seed and fertilizer behaves changed to the positive in that, growing seasons have changed a bit because of weather. So we actually consider all of that and put on level that come the historic combined ratio. And that historic that you cite of that 89,90 is where we have remain. And that's why we are saying to you, I don't wait for a bad year to say, this I will say it in a good year. It’s a Cat like business and it has a volatility to it and so you measure it over a period of time. But, I think it’s not excessive, we get a reasonable risk adjusted return on that business and I think we have very clear competitive advantages in our franchise, that just put us light years ahead of, fundamentally, anyone else in that business. Particularly around our analytics, our deep distribution and spread of business, our knowledge and insight of data and people with experience that go back so many years. And we have a cost advantage and a technology advantage that is very hard barrier to leap.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I'm going to ask Paul Krump to talk about one of them the personal lines. And then I want to make a comments to you. And then I am going to have John Lupica just talk about the commercial lines what happened one-on-one.
Evan Greenberg: And I just want to - I have read a number of that analysts early reports and talking about this questions. And I don't want to make comment about that. We had simply an outstanding quarter, our calendar year combined ratio reflects all the good and all the bad. i.e. there were more Cats, there was flat PPD. We had outstanding crop we had excellent global P&C results. Looking at the business as sort of well but for this, well but for that, except for one-time items like the pension benefit, which is fair is misleading in my mind, because all these businesses are ongoing businesses and it makes contribution. We are in the risk business, and there you are going to see noise always from one quarter to another quarter. We didn’t reach in our current accident year reserving, whatsoever, and how we post loss ratios, we didn’t suddenly grow optimistic and I remind you that we are conservative in how we manage our business. We recognize bad quickly and we are very slow to recognize good. So as you look at the individual pieces, I wanted to give you a bigger perspective on it.
Evan Greenberg: I am not in that business. What you see is soft versus the hard part of the cycle. People, as you get into, some are better underwriters and more disciplined in a competitive environment and they are to in this business than others are. And some are aggressive to growth and they sell very broad covers and they sell them at cheap prices and they don’t have the command and control in underwriting and so they get surprise. And you put those two things together and now and again, there is a derivative business for garbage collectors, who come around new collection. And they collect the garbage out of portfolios and that’s what you got here. I am not a buyer nor a seller. I can’t imagine that we would be in a position where it would make sense for us to give up a substantial percentage of our loss reserve asset and its future income. Because we didn’t have the risk management and the control and knowledge of our business that we would have to that will be so unsecure, we have to give up on our portfolio that way. Shrink our balance sheet that way. It makes no sense to me and for us how we run our business, but you seen it, this is a business that has grown over the years. There are couple of guys have been pretty good at and they have done a pretty good job. So not everyone I would say gets burned at it. But it is, this is an industry if you look at the ROE of the industry. And the mean is poor and there are both sides of that mean are those who outperform, on the other side those who underperform. And the ones who underperform they generate a lot of garbage and so the garbage collectors come around.
Evan Greenberg: I want you to know, I am looking at room full of colleagues will absolutely taking out [indiscernible]. You know what, we are focused on integrating and getting the power of the promise of all of the capability against - matched against the opportunities that this organization has right now. and I'm going to leave it at that except to say we have management bandwidth.
Evan Greenberg: No, but the VA and we are going to do this in 2017. We are going to split the life business into three pieces that you could see. Our international life earnings in total - I don't know the exact number. like $27 million this year and will grow they ought to grow substantially in 2017 and that's for our international life insurances. Our combined underwriting income for the combined insurance company that's in the life division that part of it produces good earnings. And you will see those pieces. The VA was producing [indiscernible] at one point about $100 million, $150 million or $160 million year of operating income. It's come down to about $120 million or $130 million. and now it's coming down to like $60 million going forward. And keep in mind this is that it hasn't produced good income for us, but with obviously the book value volatility that has gone with after the market.
