Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. Book value per share grew 1% and tangible book value per share grew 1.8% in the quarter. Both were impacted by foreign exchange losses of 441 million, 268 million of which impacted tangible net assets. As a reminder, these losses represent a point in time mark-to-market valuation adjustment and do not affect the capital position of our foreign operating units. We match our assets and liabilities in each jurisdiction and we keep our required capital in local currencies. If and when the dollar weakens, the book value impact would be positive. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency movements, book value per share increased 2.4% and tangible book value per share increased 3%. We had a very strong operating cash flow of 1.75 billion for the quarter that benefited our investment income and contributed to the growth in our cash and invested assets, which are now 65 billion. Investment income of 551 million was about what we expected and was impacted negatively by 7 million of foreign exchange when compared with the prior year. Our strong cash flow will continue to benefit our estimated quarterly investment income run rate of approximately 550 million even with current new money rates of 2.6% versus our current book yield of 3.6%. The estimated investment income run rate is subject to variability and portfolio rates, call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. During the quarter, we had pre-tax realized and unrealized gains of 455 million relating to the investment portfolio and a mark-to-market loss on our VA reinsurance portfolio of 57 million. Both of these were primarily due to decreasing interest rates. Our net loss reserves were up 247 million for the quarter or 1% after adjusting for foreign exchange and crop activity. The paid to incurred ratio was 109% for the quarter or 89% on a normalized basis, which takes into account prior period reserved release activity and crop loss payment activity. In the quarter, we had net positive prior period development of 83 million pre-tax principally from short tail lines. Cat losses were 40 million after-tax in the quarter primarily from a number of U.S. weather events. Evan mentioned that there are a number of favorable items that benefited last year and impact the year-on-year comparison of our operating earnings per share. North American P&C underwriting income pre-tax benefited by 25 million, 18 million after-tax from both lower excess of loss premiums ceded under our 2014 catastrophe reinsurance program and a favorable settlement related to prior year’s state premium assessments. In addition, life underwriting benefited last year from a reserve release of 6 million both before and after tax. Also, the tax rate was lower in 2014 because prior period development emerged in lower tax jurisdictions. This increased our operating income in 2014 by 16 million for global P&C coming from North America. The total after-tax impact of these items was $40 million or $0.12 per share. When comparing year-on-year results for global P&C, note that last year’s positive prior period development of 100 million included 42 million of positive prior period development from the resolution of a large 2003 claim in our North American P&C segment. Excluding this claim, prior period development last year would be 58 million compared to this year’s 50 million. Also, prior period development in our Agriculture segment was negative 38 million last year versus positive development of 33 million this quarter. Total capital returned to shareholders during the quarter was $560 million including $340 million of share repurchases and $220 million in dividends. I’ll turn the call back to Helen.
Phil Bancroft: That is very fair. The first quarter is a – first of all is a small percentage of the total premium.
Phil Bancroft: And so you get that. You have this messiness depending on your profit and loss in the prior year, you have the true-up with the government. And also last year, the winter wheat season, which is a 13, 14 season, this year is the 14, 15-year season, but winter wheat across these years. We booked more the winter wheat premium last year in the 13 fourth quarter and this year we booked more in the first quarter of – and this year more of it was in the fourth quarter. So, you have the timing difference. And as we go forward, the way our accounting works, we should not have that. We should be consistent with how we did it this year.
Phil Bancroft: As we said, there was a $6 million item reserve release in the fourth quarter of last year. We also had the runoff of the VA and we also have had FX and the three of those together combined to be the impact of the change.
Phil Bancroft: No, not on a comparative basis. So the run rate you saw in this quarter might get mildly worse in the second and third quarter, just mildly. It’s a reasonable run rate to use and in the fourth quarter should better, because we’ve had the deterioration in the fourth quarter. I mean, we’ve already experienced the deterioration in last year’s fourth quarter.
Evan Greenberg: I think the way you should be thinking about it, Michael, is not to speculate. We gave some guidance in essence by our intention of share repurchases for the year and that is there’s an authorization to repurchase up to 1.5 billion, but that was our stated intention, that’s what we’re doing. Our dividend – you see what our dividend is, so in total it shows that we’re returning – our intention is to return roughly this year in that range, that 70% range. And as things go along, as we see the environment, assess the environment versus our strategy and add both together speaking to our needs for capital, we’ll make future decisions and you’ll know about those.
Evan Greenberg: That’s a good question. Look, in order for insurance to remain relevant in society, you can’t simply hold onto the past. Perils are emerging as society matures and develops from science, regulation, legal, all kinds of areas that impact a globalization. As economy digitizes, as society digitizes, there are more exposures that are going to emerge and cyber risk security is one of them. And this is something that the industry to be relevant has to come to grips with and meet the needs of these exposures for clients. ACE is one of the major insurers of cyber insurance as it is today. It’s a nascent area, it’s small and most of the product demand is in the United States. It’s not in other countries yet. We keep probing it for other places that there would be more demand for the risk, more demand for insurance for the risk. And we’re committed to the line. We see lots of opportunity for it, but it’s still small. Overall, the premiums globally are about $1.5 billion to $2 billion and we estimate our market share at 8% or 9% of that. So we’re quite active. We’re mindful of the risk environment around it and so it’s kind of category of client and size of client related. You got to be mindful of that. You got to get paid properly for the risk. But with all that said, this is an area of growth for ACE.
Evan Greenberg: Well, the opportunity, it doesn’t do third-party business. You’ve seen all the material on it that’s out there and it is in essence the only reinsurance business it will be accepting is ACE’s business.
Evan Greenberg: No, that’s not our intention. The Board of the company, we own 10% or 11% of it and we’re one Board member. The Board and the management of the company may decide differently in the future but from everything I can see right now in the next number of years, that will not be the case.
Evan Greenberg: We’re sitting here a little perplexed by your question and I’m not sure exactly what you’re focusing on. But I’ll tell you what, how about if we take that offline and Phil – we don’t see a sequential weakness, but Phil and Helen will take it offline with you.
Evan Greenberg: I think you should imagine that commodity prices are going to have a low double-digit impact; 10%, 11% range.
Evan Greenberg: Look, last year we had cat losses were a little bit elevated and this quarter, there were right in line roughly with that, a bit elevated but nothing terrible.
Evan Greenberg: Combined ratio impact from these acquisitions, sure. Every acquisition is – Kai, every acquisition is going to have – if it has anything of size in terms of premium, it’s going to produce a certain run rate of its business, it’s going to have a combined ratio, it’s going to mix into our total. So mathematically, you get that. If you’re looking for how much it will be, well, buddy, that’s another question and I’m not going there.
Evan Greenberg: Kai, you know and I said this earlier in the commentary, it’s about more than placing. We are quite diversified by product area. A lot of our business is not commercial P&C and our commercial P&C is spread very well across the globe and spread around a lot of products. And our data analytics and our portfolio management and capabilities continue to improve and so our risk selection and ability to focus in areas where we see better margins with the current rate levels and our ability to shift mix that way improves. And then we have acquisitions that just are another way of contributing to that in terms of mix be it product or geography that help ameliorate movements in price. And so I think we have a lot of handles to pull and we’re pulling all that we can that help to ameliorate the impact of pricing.
Evan Greenberg: Well, there’s a constant flow of deals. We’ve said before many [Technical Difficulty] 100 deals a year globally, pull the trigger very selectively. It’s got to meet our strategy and meet our standards and that kind of flow activity continues. It’s driven by many things. It’s driven by the P&C cycle on one hand, it’s driven by economic conditions in various territories, it’s driven by owner strategies of where they – what kinds of businesses they want to be in, in the future. So there are many things that drive the motivation. Of course, when you have just as you look narrowly at the P&C industry whenever you have pricing pressures and growth pressures and now you got low interest rate pressures, so earnings pressures and growth pressures, that will drive many who don’t have a view of earnability [ph] to move beyond that. It has them assess the opportunities for merger acquisitions. And so you typically will see it at this kind of point in cycle and see it pick up. It wouldn’t surprise me.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, so on premium retention, no, that’s a mix of business question. There wasn’t a change of reinsurance and yes, Itaú came in but it’s a big organization and there were growth in a lot of other areas. You saw personal lines growth, A&H growth and there is a lot of other small commercial in Asia and other places. So the mix of – that will bring it down. That’s why you shouldn’t simply imagine Itaú. And then also remember, however Itaú reinsured in the past that was based somewhat on their own net retention appetite. Now they have a different appetite.
Evan Greenberg: I was trying to get John Keogh to answer it and tell you that we’re not going to comment on [indiscernible] line, our exposure but he doesn’t want to. Brian, we’re not going to comment on an individual situation. We’re mindful of Petrobras’ circumstances and obviously the impact on both growth and the construction business as well as surety exposures both their own and generally within the construction industry, and we’re not – while we’re alert we’re not concerned.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, we’re not breaking that out right here. As you know our policy, once something becomes a part of the company, fundamentally we just don’t start breaking down all the parts and pieces of each part of the company. And so these fold in and there you go.
Evan Greenberg: There are acquisitions that we’ve made over the last 8 or 9 or 10 years and so are you asking me pull all those out.
Evan Greenberg: We got you, buddy. That’s like I don’t see the value. I know you will. Likely you’re a data junkie, but we’re not pulling those out.
Evan Greenberg: Well, we have renewed and therefore the market is stable and it’s kind of business as usual because the TRIA stock is in place, Tom.
Evan Greenberg: The latter is more correct, is correct. ABR Re will simply be a following participant on our treaties – our existing pool of treaties and the intention is, is they will take a share across the board. And they will not be a leading market. We’re going to maintain the discipline of the third-party reinsurers establishing terms. The marketplace establishes terms for reinsurance and ABR Re will be a capacity player.
Evan Greenberg: You mean the market generally outside of ACE, is there a benefit to them that ABR Re is there. I see a benefit to ACE’s investors and I see a benefit to the investors in ABR Re and I see a benefit to ACE. I don’t see a benefit to the general market. We did not create it with that in mind.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t particularly think of it as war risk, which is very extreme, but we think of it a little more akin to cat risk only it has different geographic boundaries. And so we do in our enterprise risk management, we do go through as we do with many of our businesses, we are mindful of aggregations. We do event planning scenarios where we imagine different kinds of events and the impact they could have on our concentrations of exposure. Therefore, what you call the PMLs with maximum losses that it could occur from a portfolio. Now admittedly, as anybody would say, it’s kind of a crude exercise. We use the best brains and the best data and technology available you can find to help you with that, but there’s a lot of basis risk and that therefore informs how much aggregation we’re willing to take, understanding that the number is wrong. And if that helps you with it, we go through that exercise.
Evan Greenberg: No, you didn’t exactly listen to me. So no, we don’t see 100% PML. And you’re using the word rogue hacker and rogue hacker typically will hit one or two or three. You’re more concerned about something like wild virus and that will have more of a systemic to it, or bringing down of the Internet which wouldn’t be a rogue hacker and that would have a systemic nature to it in terms of denial of service. So how you sell cover and then how you PML those exposures because the notion of 100% loss, no, we don’t see that. There are many other factors that come into play.
Evan Greenberg: Charles, if you want to become a cyber underwriter, we welcome you. Come on in, because you’re thinking about it and you know what, we’re hiring.
Evan Greenberg: God, it is such a difficult question in the sense that and I’m not going to abate it, I’m going to see if I can help you with it. But in the first instance, when you get to commercial P&C, the accounts are so different. So comparing one account to another but if I try to do that very crudely and I look coverage and we take similar coverage because ROEs and combined ratios will vary by type of coverage, the terms and conditions adjust to the local marketplace as well. And so for instance, we might have much tighter conditions around casualty in the United States to get to the same result than we do on the continent of Europe or in Mexico if I – just picking examples for you. And so the marketplace adjust that way. Number two, it will depend also to a degree so you get a sense of how messy it is. Once the access, there are some markets where the combined ratio on commercial P&C will be lower because the market is just a more stable marketplace. That may be cultural. They have tax of renewals. It may be that there is less influence from major global players in the reinsurance markets in that marketplace. It may be the dominance of local players – of a couple of local insurers and sort of business community in total protecting their own. There’s all kinds of things that drive and affect us. So you can’t really kind of put it in a neat box I think the way you’re struggling to do it and I understand the question. Hopefully, I helped you a little bit.
Evan Greenberg: I’m going to let John Keogh answer it because we’re both shaking our head violent. In fact, there was actually very good growth.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, we’re seeing it but we’re seeing it more on the margin. It’s not back to the late '90s that way. But we are seeing more of things that would cause us to shake our heads and we’ll see a broadening of terms and conditions in property, we’re seeing marginally a broadening of terms and conditions at times in casualty and it’s related. In particular, new business of any size comes to market and people have been really hungry, but we’re not seeing the stupidity we’ve seen in the past.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, I don’t see any major primary on the horizon but you know how that goes. And then tomorrow morning I get on the train and I pick up the newspaper and there it is. I’m not a savant at this. But I don’t see that on the horizon at the moment. I mean there are a couple of situations that pretty well known out there of larger primary that wouldn’t surprise any of us including you. And that’s just a question of – probably a little more of a question of when than if.
Evan Greenberg: Hello. Meyer, I lost you on my impression of. This is not these guys. This is something in the service. Meyer, are you there? Paul Newsome, are you there or did we just lose the call altogether.
Evan Greenberg: I don’t think so, Meyer. We don’t view our opportunity as simply three or four players trading business back and forth. The high net worth personal lines potential marketplace is a much larger marketplace than it is today. It’s being served by good companies but the traditional lines companies who don’t really meet the needs both coverage and service of high net worth client base and customers. And so our real opportunity is to migrate more of those customers from where they are today to ACE and not simply chasing someone else’s business.
