John D. Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report that we had record operating income per share of $1.98 for the third quarter and a record $5.04 for the first 9 months. Our outstanding third quarter benefited from strong x cat underwriting results as well unusually low catastrophe losses. At the same time, we continued to achieve rate increases in all of our businesses. These positive factors were more than enough to offset the continuing effects of a challenging global economic environment and the impact of low interest rates. Third quarter operating income per share of $1.98 resulted in annualized operating ROE of 15.5%. The combined ratio for the quarter was 86.3% compared to 102.6% last year. Excluding cat, the combined ratio for the third quarter was 85.7% in 2012, 2.5 points better than the 88.2% in the last year's third quarter. Net income per share for the third quarter of 2012 was the same as operating income per share and annualized ROE for the quarter was 13.5%. Capital value per share at September 30 was $60.99, that's a 9% increase since year end 2011 and a 10% increase since September 30 a year ago. Our capital position is excellent and we continue to make good progress on our share repurchase program. Net written premiums for the third quarter are up 1%, driven by Chubb Personal and Chubb Commercial Insurance, which were up 3% and 2%, respectively. Relative CPI and CCI was partially offset by a 4% decline in Chubb Specialty premiums. Excluding the impact of currency translation, net written premiums for Chubb overall were up 3%. Given our strong results in the first 9 months and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we have raised our operating income per share guidance for the full year to a range of $6.70 to $6.80, which is an increase of $0.92 at the midpoint. Let me now turn it over to Paul who will discuss the performance of Chubb's Commercial and Specialty Insurance operations.
John D. Finnegan: Thanks, Ricky. Let me summarize a few of the key highlights of the third quarter. We had operating income of $533 million or a record $1.98 per share. Our annualized ROE was 13.5% and annualized operating ROE was 15.5%. We produced an x cat combined ratio of 85.7 and an x cat accident year combined ratio of 90.6%. Capital value per share at September 30, 2012, was $60.99, up 10% from a year earlier and up 9% from year end 2011. We repurchased $301 million of common shares and paid $110 million in dividends, and we continued to secure rate increases in all 3 business units, maintaining upward momentum on an earned premium basis. For the first 9 months of 2012, operating income totaled $1.4 billion. On a per-share basis, operating income for the first 9 months was $5.04 per share, a 44% increase over last year, and the highest 9-month operating income per share in Chubb history. Annualized operating ROE for the first 9 months was 13.4%. And for the first 9 months was -- annualized ROE for the first 9 months of 12.3%. The combined ratio for the first 9 months was 90.1% and the x cat combined ratio was 87.1%. Our strong performance in the first month of the year has enabled us to increase our 2012 operating income per share guidance to a range of $6.70 to $6.80. The midpoint of our revised guidance is $0.92 per share higher than the midpoint of our prior guidance of $5.70 to $5.95. In summary, we had a great third quarter on top of a very good first half and we continue to be encouraged by marketplace rate trends. And with that, I'll open the lines to your questions.
John D. Finnegan: I'll just say generally, we don't have final October numbers. We're not going to make any predictions. But what we can say is anecdotal. We have not heard anything in the marketplace that suggest there's a significant change in the credit and the rate environment. And in terms of CPI, we are filing for additional rate increases, so that momentum continues.
John D. Finnegan: No. Well, there will be no way you could interpolate what x cat actually would be because there's no breakout of favorable development versus accident year. I mean, what we can say is we don't split them up. If you looked at our combined ratio guidance for the fourth quarter, you would see that, first of all, we have 2 points of cats, so that's versus 0.6 points in the third quarter. So clearly, that adversely affects us on a quarterly comparison. And then we're basically, on x cat basis, on a combined ratio, looking at a combined ratio in line with our first half experience, which is a couple of points higher than we had in the third quarter.
John D. Finnegan: We think it's still an attractive valuation. But of course, when we look at it in 2010 at 110% of book, it looks like a more attractive valuation and we did have a significant excess capital position and took advantage of that opportunity. 135% is about our historical average over the last 10 years. So it's high compared to where it's been in the last few years. But over time, it's not particularly high.
John D. Finnegan: Yes. Well, let's look at it this way. I think if you did an analysis -- now, let's talk about the macro and then you can move to the individual lines. It's a little different, but if you did an analysis, a rigorous analysis of what our overall book has generated on an accident year basis with normalized cats, our overall business, you'd still be lucky to get the double digits. I mean, we obviously are benefiting from very low cats this quarter and still a good deal of favorable development. Now so with all of the industry, and the industries if we're at the high single digits, the industry is well below that. So from an overall perspective, we're not rate adequate. Now are some lines that are better than others? Of course, and we undertake continuously analyses of each of the lines, of what kind of rates we need in each of the lines and the profitability versus their growth trade-off. And that's sort of at a granular level that we do here and in the field, so each line is different. And then as you -- but as Paul mentioned, that even if you got the rate adequacy, the day you stop and don't get any more rate, your 4% is inadequate the following year. So you need rate over the time. We don't have a lot of lines that are excessively profitable. We have a few that may be rate adequate, but overall, you'd have to say that an accident year basis with a full cat load and normal weather-related activity, we're not at target ROEs for the book as a whole.
John D. Finnegan: Let me talk -- what I say is this, Vinay. We had a good quarter. Margin expansion is usually defined as the amount at which rate increase would exceed longer-term loss trends. It's kind of a hypothetical calculation at any given quarter. You never have a longer-term loss trends or something else. But if you look at where our third quarter result came from -- if you talk about earned premium, which is what gets into income, we were close to margin neutral in the third quarter in CPI and CSI and had about 2 points of margin expansion in CCI hypothetically. So by itself, it's a positive development, but not sufficient not to own [ph] to explain the third quarter accident results, so the 3-point overall improvement from the third quarter 2011. Where did it come from? A little bit from that, the margin expansion CCI perhaps, but more of that the actual losses in the quarter were below the regression line, between the -- below the long-term trend line. We'd like to think that, that's a largely attributable excellent underwriting on our part and maybe in part it is, but we also recognize there is some good fortune involved. And one of the pieces of good fortune, what we use as an example, there are other pieces that is non-cat related weather. That's primarily a Personal lines thing with a little bit of rollup to commercial property and multiple parallel lines. But for example, to give you an idea, in our homeowners business, non-cat U.S. related losses ran about 3.5 points in the third quarter versus 7 points in the third quarter of 2011 and about 6 points in the third quarters over the last 5 years. As you look forward, and I know all you will try to do this, you'd look at -- we might, at the continued rate levels, we might have theoretically 3 points of margin expansion in 2013 over all our businesses. But you have to remember, we're starting with a very favorable loss period. So it'd be kind of simplistic just to extrapolate that expansion. It would assume that extra loss experienced in the quarter will continue below longer-term cost trends for the next year, a possible but not probable assumption. And a more realistic assumption might include -- while setting the margin expansion, it's a little bit -- by some reversion to the mid and higher losses from a variety of areas. So margin analysis is a good forecasting tool. But you got to look at where the base period is, you got to look at the actual versus the theoretical. And then finally, when you look at income forecast, you got to recognize the margin expansion, it generally applies only to accident year results, it doesn't affect favorable development. And that's another major component of counting their results in order to take into account changes in investment income, of course.
John D. Finnegan: And then you can see that contraction in spreads and the mirror image of it is the improvement in the position of unrealized position, which increased substantially over the quarter, due [ph] in part to equities and part due to the fact that spreads came in.
John D. Finnegan: Yes, I mean, obviously, there's some improvement, yes. But our accident year, x cat results and CCI, were improvement, definitely, I mean, in all of our lines of business. Remember last year, it was a huge quarter for cats, so you can't -- the third quarter, so you -- but the published results, that is so misleading that you really can't draw much from those.
John D. Finnegan: No. I mean, I don't think that much. I think that cats were unusually low. And we also had very favorable x cat results in our commercial lines. It's -- we've had good loss trends this year. And now you go back a few years and we had better results, but these are very good.
John D. Finnegan: I'll answer that. The answer is that it was better than anticipated loss trends but loss trends, unlike rate impact both accident year and prior period development, so there's no breakup of that. It was just -- we had better loss trends. Now a couple of factors. First, when we came into 2012, we were developing this guidance based on what were pretty -- what were tougher third and fourth quarters of 2011. We were concerned that the benign loss trends of the prior 5 years had turned. And while we didn't extrapolate those worse loss trends, we certainly adjusted and increased them over the first half of 2011. Now it's turned out is that this year, it's looked a lot like the first half of 2011, loss trends have been better than that. So I think and that's been reflected in better -- in good development and in better accident year results. I don't know versus rate. I think the rates are -- they may be a little bit better than we thought we had. Again, at that time, we weren't getting these type of rate increases, so we thought to build in. We were trying to achieve higher rate increases, but we didn't have them yet, so obviously, you have to blend in the realistic with the desired. So net-net, I just think the loss trends were the -- had been the answer. And in part, that's -- maybe third and fourth quarter last year was an anomaly. In part, that's due to things that are explainable but like non-cat-related weather.
John D. Finnegan: I don't think I can answer that. I mean, the loss trends are developed by the actuaries, to take into account, historical experience, recent experience, but they're longer term in nature. I don't know. I hope you're right. I hope that scenario plays out. But we just use the historical data and go from there. I mean, we're not willing to say that loss trends have gone from 4% to 2% or anything like that.
John D. Finnegan: Talk to us after next week's storm. No, the answer is I don't know. So far, it's holding up, but we'll see.
John D. Finnegan: Greg, I see where you're going. I mean, what we've seen is that the loss trend, the margins in the third quarter were much better than were embedded in the analyst forecast. The margin implicit -- and margin's a loose term. Margin used to refer to accident year. I mean, we're predicting results in the fourth quarter, and they aren't quite as good as the third quarter but are better than the first half. So are they sustainable? I think what I said before was we expect some margin expansion next year. But on the other hand, we're starting from a very benign base in a variety of areas. In some areas, we're hoping to improve our loss experience like some of the professional liability areas where with the crime areas, for example, where we've had some problems. But we shall see. But in then some other areas, our experience in personal and commercial has been so good especially in non cat-related weather. That one more thing some [ph] version mean we do there. So I -- And finally, when you look at the results next year, rate doesn't impact favorable development so that's a wildcard, and we don't how much prior period development we'll have. So that's the context. You have some things working for you in terms of what we expect better rates that are earned premium. You have somethings may be working against you, some reversion to the mean in the loss trends even if it's slightly. And then you have the uncertainty of prior period development and you have lower interest rates.
John D. Finnegan: Greg, it's -- 350 basis points versus last year, about 250 basis points for the average of the last 5 years in the homeowners business, so on our total results, that obviously is closer to 100 basis points. I mean, it's not the deal so just to give you a feel. And again to your comment, Greg, that what we're guiding to the fourth quarter is better than you're carrying, well, we have the advantage of knowing the third quarter results when we develop that guidance. If you -- if we hadn't given you any guidance and you'd seen our third quarter results, you probably would've improved your expected combined ratio based on those results too.
John D. Finnegan: That's worldwide. So it's 2.50 [ph] to us, probably 178 [ph] To take homeowners and divide homeowners into total premium and then multiply that by the 350, that will give you the idea or versus last year 250 versus normal maybe.
John D. Finnegan: Yes. And remember that non cat-related weather is one good example to use it again. We had just very good favorable loss experience in all of our lines this year.
John D. Finnegan: No. Not that we've -- we've said in the past, we don't really -- I mean, cats aside, we don't really show -- we don't really break it up that way. I don't know. Nothing material as far as we can tell, no.
John D. Finnegan: Let me caveat before Ricky says anything. That decision might depend upon where the taxes come out. [indiscernible] It's 20% or 40% but go ahead, Ricky.
Paul J. Krump: Thanks, John. At Chubb Commercial Insurance, net written premiums for the third quarter were up 2% to $1.2 billion. Combined ratio was 87.2% versus 101.1% in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, CCI's third quarter combined ratio was 87% compared to 89.9% in the third quarter of 2011. We are pleased that CCI's average U.S. renewal rate in the third quarter increased by 8%, which is the sixth consecutive quarter of rate increases for CCI. This compares to the 9% we obtained in this year's second quarter, with a slight decline primarily attributable to small differences in the mix of business available for renewal in the third quarter. What is especially encouraging is the fact that this year's 8% is solid rate-on-rate as it comes on top of the 4% average rate increase we secured in the third quarter of 2011. CCI achieved U.S. renewal rate renewal increases in each line of business in the third quarter of 2012. Workers' compensation rates increased the most, with a low double-digit average, followed by Monoline property, general liability, package, excess umbrella, automobile, boiler and marine. Viewed from an account perspective, we continued to achieve broad-based pricing improvement, with some 90% of our renewals receiving rate increases in the third quarter, the same as in the second quarter. Let me now turn to CCI markets outside of the U.S., where market acceptance of higher rates continues to lag the United States. In Canada, average renewal rates were up by low single digits in the third quarter, which was down slightly from the second quarter. In Europe, average renewal rates were up by low single digits in the third quarter, matching what occurred in the second quarter of the year. CCI continued to obtain rate increases in Australia, along with some of our other markets in Asia. Average renewal rates in Latin America were flat in the third quarter. CCI's third quarter U.S. renewal retention was 84%, identical to the second quarter of this year. Continued strong renewal rate increases and solid retention aided CCI's quarterly premium growth, while new business was also up slightly. CCI's new-to-lost business ratio in the U.S. remained at 0.9:1 in the third quarter, identical to the second quarter of the year. Midterm endorsement and premium audits were slightly positive but did not have a significant impact on this quarter's growth, while renewal exposure change was slightly negative. At Chubb Specialty Insurance, net written premiums declined 4% in the third quarter to $640 million and the combined ratio was 91.9% compared to 88.3% in the year earlier third quarter. For the professional liability portion of CSI, net written premiums were down 5% to $567 million and the combined ratio was 97%, slightly improved from the first 6 months when it was 98.2%. In the third quarter of 2011, the combined ratio for professional liability was 92.5%. We are pleased that average renewal rates for professional liability in the U.S. increased by 8% in the third quarter, continuing the positive momentum that began in the fourth quarter of last year. The 8% increase in the third quarter was the strongest quarterly renewal rate increase since 2003 and compares to a 7% increase in the second quarter of this year and negative 1% in the third quarter of 2011. In each of our professional liability lines of business in the United States, average renewal rates increased in the third quarter. Increases were led by a private company D&O, which experienced average rate increases in the mid teens, followed by EPL, crime, not-for-profit D&O, public D&O, E&O and fiduciary. In markets outside of the U.S., average renewal rates for professional liability improved modestly in the third quarter, with average increases in the low single digits. Renewal premium retention for professional liability in the third quarter was 82% in the U.S., identical to the second quarter. The new-to-lost business ratio for professional liability in the U.S. was 0.6:1 compared to 0.7:1 in the second quarter of the year. While professional liability submissions have increased, we remain steadfast in quoting prices to potential new customers that will earn an adequate return. As we discussed in last quarter's call we are willing to accept the decline in new professional liability business and overall growth as we reprofile the book for improved profitability. Regarding the surety portion of our CSI book, net written premiums in the third quarter were up 3% to $73 million and the combined ratio was 55.8%. And with that, I will turn it over to Dino, who will review our Personal lines results as well as corporate-wide claims.
Paul J. Krump: Okay. Mike, this is Paul. Yes, I think it's fair to say that in the U.S., CCI renewal rate increase has been in a tight range for the last few quarters, running between 8% and 9%. The slight downtick from the second quarter to the third quarter is really attributable more to business mix differences between the quarters than any change in the marketplace condition. For example, in Q3, we had fewer large commercial real estate property accounts available to be renewed that we had in Q2, and that really is what drove the change. As respect to where rates are going forward, obviously, no one knows for certain. But where we sit the macro factors, which are contributing to the push for rates for the entire P&C industry. The need for rate increases haven't changed, the low reinvestment yields, the years of soft market pricing, we don't see that changing anytime soon. I think that we were fortunate we had a very benign cat quarter as an industry. But no one here, at least in Warren, New Jersey is extrapolating that into the future, and we're going to continue to push for rates very hard. As respect to specialty you asked about, we continue to see a nice momentum there. We continue to work on the book of business, not only from a rate perspective, but also from a re-profiling. Once again, this past quarter, we saw in our 1-star account, which happened to be the tier with the least amount or the most rate need. We had over 35 points of rate in that tier. We only had 65% retention, whereby in the 4- and 5-star accounts, the best accounts, we still took positive rate in the low single digits and had nearly 90% retention. So we're doing a good job of re-profiling that book and it needs to be re-profiled.
Paul J. Krump: Yes. Josh, this is Paul. I'll try to add some color then about -- I guess it was really -- what we're thinking about as respect to 1-1 renewals and what are we talking to our field people about. I think we have alluded to this in the past that we think first about a product line and the dynamics that we talked about before. Some of the issues around D&O and EPL and crime are certainly still with us as we go into 1-1. But then what we really do, Josh, is we make it very granular. We look at it by geography, by SIC type, we put it through our tiering proprietary models, and we take it down to an individual policy level. We look at that account and we ask ourselves, what is the starting point for the rate? How does that compare to like kind and quality within our book? How well has that individual account been running? And we set a target rate increase or maybe it might even be flat, depending on how well it's performing, as we go into the season. So while we do have overall targets, it's really very granular when we take it out to talk to our field staff and with the agents. And then when we talk to the agents, we make certain that we talk to them about a lot of their accounts that are coming up so that they don't misread any signal on a particular accounts as -- meaning, as it impacts their entire book of business. So I hope that gives you some flavor of what we're doing.
Paul J. Krump: No, I can definitely tell you, we're not expanding our appetite for workers comp. A big part of the growth is driven by rate. Another piece of the growth came in workers compensation from audit premiums and exposure growth. The overall books are a little bit of a decline in exposure. But workers comp had a bit of an exposure in audit growth in it. And I told you, when we -- in my prepared remarks, about the rate increases, workers compensation was in the low double digits, so that gives you a sense of it. As far as new business goes, it was up slightly but our in force count, Josh, is only up 1% in workers compensation. So we're sticking to our knitting. We're trying to see some opportunities there. But really, it's being rate driven, which is exactly what we want to see.
Paul J. Krump: Yes, sure, John. I'll try to frame it out here a little bit. But Paul, things for the question. And I surely appreciate you playing devil's advocate on it. Maybe just taking a step back. When we think about rate adequacy, we start by a product line, we will modify it by geography, industry segment, a lot of subsets of those. And the analyses are constantly revised as new data becomes available. We look at stuff like loss projections, claim costs, payout patterns, frequency trends, as well as what the pricing direction and what our field might be telling us about, terms and conditions, et cetera. And while I greatly appreciate that you've noticed we made a solid progress towards our goals, as evidenced by the excellent third quarter results, I caution you just to remember that in the third quarter in particular, the results include significant favorable development. You got investment income there that still reflects a higher embedded yield, as well as obviously unusually low cap. And then when you think about it on an accident year basis, the overall book is not currently at adequate rate levels to achieve what we consider our long-run normalized cat load combined ratio target. So we're looking at a lot of stuff. One of the other factors we have to think about all the time is the pressure for loss costs, where the trend is at by line and if you should just think about commercial in general, pick a number, we could debate it. But we tend to think around maybe 4% is a loss cost trend on the book of business. That means we, as underwriters, have to step up every year and get at least 4% on average just to tread water. So that's a force that you're out with swimming again, so to speak. So hopefully that gave you some sense. We've made good progress, but bottom line, we think we've got a ways to go.
Paul J. Krump: Mike, it's that the property model prop, package prop, has been leading the rate parade for us for the last 5 quarters, so you're seeing that start to earn and sway a little bit, too.
Paul J. Krump: No. Not really. It's been pretty well stable, and it clearly runs higher than the typical consumer price index, and so we see at it as the same.
Richard G. Spiro: Yes, Jay. I don't know that I can give you an exact number. I guess what I can tell you, as we sit here today, as we think about reinvestment rates and where we're putting money to work today, it obviously varies by asset class. On average, we're reinvesting our maturing securities at about 175 basis points lower than the maturing book yields. And in our 10-K, you have a maturity schedule of our fixed income securities, so that would give you some sense of what would happen to yield over time.
Richard G. Spiro: Sure. Well, look. I'd just say we're on course to complete our buyback by the end of January. Let me give you a brief word of explanation, because when put this program in place back in January, we gave some idea that when we thought about our buyback, we we're looking at our operating income less shareholder dividends as a general guideline for us as we make our buyback decision, not a precise level at which we buyback shares in a given year. So when we set the initial buyback target of $1.2 billion back in January, at that point, we were projecting 2012 operating income in the amount of about $1.5 billion and shareholder dividends of about $400 million. So still at that time, we said that we'd be buying back about $100 million more than our forecasted operating income less shareholder dividend. Obviously, as you point out, our forecast has gone up. We're now expecting about $1.8 billion in operating income for the year. And when you take out our shareholder dividends, we're now going to have about $200 million more than our buyback program. So we have no intention of increasing our 2012 buyback program at this time beyond what we said originally. This excess $200 million in net retained earnings will going into our year end capital position and it will be one of the factors going into the consideration of our buyback program for 2013. You might recall that our year end capital position will also be affected by the impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio, the change on our pension position due to returns and lower interest rates and the impact of the currency on the carrying [ph] value of our balance sheet among other things. So the resulting excess capital position will be our starting point in the development of our 2013 share buyback program. We'll then factor in, among other things, overall market conditions, our expected earnings in dividend, part of our stock price valuation, alternative investment opportunities and potential opportunities for profitable growth, coupled with the final level of any stock buyback program. So bottom line is we continue to think we're in a very strong excess capital position and we'll take all that into consideration as we head into 2013.
Richard G. Spiro: Yes. We're in the process now of filing homeowner rate increases that vary by state, of course. In the mid single-digit and above level, with targeted effective dates in the next 2 quarters. And I use the word targeted just because they're still subject to regulatory approval. But that's the range we're looking at.
Richard G. Spiro: The new money rates are a little bit worse than they were last quarter. So as we sit here now on the muni side, we're probably looking at roughly 160 basis points lower. On the domestic taxable side, we're looking at about 300 basis points lower, and then on our non-U.S. fixed income investments, we're are looking at about 150 basis points lower. And as I mentioned in a prior comment, if you're look at it on average, it's probably around 175 basis points across the portfolio.
Richard G. Spiro: Sure. I would happy to do that. So I'll go through each of this SPUs and then I'll give you as much color as I can. I'll start with CPI, where we had about $25 million of favorable development. In CPI, all 3 of the lines of business, homeowners, auto and other personal, were slightly favorable in the quarter. When you look at CCI, where we had the $70 million, it was driven largely by our casualty book and our commercial multi tier [ph] book was also favorable. Workers comp was close to flat, and property, marine actually was slightly adverse. And then in CSI, with $35 million of favorable development, the vast majority of the favorable was in the professional liability lines driven by D&O and fiduciary and it was partially offset by some small adverse development in crime, fidelity, E&O and EPO, reflecting the some of the trends that we've already talked about.
Richard G. Spiro: Jay, all I can say at this point obviously, we'll re-look at our dividend with our board in the normal course. As you know, we've increased our dividend in each of the past 30 years. We'll take a number of factors into consideration including our capital position, as John said, the tax environment. And hopefully, we've shown you over the years we're committed to return our excess capital to our shareholders, and dividends are an important part of that strategy. Having said that, I'm not going to make any comment about what our future dividend plans may or may not be.
Richard G. Spiro: Brian, it's Ricky. We look at it a bunch of different ways. We do look at payback. We do look at different return analyses. And as John said fairly on, even at today's stock price and our current price-to-book value valuation, we still see attractive economic opportunities in repurchasing our shares at our current price. So we do look at all those things. We do take them into consideration. But again, we still think that at today's price, it's still relatively attractive. And don't forget with the low interest rate environment, you also don't have as many other opportunities to invest your money elsewhere and make better return.
