Evan Greenberg: I'll remind you, quite the opposite. When we booked the '20 and '21 accident years, we imagined that those years would remain on trend as we trend years forward with inflation costs, et cetera. We didn't -- we just expected that the reporting pattern of claims, and therefore the payments of claims, might come later. But that those accident years would behave reasonably normally, we just didn't come off trend. So our reserves reflect all of that. I've been saying that for the last couple of years.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, Europe grew -- I'm sorry, we might see it a little different. Europe grew 12% on a constant dollar basis. You then have foreign exchange, of course, the impact of the euro and the pound. But the underlying health and growth, very strong.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, you can -- and by the way, you could see it all in the supplement. Look on the Overseas General page. I can't recall the page number, but you can look in the lower left-hand corner and you'll see by region growth. I can't remember kids' birthdays, but I can remember stuff like that.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. And remember, you're looking on an earned basis, not a written basis. So I just want to give you a nuance that when you talk about coming in above the new loss cost trends and all of that, this is the earned, not the written we're talking about when you get to loss ratio.  And it's broad based. It's across most -- all product lines contributed to the improvement. And the difference in structured transactions -- its impact was really de minimis, tiny. This was just broad-based improvement of rate that exceeded trend across our portfolio and as it earns in.
Evan Greenberg: No. None. Just our judgment around the general loss cost environment, both the trend we have observed, been observing in legal and in nonlegal. And then you have inflation in wages and medical costs and all of the inputs that would go into this. And again, it's not the -- it's not what we're observing today, but we're just looking ahead and trying -- and anticipating and staying on top of it.
Evan Greenberg: It really varies by line of business. And you have both frequency and severity inputs into loss cost trends in any one line of business, and it does just vary. So -- but overall, what I'm -- for proprietary reasons, I'm not going to go into the actual that we are experiencing, but I'm giving you what we're using this trend, which is, I think, better than you're getting anywhere else.
Evan Greenberg: Well, look, Elyse, if I had a perfect crystal ball, I wouldn't be in this business. I'd go do something else. I can't predict the future. But my sense when I look at the tone of the market and the kind of indicators my colleagues look at and that I look at, the market I think there -- and I said it in my commentary. I think the market is, on one hand, becoming more competitive as companies rationally want to grow in what is an adequately rated environment. On the other hand, I see the -- or it can have a sense of the kind of reactions companies are having themselves to loss cost and inflation. It's very transparent -- reasonably transparent in pricing, in values selected in short-tail classes that they apply price against: so inflation factors and property values, et cetera.  And the market is reasonably -- is rational to me at this time, and -- even though it's becoming more competitive. And rates naturally, like in anything else, they -- trees just don't grow to the sky. And so they've achieved adequacy in most all of our portfolio, so rates need to -- fundamentally, rate and exposure together, pricing needs to keep pace with that. And I see the market at this time rational that way.  And I don't see signs that it's going the other way. I see rates people are charging are reasonably -- should -- ought to produce reasonable results. On the margin, there's -- there are people doing dumb things. And you see it, but it's anecdotal. And you always see dumb things. So I feel reasonably confident, but that's as far as I can give you.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, we're not going to update it every bloody quarter. It doesn't move around that much. We gave you -- in the first quarter, we gave you a number. We also said that it contemplated the Cigna deal.
Evan Greenberg: I'm going to turn it over to Tim Boroughs in a second and Peter. But I want to straighten out one thing in your mind that I've also read that 1 or 2 of you wrote.  Held to maturity, if you're going to use that term, is a very specific accounting -- GAAP accounting term. And there are rules around it. If you have something in the held-to-maturity portfolio, which we have a held-to-maturity portfolio, that is a security that, as designated, will not be sold. And you can only sell it under very prescriptive circumstances, i.e., an impairment, avoiding and around managing impairment. And I'm looking at my Chief Accounting Officer who's surprised. I can recall those rules. But that's held to maturity.  We're a buy-and-hold portfolio predominantly. What that says is our intention, all things being equal, is we hold to maturity, but we have the ability to trade.  And by the way, we do trade and -- to take advantage of yields. But overall, the portfolio is held. And so losses will amortize back to par over time. And that's the overall portfolio statement.  Now about where we are beyond that, I'm going to turn it over to Tim and Peter.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. First of all, I think what we just told you is, is our A&H business, which is not a small business in Asia, the Chubb A&H business is close to a $1 billion business. That business grew a healthy double digit in the second quarter. We just gave you that number. So let me start with that perspective.  And secondly, our strategy for Cigna-Chubb together, the value creation is going to come from two things. The efficiencies/expense are just one part. That's not the interesting part to make, it's the ability to create revenue, and therefore earnings growth, from the combination of the two companies. And it's the -- it's -- we're the only company I know of in Asia that has a unified life and nonlife joint approach that is going to together -- and it's a country-by-country strategy, pretty granular to how we're going to accelerate growth faster than either one would have been standalone.  The combined companies, the customer -- remember, these are direct marketing companies. And the customer database of each together is an asset for cross-sell. The ability to approach and to develop a new product approach of unified life and nonlife products which will be unique in the marketplace, and we're already planning, is another source. Our ability to approach more sponsors and get more share of marketing space because of our life and nonlife together.  So our plans are whatever each one was naturally growing, the growth is going to accelerate. And it takes a little time. We'll see it in a modest way in '23. We're going to see much more in '24 and '25 as we go out.  And finally, beyond what has been predominantly telemarketing and independent agent in the Cigna side, like with the Chubb side, a greater emphasis on the mixing and matching now, which is the Asia trend, of digital and telemarketing.  So it's -- this goes across Korea, Thailand, Taiwan in particular, and, to a degree, Hong Kong. And I just came back from the region, and plans are granular and people are off to the races in execution. So there you go.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I think there are some window washers actually outside my window, which really you can't make this stuff up.
Evan Greenberg: They're not large enough to call out. Year-to-date, they're just -- it's a de minimis amount. And that's losses that we have enough information to judge as incurred and put a dollar amount. Of course, we have more exposure than that, that we're watching and observing, but I'm comfortable that our loss picks will contemplate those.
Evan Greenberg: Well, first of all, I don't know what my peers are raising their loss trends to. So I don't know. And I don't know that they're not raising them and have them in the same levels. So I can't speculate that way. What I do know is on -- no different than any other period we've ever been in. We're going to charge what we think is the right rate to produce a reasonable risk-adjusted return. If we can't get paid, we don't write the business. Do I feel like that's going to put me at a competitive disadvantage? Not at this point in the cycle, I don't see it.
Evan Greenberg: As you go forward and things become competitive again, when and if it happens in the future, then of course, I'll trade growth all day long to be sure that underwriting continues to grow book value. I have not changed in 45 years.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I don't know that it presents an exact underwriting risk. It's not a one-for-one direct relationship, but it all feeds the backdrop of the environment we're in, whether it is inflation, whether it is recession because how it impacts people, whether it is social and political strains that lead to instability, whether it is the political strains that lead to geopolitical instability.  You have to consider all that. It's the -- it's part of the -- it all feeds into the background noise and of the risk environment. And so you got to put a broader lens on it when you start, and then you come down to the very specific correlations when you're thinking about individual risk.  And I was bringing it also in context of that it's hardly that we're pollyannish when we're bullish about the future of the company. And as we look forward, we're bullish about the things we can control and that we see in our sites. We try to put all that and remain bullish in context of the external environment as we see it today. And that's my point.
Evan Greenberg: Well, as we do individual reserve studies on each line of business, everything comes to play. So you first start with, how is it performing against frequency and severity, et cetera, against what you expected when you put it up? And also your future loss cost on that accident year, what are the trends you used versus your view of trends today? So all of it gets mixed into an analysis when you're looking at the study of any one cohort of business as we review them.  I say it to you that way because you can't spike one thing out and then use some simplistic way to imagine because you're trying to go to adequacy versus inadequacy or any of that, and I'm trying to pierce through to that thought, if you're following me.
Evan Greenberg: Brian, I'll repeat myself. We're not seeing -- across our business, it's -- we're not seeing the trends that we're actually using -- we're anticipating and increased those in anticipation of future because our business -- the insurance business classically lags. And rather than be lagging and get caught, we try to -- we've all been through this a number of times in inflationary periods. And so it's to anticipate ahead.  And you know what? There are no areas that concern me. I don't think of it that way. We're just vigilant about everything. Or we try to be.
Evan Greenberg: And I said it in the commentary, and I know you listened, that our -- that the rates we're charging -- our business is -- the vast majority of it is achieving an adequate risk-adjusted return. And that means that pricing and rate is adequate. Now you need -- what you really need in particular, and it's not true of the whole portfolio, but the vast majority, you need rate that will keep pace with loss cost. We're anticipating about loss cost, not trying to anticipate and not simply use lagging of what we see because what we see is a combination of frequency and severity, and it varies by line. And that is a bit of a lagging indicator.
Evan Greenberg: The portfolio takes a long time to turn over. So you know what? It's based on portfolio. And I'm not going to go through it, no.
Evan Greenberg: No. I think you're way overseeing this. I think that's an academic approach, not a practitioner's approach. If you think the marketplace today is pricing underwriters and the day-to-day trades are pricing based upon some view of combined ratios where it's been calculated with new money versus portfolio yield, let me disabuse you of that. It is not that finally or I'm disciplined in the way that the marketplace actually works in pricing.  And how long it takes for others to review portfolios, see results, make judgments, then have that passed down to the trading level of how does it impact how we see rates, well, that's a ways out there, and it doesn't really work in that buttoned-up way in most of the world -- the vast majority of the world of insurance.
Evan Greenberg: Well, first of all, we have a different kind of portfolio. We're not general market homeowners or auto, it's high net worth, as you know. And so it's a segment of the marketplace, number one.  Number two, look, we took a lot of pain in the last couple of years in adjusting how we price in the absolute rate we charge, in how we think about it by parrel, how we think about it by territory. And that's never ending. But we had gotten -- the company in total had gotten behind a few years ago in overall pricing and price adequacy. And so we took pain in terms of growth for that.  And I -- my own sense -- and we've seen it in the high net worth category. It's not just rate but price, how you view the values of individual homes and the inflation factors you use, how you do that in fine arts and in other valuables within homes.  We've been very disciplined to adjust to inflation that has been running hot in that area for a while. Competition -- competitors have been slow to do that. And again, we gave up some business at times for that. I think it serves us well at this time, and we're just steady as she goes.
Evan Greenberg: Capital deployment is steady as she goes. We will retain capital for both. We run a conservative balance sheet. We're in a balance sheet business. We're in a risk business. And we will retain capital for risk and volatility, and we will retain capital for growth opportunities, organic and inorganic. And the money doesn't burn a hole in our pocket, and we've been awfully good stewards of capital. I think our history shows that. No change to policy.
Charles Peters: I guess I'm going to pivot to the investment income commentary. Evan, in your comments, you talked about being largely a hold-to-maturity investor or having that strategy. And then you also highlighted the sale of some fixed-maturity securities to take advantage of the new yields. You talked about the book yield being at 3.2%.  If I were to infer from your commentary, it sounds like you might be accelerating the sales and shifting your strategy from the hold-to-maturity to more like a trading just to upgrade on the yields. But I want to put words in your mouth. Maybe you can give us some color on that.
Charles Peters: There was some feedback at the beginning of your comments. And maybe the moderator has the mic open. It wasn't on my end. Just FYI.
Charles Peters: No, no, I heard you fine. I just heard the window washers in the background, and I didn't know if that was the moderator that had...
Timothy Boroughs: Yes, this is Tim, Tim Boroughs. In this environment, with rates rising, first of all, as Evan and Peter mentioned, we have a gap of about 150 basis points between our book and market yield. And this is like Nirvana for bond investors. We're happy campers, right? As new cash flow and maturities come in, for the first time in almost 10 years, we're actually picking up yield. So that's a good thing.  I think in this environment, we're going to focus -- I want to emphasize, we're going to focus on risk-adjusted returns. We're not going to reach for yield and will remain -- we're going to maintain a very high-quality bias.  When we talk about accelerating the turnover, as Evan emphasized, this is going to take place in the same sectors for which those securities are sold. So these tactical moves are incorporated in the investment income guidance that Peter provided, and they're not going to have any material impact on the average credit quality of the portfolio. And obviously, they're going to help to accelerate the rise in book yield.
Timothy Boroughs: I would say, as I said, anything that we now contemplate is incorporated in the guidance that Peter gave.
Timothy Boroughs: And the preponderance of the increase in the guidance, Greg, comes from net interest income. So I think that's the point.
