Evan Greenberg: Yes, that’s a good question and good morning, Paul. The securities related and we don’t see it in general casualty. General casualty is behaving in a steady way. We don’t see the same factors that we see in the U.S. However, in securities related, so in D&O, the UK, Germany which has always been the troubled environment and Australia, there you see the same trends and in a place like Australia it’s even more acute. But that’s been for some time and I’ve been talking about it for a while because it’s the same – we’ve observed the trends for the last couple of years. The UK has worsened over the last two years, maybe three. Australia has been – it began deteriorating about four years ago and accelerated and it’s just a stupid environment now. And Germany given their insured versus insured – and the fact that they have – you have two boards in a company has been a difficult environment for a long time. But that’s about – the other markets around the world are kind of minor.
Evan Greenberg: Well, let’s take the last couple of years, we do have a quota of share that we did not have before and that would be the one major difference. Over the last year, in particular, though it began two years ago but really it’s been the last year, we’ve been reshaping the portfolio. Given the underwriting environment and the level of rate we can charge, we have aggressively pursued more rate increase. So that earns into the portfolio and has a benefit and we’ve reshaped the portfolio around the margin and that continues, particularly in extreme wildfire zones.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, our trend reflects everything we know. And we have – and it’s the overall portfolio, so that’s everything; long and short tail. We have classes in long and short tail with the loss cost trend as benign. And we have in both long and short-tail classes where it is less benign and I specifically spiked out [ph] to talk about the casualty – and I’m using casualty in the broad sense, including professional lines. The areas where we for some time have been talking about that loss cost trends or like loss cost trends, the loss environment has been worsening or becoming more hostile. That’s all baked into that 4.5%. Our selected trend factors by line reflect everything we know that we can mathematically calculate and substantiate is in our loss PIKs. Now, we can’t speak about the future because we don't know the future. We only know what we can observe today in the trends as we see them today and we have reflective all of that.
Evan Greenberg: We had releases and we had – we took reserve charges, as we told you. And when you say lines, it’s the lines that we study in the quarter. We don’t do a deep dive study on all lines every quarter. And as we’ve described numerous times, we have a schedule for that. And so of the lines studied in the quarter, those would be the long-tail ones that had releases. And by the way it’s many sub-lines and so some have some increases, some have decreases, but the aggregate that we gave you was a decrease.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, what I was really relating to more than anything in my mind is I look at the prices people are paying to buy assets, all kinds of assets. And in my mind, in particular, I think about is we purchase insurance companies and we look at those assets and I find the market knows to be tremendously overvalued. And when I look at prices being paid and so much private equity and in IT related and technology related, the asset values are tremendously inflated and really making the comment that investors are chasing absolute yield, not risk-adjusted yield. When I come to our own investment portfolio, we’re very careful about how we invest the risk-adjusted return, not absolute yield, and that’s why Phil made the comment that there won’t be and you won’t see a change in our investment philosophy and strategy, because we’re disciplined and we’re not just going to chase the highest yield, for example, in high-yield bonds where we’re active. We know what we think the right risk-adjusted price is. I’m looking at historic default trends, et cetera. We’re not going to chase and that’s what my comments were related to.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. That bounces around and we’re in the risk-taking business. Brokerage is in the intermediation business only. And I realize we’re both in the advisory business that way. That they have done well, it’s not a zero-sum game. They have done well, I applaud them for it. I reflect they’ve done a good job and congratulations. And we’ll run our own race. And I’m not concerned with Chubb’s ability to outperform over reasonable periods of time and that particularly in comparison to those who were like us, risk takers. Secondly, has the relationship changed? No, it’s fundamentally the same relationship it has been for years. It changes based on tools and capabilities, change. But beyond that, the relationship is – the foundation of it hasn’t changed and that is a broker is in the business of representing their client and their client’s interest and helping them to select – advising them and helping them to select the right coverages, the right insurers and put together the right program. They intermediate that. And our relationship is – brokerage is an ambivalent relationship. You work in partnership together and you also work – you work for each of your respective interest.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Look, I can only speak about what I know, not what I don’t know. There are lines of business – there are numerous lines of business where rate is exceeding loss cost trend and that is – it’s healing margins and therefore it is naturally ameliorating and benefitting margins. And then there are other lines and some of that, it’s actually improving the underwriting margin and in some areas it needs to go further because it’s still not adequate to earn under a positive underwriting margin. So it’s all over the lot. As far as Chubb’s margin goes, I’m not going to prognosticate about the future. The trends as we see them are positive, they’re good and all things being equal it benefits margin. However, I can’t speak to the future loss cost environment and future trends that way. So that’s why I never predict the future when it comes to that. We’re in the risk business.
Evan Greenberg: Not a reset of a base, but remember we’re talking loss ratios and that’s calendar year that can include prior period reserves, that includes current accident year. So naturally you’ve seen very strong rate and with more benign loss years releasing reserves – industry releasing reserves into earnings when I take prior period. And you know as you get to more recent years, rates have been going down, loss cost trends have been rising and you’ve seen underneath the surface of these loss cost trends some of these ones that I just talked about and have been talking about that are more troubling and they show up. And then in the current – that all then rolls forward to the current accident year loss PIKs where you raise your expectations based on what you see today and as it has trended from the recent and past years.
Evan Greenberg: The loss ratio in North America commercial was 2 points. We told you 1 point was year-to-date property were losses outside the loss PIK and we said the other 1 point was casualty related. That’s casualty long-tail lines, which is casualty broadly, and that was in line with our loss PIKs all year, no change. That’s just rate and trend.
Evan Greenberg: No. We’re not seeing it that way. And think about it a little bit. The average loss always it increases by the normal trend factor in the primary layer. Frequency has been pretty steady. It’s always jittery a little bit, but steady. And the severity has risen at a kind of a normal loss cost trend. But what it does is when attachment points and that’s what I was trying to say in excess don’t change over years and years and years, the more losses bleed into that layer. Do you get it? And that’s separate from the larger one-offs that large excess losses that I talked about. I broke bucket two down into two pieces for you. And so to answer your question, no, I don’t see that. Actually, it’s the opposite.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, buddy, you’re over thinking it. I was talking about the underwriting and pricing environment only.
Evan Greenberg: The trend we see in pricing and underwriting, we see – in the areas that this is impacting, we see it continuing.
Evan Greenberg: It’s more simple than that. I’m trying to understand what your – how you’re thinking about it. But remember, the loss ratio is based on earned rate not written rate. And it’s earned rate over – the loss PIK you have, the earned rate goes into. Again, you trend losses forward. We have an overall loss trend factor of 4.5. We had an earned rate of whatever it was in those long-tail areas. That went into us imagining a loss PIK for the year in those casualty areas of X and that has remained steady. We have not changed the loss ratios we have selected in any of our casualty areas.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Best I can give, Ryan. That’s why I’m not prognosticating future, I go back to that, but based on what I see right now, I got a 4.5 loss cost trend and I’ve got – and that is blend of all lines of business and we’ve got rate that exceeds loss cost trend in North America on a written basis.
Evan Greenberg: In some – and I don’t want to overstate it, so I don’t – you can’t take it in, in the overall. But we are getting more changes in deductibles, we’re getting changes in sub-limits, we’re getting changes in attachment points, in casualty excess and those things are all part and are ameliorating and we put values on those.
Evan Greenberg: In some lines, it is, because where we can actually measure it, it is an exposure adjustment and then we take rate against exposure and we determine – where we can determine mathematically, that is the same thing as rate. So we consider it.
Evan Greenberg: I’m not going to speculate on that. But we don’t see any material or substantial future subrogation opportunity for Chubb from PG&E.
Evan Greenberg: I’ll just take that last part. We’ve run in the high 80s to 90 historically and we don’t see a change to that. And by the way, looking at the last number of years we had excellent results, the last few years in that business. It has a natural volatility. It’s crops. It has both a nutritional and a CAT-like nature to it. And this year we’re going to have a less than average year for that business. And let me turn it over to John Lupica for a minute to give you a little more color on that.
Evan Greenberg: Low 90s combined for the fourth quarter would be about where we would imagine if nothing changes from what we know now. But God, there’s a lot of unknowns out there. We have no idea right now about yields. We just don’t know.
Evan Greenberg: For Chubb that’s not a growth area at this time. It has – loss cost trends have been quite benign. And the industry has responded with a lot of competition and lowering the prices, some of it rational, some of it to us, just beginning to overshoot that mark. And the benign loss cost environment it’s questionable whether that will remain. And so we have been – as rates have been coming down, we have been exerting more discipline in that area. It has not been a growth area for us. And I’m speaking about first-dollar primary risk transfer business. In our risk management business, that’s a whole different book and that’s where the – that’s a large account where it’s self insured or self funded on some basis and we provide all kinds of services and we provide excess coverage. And there that’s an area that we’re quite active and probably the largest writer of that in the United States and we have a lot of knowledge and capability. And that’s where the client has skin in the game, and so that we treat different.
Evan Greenberg: Well, you should think that this is the end of October, so we’re one-third through the movie. And I can’t tell you how the movie ends. I didn’t see it before. So I don’t know. We’re in the risk business and part of being in the risk business, we take catastrophe exposure. And so I don’t wring my hands about having catastrophe losses. I’m just concerned that we measured the exposure correctly and did we charge a proper price for taking the risk. Other than that, I’m going to have that volatility, so I’m not wringing my hands. On the Japan typhoon, so far from everything we know, it is not a significant event for Chubb. On the California wildfires there were ongoing right now. The only thing we know is the Tick Fire is the one that’s out and on that one, we didn’t have any losses. And on the other two, it’s just very early days and I’d rather not predict. And I don’t know what the outcomes will be at this moment. Our losses are very minor.
Evan Greenberg: We didn’t have anything mega in the quarter, but we write large accounts there. And so we won a number of new large accounts and that’s what just gets baked into that, but nothing in particular that stands out to us.
Evan Greenberg: It was a strong growth quarter. We won a number of new large accounts in the quarter. But remember, it’s lumpy business. So I can’t tell you the next quarter is going to be the same. It bounces around a bit, but it was very good.
Evan Greenberg: We liked everything we saw about how the market behaved and moved towards us in terms of rates and terms.
Evan Greenberg: Nothing over the last couple of quarters that we’d note. I’ve been talking about this. If you go back into shareholder letters, into quarterly commentaries, we’ve been talking about this for two years.
Evan Greenberg: No, zero, number one. Number two, I think you’re referring to New York. California went into effect, I believe the governor signed it last week and there are a number of other states that are in the middle of passing reviver statute now. We have no way at this point of estimating the exposure and ultimately loss to Chubb in that. And so you’re at the very beginning, it’s way too early.
Evan Greenberg: Meyer, we haven’t done – we haven’t added it up that way or thought about it that way. And when you say the market, that’s asking – I cannot tell you the adequacy of the ocean overall. So, no.
Evan Greenberg: And it will vary – Meyer, I’m not disclosing it, but it will vary – we’re not going into sub-lines, but it will vary – we have a number of property portfolio. We have first-dollar property that is admitted risk, we have first-dollar property that is E&S and they behave differently. We have excess property. And we have other coverages that go along with them and then we have large account property. And it all behaves a little bit differently.
