Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan. Good morning. Our strong underlying business performance continued in the third quarter, producing operating cash flow of $3.4 billion and contributing to a record $8.6 billion through nine months. We remain in a position of exceptional financial strength with over $63 billion in total capital and strong liquidity and with cash and short-term investments of $6.7 billion at quarter end, and this is after paying $5.4 billion cash for the Cigna business on July 1. Among the capital-related actions in the quarter, we returned $1 billion to shareholders, including $685 million in share repurchases at an average price of $186.22 and $346 million in dividends. Tangible book value per share decreased 15.2% since June reflecting changes in AOCI, which includes realized and unrealized losses of $3.6 billion after tax, resulting from rising interest rates on our fixed income portfolio and foreign currency translation losses of $466 million. Additionally, the increased goodwill and intangibles of $1.5 billion related to the Cigna acquisition, represented 370 basis points of the decrease. Excluding AOCI and Cigna, the tangible book value per share increased 0.4% since last quarter. We continue to expect to recover the Cigna dilution within six months, as we said when we announced the acquisition. Book value per share declined 7% for the quarter, reflecting those same AOCI factors. As you saw, the addition of Cigna's A&H and Life businesses in Asia are making an immediate contribution in line with what we expected. For the quarter, the acquisition contributed 7% accretion to operating EPS, 50 basis points to our annualized core operating ROE of 9.4% and 110 basis points to our tangible ROE of 14.4%. Our integration efforts are progressing well, and we are on track with expected expense synergies and net integration costs, as we previously announced. Almost all of Cigna's businesses are part of our Life segment. And going forward, we will not report on a stand-alone basis. We remain consistent and conservative in our investment strategy with 82% of our fixed income portfolio rate investment grade and do not contemplate any major change to our current asset allocation. The Cigna portfolio of approximately $4.3 billion is also high quality with an average credit rating of A+ and 96% of the fixed-income portfolio rated investment grade. As Evan noted, as rates continue to rise, our portfolio's reinvestment rate has increased from 2.3% in December to 5.8% on September 30, while our current book yield is 3.4% versus 3.2% in the in the second quarter. With market rates above our book yield, we have tactically taken advantage of opportunities to increase the portfolio's yield. We have been selectively utilizing gains from equity-related investments and interest rate hedges to fund turning over parts of the fixed income portfolio in this higher rate environment. This, along with the normal turnover of our portfolio, the addition of Cigna's investments as well as certain other items contributed to adjusted net investment income of $1.50 billion in the quarter. Updating our quarterly guidance, we now expect adjusted net investment income to be in the range of $1.40 billion to $1.60 billion. Relative to Hurricane Ian, approximately 77% of the pre-tax catastrophe losses were incurred in the commercial lines, 23% in personal lines. We had favorable prior period development in the quarter of $222 million pre-tax or $162 million after-tax. This is net of $73 million pre-tax adverse development from our legacy runoff exposures, principally environmental related. The remaining favorable development of $295 million is split approximately 11% long-tail lines, principally from accident years 2018 and prior and 89% in short-tail lines. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 75% or 79% after adjusting for cats and PPD. Our core operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.3%, which is above the high end of our previously announced annual range of 16.5% to 18.5%. This is primarily due to the Cigna acquisition and catastrophe losses in lower tax-paying jurisdictions in the quarter. We expect our annual core operating effective tax rate for the full year 2022 to be in the range of 17.5% to 18%. I'll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Peter Enns: Yeah. Tracy, the vast majority of the change you saw relates to two on. One is the Cigna assets coming on, which had a slightly longer duration, which reflects their underlying business. And secondly, mortgage-backed securities, extending out just with a higher rate environment. So there's nothing that we've done proactively or decisively to affect that ratio.
Peter Enns: So what I said was consolidating this into our Life segment going forward. We provided guidance on the initial announcement, and then we gave an update around the earnings accretion. So we don't want to provide ongoing guidance around what that income is going to look like. We just wanted to give you comfort that we were hitting our numbers.
Peter Enns: There was nothing unusual in the earnings. There was a slight increase on a relative basis for some COVID charges in the prior year, in the other international businesses, not Cigna. So the current is what it is.
Evan Greenberg: I don't see it that way. It's not a capital question for the reinsurance industry. It's a risk question. And do you want to deploy your capital against it? In casualty for the reinsurance industry, it's a different question. And that is -- they, too, their ability to recognize that on the casualty side of the business, loss cost trends are hardly benign for all the reasons that we know, and that pricing and rate needs to keep pace with that. So the industry stays on top of it. Reinsurers lag in their recognition of loss cost exposure. And that's at their own peril. They're not careful. So they need to recognize the environment. And I begin -- I believe we're beginning to do that in terms of the terms and conditions they provide insurers and that's more the response I see from the reinsurance industries -- the reinsurance industry in terms of casualty versus property. They both have their own dynamics.
Evan Greenberg: David, the 16% is a global number. And I think that's, first of all, the right way to think about it. We're a global company. And so when we think about property and growing property, it's a global opportunity to us. And so in that respect, absolutely, and it's -- it remains and is a growth area for us. What you then balance it against is we have a finite balance sheet. So we can only take so much concentration in any one geographic area when you imagine that the PML or the loss -- that concentration will produce over certain return periods against your capital. And then it's simply the question, are we paid adequately for the risk and for the volatility we take. And then the last item is reinsurance. And not just the cost of it, but availability because that's renting additional capital and our ability to do that. So -- and that is what impacts certain territories and that's not new. That's standard in how you shape your portfolio and think about concentration of exposure, but we're playing a global opportunity here.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. So I gave you kind of a breakdown in long-tail lines, and I won't give a further breakdown that way. But -- two or three points. One, when it comes to fin lines, experience has been quite good. Overall, when I look at our pricing, it produces favorable risk-adjusted returns. Market competitiveness has been in response to the absolute pricing levels and to experience, but there's plenty of risk out there. And while it's become competitive and is reasonably rational, it can't continue this way into the future or else, frankly, it becomes irrational and would be naive. We have remained disciplined and we are disciplined. There are certain pockets where we deem pricing and it's on the margin to be irrational and therefore, we walk away. On the other hand, what is impacting growth and I reiterate it, remember, you're coming off of a very hot market last year. Interest rates were low. Equity markets were elevated. There was so much money around. There was a ton of M&A and IPO and that produced more exposure. We're in a different world today and so that exposure has shrunk, and that does impact growth as well.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I'm hardly going to read my playbook to you for broadcast out there. In that regard, just stay tuned. But beyond that, property cat is not a growth area for Chubb. Property cat re is not a growth area. Not of any significance.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. First of all, we expect to announce the Huatai approval from the China regulator of the Huatai transaction imminently. So that will be shortly. Secondly, look, I see China as a long-term, medium and long-term opportunity for Chubb and you got to be patient. Of course, and I'll say it right upfront, the trajectory of China from a geopolitical perspective, wilderness [ph] authoritarian, political system, United States and Europe, so the Western world, democratic, individual rights oriented and the geopolitical aspirations of China and versus the balance of versus the US. If we don't find a way to coexist, we're on a path towards conflict. That risk is out there, and you know that. The party and with now the full consolidation of power under sheet, that's not a surprise. It's just the curtain was pulled back on it and it was crisply displayed over the last 1.5 weeks. But that's not a surprise. The consolidation of party control over the economy and industrial policy, and the notion of ideology and security over-economic growth as a priority, in my judgment, will ultimately be against China's own interest. She has an ambitious agenda and to fulfill that and address financial market and economic weakness, you got to have economic growth. The pie has to grow. And my own view is over a reasonable period of time, I don't know, is it one year? Is it three years? They will -- they will be forced to moderate their approach to economic policy -- their ideology, but their approach to economic policy. Practically in their own interest because they need economic growth. And so when it comes to what I [ph], in the short term, we face those economic headwinds there without a doubt. We had a sense of that. But in time and over the medium and longer term, if we don't get in a shooting war, we're optimistic and about the long term that we're making. It is the second largest economy in the world and the need for insurance will continue to grow and that we control. We are the first foreigner to control of financial services holdco in China, I think, is a long-term asset for the company and we're stewards of long-term capability for this organization. And so I'm balancing the risk and the reward. In the short-term, I don't expect it to be a major contributor to Chubb's growth and earnings. But in the longer term, I do. And finally, on a micro level, I'd say this. Our ability to operate in China, Chubb as a foreigner, we have a good reputation. And I -- and I see that we won't face any more regulatory issues or discrimination from all I can see that Chinese companies themselves will face. And in that regard, I see us on a level playing field.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, your two-pin quarter-to-quarter on data point. I'm looking over -- I'm giving -- I picked my head up and try to give an overall landscape, longer term view without pinning to this period or that period precisely, I think it misses the point. That's the best I can give you. The fact is inflation and loss cost trend is there. The fact is I don't know what quarter, but exposure growth, the industry lags, exposure growth is likely to come down because economic growth is shrinking. And that's just going to equal exposure growth shrinking. So, if you look out in the future, not necessarily the fourth quarter. I'm not prognosticating quarter-to-quarter. The rate is going itself is going to have to rise if the industry is going to stay on top of loss cost. And I guarantee you one thing, Chubb is going to stay on top of loss cost.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, as you know, I don't -- I don't talk about what we're looking at or not looking at on that. What I can tell you is right now, Chubb is at rest. And M&A is not something that's on my immediate radar. Building our balance sheet, having flexibility of capital is on my radar. And I believe we're in a period where weakness will show over time in the future. Given economic and financial market and on conditions and as I look out into the future, and we are quite patient people.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's -- it's not a clear picture. And every area of the world is behaving a bit differently. You see the idiosyncratic nature of the US economy that relative to other places, it's got a lot of resilience to it. Employment continues to grow, the economy is intrinsically strong on a broad-based basis and consumers thank the US government have a lot of money in their pocket. That part will be transient. And with the Fed's actions, which I think are the right actions, and I believe the set is going to be patient and stay high for longer. I think they know the lessons, and they're going to make sure inflation is running out of this. The US economy will slow down. No doubt and whether -- and you already see it. And whether we go into a recession or not is a question mark. And my own belief is, if we do, it will be relatively mild. You go to Europe, and Europe is a different picture. They were not experiencing strong economic growth prior to Ukraine. They have the war in Ukraine and energy availability and what that is doing is they start to ration energy on what it's doing to industry and to growth. But at the same time, for the insurance industry in certain areas, the risk environment has changed. And that benefits pricing and rate environment. And I think it benefits opportunity for us, even in the face of all of that. I turn to the Lloyd's [ph] market, that is so heavily reinsurance levered and with reinsurance market contraction and our balance sheet capability, and it's another window to look on the world, and so I see opportunities as we go forward. I moved to Asia, where recession has not bitten in most of Asia. You don't see that. You see inflation picking up on what the future looks like really varies by country. But overall, Asia growth is pretty good. And what I see for our business is a lot of opportunity to continue to grow. It's a very balanced business -- jobs business in Asia between consumer and commercial, between accident and health, whether it's in life or non-life, and our consumer businesses there versus P&C and middle market versus large commercial, it's actually our most balanced business in Chubb around the world. And the opportunities there, I see, whether there's a short-term impact here or there based on economic activity, I can't see that yet, but whether there is or not is transient to me. And I see through that, I see a lot of growth opportunity. So, when I add it all up on balance and given the broad nature of our business, I'm pretty bullish on growth as we go forward, though, of course, I'm cautious as I'm aware about the external environment and the recessionary conditions and inflation, which no one has a perfect handle on.
Evan Greenberg: You got it. The number. That's your job, not my job. I got – I feel really optimistic about the company.
Evan Greenberg: I'm not going to answer it that way for you, but I'm going to try to give you a little more color around it. Let's see if I can frame this, though, for you, which is what you really need is a framing of how we think about it. Aside from the business mix, and seasonality, which impacts the ratio a little bit quarter-to-quarter. The company, an OpEx portion, in particular, is going to continue to improve over time. And I think about that as over a longer period of time. We already run a world-class ratio of efficiency. So let's just start with that. And it's like interest rates dropping percentages that they turn out to be smaller and smaller basis points over time. But so success can be your enemy a little bit. But it's in our culture and operating guidelines that we -- and this has always been true. We grow revenue faster than expense. Now I balance that, though, on the other side, that we -- it's balanced against adding investments in our business to constantly improve our capabilities and efficiencies for future periods. So on one hand, the discipline is we grow expense. We start out growing expense slower. And I'm not going to give -- I'm not going to disclose inside baseball, but we actually have ironclad, reasonably ironclad parameters around that of how much we'll grow expense relative to revenue. But then we balance that against investments we also make to improve efficiencies for the future -- for future periods. So it's the point that while it's efficient, it will continue to improve, and by the way, particularly in our COG operation. That's where I think there is real room for that. And I'm looking at right at Juan Luis, who feels the heat, and there you go.
Evan Greenberg: Look, I can't prognosticate the future. I think rationally, major players have the same kind of data that we do, and they have experience and they see the same trends on the casualty side. And I'm not ringing an alarm bell so that we keep perspective here. Pricing is staying ahead. I'm looking longer into the future and anticipating not what we're seeing at the moment and that it doesn't take a genius to imagine that exposure growth will not continue to benefit that. So the industry will have to get more rate. And we're in a loss cost environment where inflation, it's an inflationary environment. Inflation is running higher than it has in the past. So it will get away from the industry at a much more rapid pace at their peril. If they don't get this, anticipate it and operationalize it in a reasonable period of time so that rate responds. And at the moment, I just play by the facts, and I am dead neutral about it. But I think most -- look, I look where Chubb's combined ratios are and then I look where others are. And there's not a lot of room for forgiveness in most companies' combined ratios. So I have to believe they will be rational.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. And it's a great question. I'm glad you actually asked that question. Combined US is actually -- I'm quite optimistic about it. Here's a deal. COVID really, really impacted it because of two things. Individual -- it's individual agency sales business, going small business by small business or individual by individual, and they pay you monthly premiums. Agency sales during COVID just dried up. And then it's worksite sales, worksite benefits, voluntary benefits to small and medium-sized businesses in particular. And during COVID dramatically hit. And again, that's monthly pay business. We're actually investing. And I'm actually investing money in combined retooling both agency and worksite, which we've done in a very dramatic way. And we're seeing the improvement begin to show to us in new business sales. Now frankly, it's going to take Route 23, before it really shows or before new business on the monthly volume of that and how it turns into renewal business to really show against the total base that has a natural lapse rate in it. And I see combined as a growth business. And for myself, where it will really show to you is 2024 onwards.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it's going to vary by line of business. If you're going to get a property cat exposed, yeah. Though I think the E&S market is going to have pressure because of reinsurance availability and capital that uses E&S to front for it. I think that's going to -- I think that problem is in front of the E&S market overall. But rate, while that may impact its overall exposure growth, I think rate is going to overwhelm it. On the other side of the coin, I think on the casualty side, the admitted market is -- which gave up a lot of volume to the E&S side of the house. I see that actually probably growing faster on the admitted side than the E&S side as we go forward.
Evan Greenberg: I can only be wrong. From my point of view, I'm playing both tables aggressively where I see opportunity in rationally. So whoever wins the race, wins the race.
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm not answering that question. The only thing I'm the answer is we're not a January 1. We don't renew our catastrophe reinsurance January 1. Thank you very much.
