Evan Greenberg: Well, very short answer, will be real quick. I'm not commenting on M&A, and Chubb's appetite and whether we're entertaining this or that, just stay tuned.
Evan Greenberg: We took no adjustment to our COVID charge. We see our reserve as adequate, nothing that shows us any reason to be imagining any charge. Thank you very much for your questions.
Evan Greenberg: No, Greg, I haven't calculated it precisely. But it has spread to more lines of business and more cohorts at risk. And when I think of cohorts, and that's why I use that term, it's line, it's customer cohorts within line. So if you think of large account versus upper middle market versus middle versus small, and then I do it by territory. And I think about it across geography. And when I look at it that way, it continues to spread. It's more in the middle market then it was. It's in more geographies. It's in more large account business, in more geographies and it's spreading to more lines of business, and within lines of business, it's been accelerating.
Evan Greenberg: Greg, I gave you such transparency by breaking down, as I did for you in the commentary. It was a gift. And I gave you a sense of what, at least I can see right now were current condition-related versus what is structural-related and from there, I don't have a crystal ball to go forward. But I gave you [indiscernible] half there.
Evan Greenberg: The half is run rate related, and the rest, it has to do with the environment. Well, I can't tell you precisely when does travel open up, when does businesses open up, when do you back at, not just traveling but meetings and other activities that have to do with people to people contact and all the rest of that. I can't tell you that.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, look, Elyse, it's going to earn its way and it will continue to have an ameliorating and positive impact on margin. That is what I'm telling you. And I see margin improvement and loss ratio, all things being equal, and I gave you a sense on expense ratio. Beyond that, I'm not going to get to point estimates and I'm not going to - as you know, we don't give forward guidance. So I actually, right to the line to give you a better sense than I have of that. Remember the 15% breaks down by line of business, and some lines require more rigs than other lines do, and it depends on loss trend, it depends on where you're starting from, and I gave you a sense as well that on a policy year basis, it's not a matter of making underwriting profit. That's my minimum red line in a soft market. There are harder market and what we strive for over any cycle is to earn a proper risk-adjusted rate of return, which means a combined ratio that will generate just that. And we consider all the factors, trend and loss ratio, et cetera. And we're coming closer in different lines of business to pricing levels that will achieve that. It's not there yet and we will continue to - I imagine, and I see that we can - and I'm confident that we will continue to publish improved margins as we go forward. All things being equal, because I can't predict volatility in the risk environment, cats, et cetera. So I hope that helps you.
Evan Greenberg: I don't see it as like the early 2000s. I don't see it that way in terms of rate. Look, Elyse, look at the loss cost environment. We just look at the cat environment. You got to be able to pay for cat, and modeled and non-modeled, and in short tail lines, the industry is chasing a risk environment in that area. You look at casualty, when you look through COVID plus and minus. And I can expand on that comment of COVID plus and minus later. But when you look through you have a loss cost environment that is not benign, and you have an industry that in my judgment fell behind on pricing, quite a bit behind and the momentum is very good, but it's got ways to go. And then there are some areas, look at the size of workers' comp in the market, and workers' comp rates have continued to go down. And that's - we don't see that as a growth area to Chubb. Workers' comp continues to go down, and I wonder if the industry won't shoot the mark in that area. Right now, you have - we can come back to it. It's one of the areas that may have some frequency benefit from COVID et cetera, but that ultimately becomes a head fake [ph], and then you play catch up. So mixed bag. I don't see it as the early 2000s, but I see it as a very healthy trend, and we are in a hard market and it needs to sustain itself.
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm not going to. I'm not - that's proprietary. That I'm not going to get into, and I don't think that benefits in investing thesis. So I'm not - I'm sorry Mike, I'm not going there.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. Latin America is only three months since I think I gave you the last update on it, and not much has changed. Latin America is the one region that I think is going to suffer the most and will continue to suffer. When you add the combination of economic conditions there, political and government-related policies and leadership, the general infrastructure and the management of healthcare and the capabilities of government healthcare, in the security situation in numerous countries in Latin America, it all mixes to where you can't be overly optimistic. It's not a region where I'm expecting to see growth. We are - we have negative growth right now and I expect that, that will turn around because we have a large consumer lines business, and that is beginning to - it's beginning to stabilize and quarter-on-quarter, it is starting to look a little better. And we'll then get to - is the year we get into 2021, it will have - it will stop being the drag and you'll have a year-on-year comparison, and it will improve. And some of the fundamentals in Latin America are stabilizing. But I don't see it as a real growth area now. And at the same time, I would say this, we make money in Latin America and our combined ratios are healthy. We have a good book of business. We have a good position. We've got a great team, and we're positioned to take advantage. We got a lot of opportunity, and we're signing up a lot of new distribution et cetera. And so over time, and at some point and that's why it's good to be a diversified global company as we are - at some point, Latin America will contribute in a better way to the organization.
Evan Greenberg: Look, and you don't want to divide this. We use normalized trend to price, which is really data through the first quarter of '20. We looked through COVID, both the pluses and minuses, that in our judgment are temporarily distorting. And so we view COVID on one hand as a cat event, and it's a cat event that's producing some plus and minus. On the one hand you have the COVID benefit from a reduction in frequency. And that's showing up and it shows up early. On the other COVID losses are emerging so far from our global look at it, they are in the $30 billion range. And it's mostly short tail and we stick to our view of the ultimate industry COVID loss. Most companies to me appear to be recognizing COVID losses as they emerge and they're going to emerge over the next few years. You haven't really seen the COVID casualty end of it. I should - it may be in your parlance, long tail. Does the benefit from frequency we're seeing right now ultimately offset the ultimate development on COVID, I doubt it. But I don't know. So as things stand that means, again we price, looking through both the benefit of lower frequency and we look through the COVID loss itself, as we treat it as a CAT and we did our darnedest to recognize it, to ultimate. And there is nothing we see so far that changes our view of that at all. So that's fundamentally how we look at it. In my judgment, that's how any good underwriter should be thinking about this. So then that says you imagine that the world ultimately reverts to the normal trend lines we had been seeing in casualty, professional lines, property, et cetera, et cetera. And that's what we used to price, and to imagine the appropriate returns on the business. And may be that gives you a better organized way, of thinking about this.
Evan Greenberg: Your first part I agree with. Your second part, you have said twice to me, and you noticed I'm steady in not answering that.
Evan Greenberg: Well, first of all, E&S is growing. Rate adequacy, I return you to my comments about policy year, be careful with the statement, just because you're getting a lot of rate, you got to know where the classes started from. We shrunk - I'm going to give you an example. We shrunk primary casualty in the US. E&S just dramatically. That business in my judgment in the US, probably running a 150 anyway. So how much rate do you think that area needs to get to produce a reasonable risk-adjusted, let alone umbrella or access. So you know what you need depends on where you're starting and so imagine that now E&S is one of the growth engines right now for Chubb, between Westchester, Bermuda and London, exactly as I told you before. It's a growth engine. And how big can it become as a percentage of the company, well the rest of the company is not standing still, except temporarily the consumer lines businesses going backwards a little bit. So I'd return you - I probably - which I can't. I'm not going to do, return you to that old joke about how - what it would be. It will grow as a percentage of the company. Thank you.
Evan Greenberg: Oh my god. No, Brian, you're way over thinking this. We have plenty of capital flexibility. There is not a prayer, I'm going to starve any business of growth because of capital, no, no. The businesses are left to grow as rapidly as underwriting conditions and our risk appetite warrant and our ability to get out of our own way and get after it allows. And so, no. And at the same time, I can guarantee you with this share price I'm a buyer.
Evan Greenberg: Listen this is a - no, it's not just the share price. It's - that's actually my last consideration. That's my consideration in terms of do we buy or not buy once we've looked at a moratorium. The moratorium lifting is based on simply good balance sheet and capital management and stewardship of the business. And that is based on our visibility in both understanding the environment we're in, the risk environment, the economic environment, et cetera, the stability of the organization versus that, as we see it and our overall balance sheet position. And all that says to us, okay. It's prudent to lift that moratorium.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I'm certainly driving to get there, and this isn't calculus where you approach it, and never reach it. I expect to achieve it. And there is both clear-eyed management position I can give you. And I think that's in the industries best interest to achieve stability in the face of a more hostile loss environment and the uncertainty in environment, this industry needs to achieve the proper risk-adjusted return and that varies by area of business and by company on the degree [ph], but I'll tell you what, our objective of achieving in that 15% range has not changed. That's where we are [ph].
Evan Greenberg: Well, the market is not - the firming market is not about A&H, and it's not about personal lines. Those are very idiosyncratic, and they go to their own rhythm and personal lines in particular is a country by country, line by line. But the commercial lines business in international has many of the same trends that North America does and it varies by country. I guarantee in the short-tail lines, it's got the same trends and faces the same kinds of exposures, that I'm sure you have noticed. By the way just remember Australia wildfires, floods, wind, hail storms, just take them across the various geographies and international. And then in the long tail areas, well, I'd refer you to professional lines, into different countries casualty, marine in certain markets, it has its own - it has its own rhythm to it, and patterns, themes are the same as North America, varies by -
Evan Greenberg: I didn't get the last part of that question. I understood what you said expense ratio blah - not blah, blah, blah, but I got expenses. I didn't get the punch line Ryan.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think I gave it to you already when I gave you the operating expense ratio and told you how much was kind of COVID and health-related environmental, and excluding that about half of the improvement in the OpEx was our own structural. And so that gives you - that I think that answers your question. But I don't give forward guidance. And on the other hand, what I also tried to give you, which I don't have a crystal ball on it, and that is in the acquisition ratio we benefit from mix because of consumer lines coming down, and God bless, that's one that I hope turns itself around and we have the pleasure of seeing our acquisition ratio to a degree, go back up because of the A&H business and some of the personal lines business, right.
Evan Greenberg: I know what you're asking me. You know I've been saying for some time that the more recent accident years in casualty, when we look at trends, and others have spoken about it, so called social inflation, which I think it's too narrow a way of thinking of things. But in any event, you see - you saw rates continue to go down. And then loss costs, particularly in the frequency, and to a degree are dependent on the area of severity, the trends worsening. We saw - we've been aware that - and we have reserved and priced for it. I'm not sure the industry has reserved adequately for '17, '18 and '19. And we'll see over time but I think that's also part of the impetus that continues hard market, resolved to recognized and get paid for the exposure and for some, maybe to address holes they'll have in some of those more recent accident years. We'll see.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. You're home because we're in a health crisis, and we got an economy with fits and starts, and we've got it globally. The visibility is not great. We have economic activity in terms of businesses, are they opened or closed. We have a hard market and we have exposures, are they reduced, are they the same or they're increasing. Trying to guess all of it in a general environment, don't - I'm saying it to you this way first, because don't narrow your sight to simply the insurance market or you miss the real picture, that it's in context of a world that is unprecedented in our lifetimes. And so if I'm going to give - if I'm going to be responsible in any of my comments in that regard, of course I'm going to be reasonably sober in what I say. We're benefiting from all of the insurance market-related dynamics we've been talking about. And on the other hand, we have the vagaries of the world I just mentioned and that's what you add together, and we're doing our best to drive through that. There will be some in our business, particularly by the nature of it large account, middle market, small consumer and the regions of the world, we operate in, there'll be some variability in growth rate quarter-on-quarter between the quarters, but overall all things considered, I'm very confident in Chubb's ability to outperform.
Evan Greenberg: Yaron, first of all, I'm not sure in that comment, you just listened to what I had to say, I'm sorry about what's the COVID benefit versus COVID losses and how to think about that. And what I was very clear about - so that's head fake and you want to go back and think about that with all due respect. But I think you see through that and you look at the trends, and you look what the industry requires to achieve a reasonable risk-adjusted and will clients decide that - well the arbitrage - will large clients decide, well, the arbitrage I got for me because you were selling to me cheap. And I can't take advantage of that anymore. So I think I will increase my retentions and take more myself. Will that occur? Sure it'll occur. And it always occurs and it's natural and it should happen. And that's not a problem to me. Is the industry overcharging and therefore there'll be a natural response against that? Absolutely not. And by the way the last point that I think that I'm going to make to you that I think you left out, when you talked about industry loss costs, you talked about loss ratio. Well, let's also talk about the reinsurance market. And the reinsurance market, I have some sense of their exposures, and I have some sense of what they are running, and we have yet to see the real response, from the reinsurance industry, which increases the cost to the insurance industry, which means that rates continue to move because costs go up. And do I think for the industry this is great behavior? No, I hate the cycles this way. It's because the clients took advantage of very cheap pricing that kept going down year-by-year. The industry kept providing it to them, the brokers kept broking, and no one came with clean hands in it. And it gets to a point then where pressure builds and it goes the other way and it does it in a way that I don't think it's the most responsible way of doing this. But that's where we are. Thank you for the questions.
