Evan Greenberg: Well, this is hardly a new topic, and I'm not going to really rehash old ground. We've been talking about this for a number of years. So, no, there's nothing new. And just look back on our quarters, look back on what we use for loss cost development. Reinsurers who just simply -- and we've been saying it, they've lagged in recognition. And so, they're just beginning to catch up to it. Welcome [indiscernible]. I really don't know what to add beyond that. There's no news to us. And frankly, I don't think there's really that much news to them. They've just been slow to be willing to recognize it. And when you fall behind on casualty, it's very painful. You got to catch up.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, cyber is a relatively new line for the industry. It's been around a number of years, but when you view it relative to other lines of business, it's relatively new exposure. And by the way, it's an evolving exposure. The world is more interconnected in everything today, for example, than it even was -- more so than it was three years or five years ago. The world is a hostile environment, geopolitically and from a criminal element point of view. The ability to use cyber as a tool of mischief or worse and for ill-gotten gain is evolving. The tools that those actors use are evolving. At the same time, the industry, and Chubb included, are improving our ability to manage the risk and to underwrite and provide risk management capabilities around these exposures. So, on one hand, the criminal element is gaining more tools. And at the same time, law enforcement and those like our industry are gaining better tools and better insight. It's both. So, it's evolving. It's an active environment from a loss point of view, frequency and severity of loss. And industry pricing and industry coverage has to reflect that. I notice it in some segments of the business where I think there is discipline. And then, there are other segments of the business that I think could use more discipline. And the good news about crop, around crop cyber, unlike, say, casualty, it reveals its secrets quickly. And so, if you're too loose in your underwriting and you're just chasing the market share, you're going to get caught pretty darn quick. And I'll stop right there.
Evan Greenberg: In general, personal lines market in North America, that's not a market for us. We don't bring anything to that party. And frankly, I think it is a well-served market. Some would suggest it's over-served. We have a -- not a -- it's pretty big niche, high net worth in the United States, and our capabilities and our insights are just so specially built for that, that we have a real true franchise advantage. We're distinctive, and that's what we look for. When you get outside the United States, general auto -- general market auto and homeowners, it's a commodity business, and most chase it for volume rather than for a decent return on underwriting. We're very selective of how we do it. We constantly search and research environments around the world where it can suit our approach to underwriting and we can bring a distinct advantage to the marketplace and build a franchise of size that has a competitive advantage. For a number of reasons, Mexico is one of those for us where we insure over 2 million autos, and we run a combined ratio that is the envy of the industry.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Greg, last year in the third quarter, so just the level set, there were, as you know, much larger cat events. And so, we collected a lot of reinstatement premium last year in the third quarter that we didn't have those level of cat events this year. So, if you adjust for that, our reinsurance business actually grew in the third quarter by 20%. So, just to level set about that, we're not running away from the reinsurance business. On the other hand, as I have said, I think it's a, for Chubb, it is a better trade to us to grow our insurance property and catastrophe-related exposure than it is to do it through our insurance -- our reinsurance operations. And so, we have put much more capital or taking more exposure on the insurance side where we've got great transparency, we've got great distribution reach, we've got underwriting expertise up and down the food chain from personalized to small commercial to large industrial commercial, the E&S, across North America, across the globe. And so, we're participating heavily and choosing to do it there. On the -- and we'll see what 1/1 produces, and if we like the risk-adjusted returns on a relative basis to insurance, then we would lean in and do more in the property cat area. But it's not -- the money's not burning a hole in our pocket by any means. On the other side, reinsurance casualty, as I just said, look, it's not a new story to us about casualty, and nor to our -- those who run our reinsurance business. They have the insights of Chubb's insurance business. And so, we've been very, very cautious and we've shrunk our market share significantly. If casualty re-improves to a point where it reflects the environment and you can earn a reasonable risk-adjusted return, you'd see us right more there. Other than that, we've got plenty of handles to pull in Chubb, and we remain patient and cautious. It's the only way to outperform in the insurance business, as far as I know, overtime.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, thanks so much, David. Look, it's pretty simple. It was a couple of non-repeat or one-off fronted or structured deals. So, adjusting for those -- and really like two or three, the gross growth was actually in line, right in line with that. So, there's no underlying trend or broad sort of systemic. It was simply related to a couple of fronting deals.
Evan Greenberg: It's no -- there's nothing new, no news story about it. It's auto and excess casualty, and it's those years of '17 to '19, maybe a little bit of '16, and that's about it.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. This is -- there aren't more words for me to that -- we've all been talking about it, so, for a number of years, and it is -- just continues to develop a bit and we just strive to stay right on top of it.
Evan Greenberg: Loss cost inflation, let me tee off of that for a second. I think your mental model may not be exactly right. Loss cost inflation over the last two years and maybe longer, you've watched it step up our disclosed loss cost inflation. And when it steps up, it first impacts your view and therefore your pricing and your loss ratios for your current accident year. You then have to apply it going back on your in-force reserves. But your in-force reserves continue to develop. And as they develop, if they develop with more inflation in the current calendar year than you imagined, and you think it has credibility, then you have to adjust those reserves going back. And then, that informs your inflation factor you're going to use in the current period. And that's why you see inflation as loss cost inflation has evolved over the last few years with the notion of increase of frequency of severity in particular. You had the pandemic and those who I think were smart were careful and didn't imagine that patterns had changed even though you couldn't observe them and kept trending the same. But you trended the same and if inflation was a little worse when you look back on it, then you have to keep adjusting for that. We have produced, what I can tell, $600 million through three quarters or more of prior period reserve, positive development. That's on a trend of a net $800 million. And we've had legacy run-off exposure, asbestos, environmental, molestation, all of that included in that. I think when you look back historically on Chubb, the reserve development is pretty steady and pretty prudent there.
Evan Greenberg: No, I think both comments are consistent. It depends on what line of business you're talking about. And we adjust our exposure, it's adjusted exposure. And therefore, it adjusts to reflect only that portion of the exposure that acts like rate. And that will vary by line, different for general casualty than it is for workers' comp. Different for property, how you look at it -- how you view it. So, the percentages and the ingredients, it varies by line of business. And that's reflected in how we look at it for ourselves and disclose it to you. And then, by the way, depending on the line of business, we also, to make it one step more complicated, but you don't need to worry, we just show you a net of it, we also, there's economic, and then we have insurance adjustments that can take exposure down. We increase retentions of a client in casualty. We increase deductibles in property. That's actually reducing exposure and that adjusts and gets netted.
Evan Greenberg: No, not really, Paul. We just had better information. By the nature of this growing season, for instance, winter wheat -- you know that in the third quarter, and winter wheat, as an example, is under pressure this year relatively. And so that goes into the loss ratio number. California had storm events and et cetera that revealed losses earlier. So, we just had better data to be able to adjust this year in the quarter than we -- in the third quarter than we did last year where it really emerged very late, I think tail end of harvesting.
Evan Greenberg: No. We're -- in fact, we've used, and we -- not this quarter, we had done it in the past. We've reflected on a bit higher medical inflation trend, recognizing that medical inflation overall is more elevated. And what you see in a current period when you're booking an accident year, is only so relevant because comp has a tail to it and medical has a tail to it. And so, you reflect that -- at least here, we reflect that prudently and how we think about medical inflation when we construct our loss picks.
Evan Greenberg: I don't square with that comment. I believe I gave you like 23% in property. Property pricing remains extremely strong. So, you're seeing something that we're not seeing.
Evan Greenberg: No, it's just -- no, there's nothing. This is volatility [quarter-to-quarter] (ph) depends what we might write a little more in commercial lines versus -- in middle market versus what we wrote in E&S versus what we wrote in major accounts. But on a cohort for cohort, we're not seeing a difference.
Evan Greenberg: There was in middle market, workers' comp, not large account workers' comp. This is the quarter that we study middle market.
Evan Greenberg: I'm not -- we don't come out with parts and pieces, and so, we look at it, we roll it all together. But there was more in auto and excess together on a gross basis, and then there are other lines that are better. And so, you add it all together and it nets.
Evan Greenberg: Yaron, I think I just answered it. So, I'll repeat myself. We adjusted our loss picks to reflect in our inflation numbers we use. We adjusted to reflect our view of higher medical inflation already, and we did that a number of quarters ago. And we're steady in the use of that because we already raised it.
Evan Greenberg: I don't underwrite for the industry. So, I don't see what the industry fix. I don't know what each company fix. I can only manage Chubb. If everybody wants to give me their's, I'll find on it, but I don't have much.
Evan Greenberg: I don't see -- you're conflating two things. What people actually charge in the marketplace? And what their loss picks are, what their charge reflects? They may be reflecting the same things I reflect and they're willing to underwrite to 100%. And I'm not. So, I can't take that bait you're putting out there.
Evan Greenberg: I just don't know what they're each picking for loss cost and then how -- whether they want to underwrite to a 97% or 95%, when at Chubb, we're just not going to do that.
Evan Greenberg: Yaron, take a step back, if you would, with me for a second. Look at the combined ratios we are putting on, they are world-class. They are unbelievably good. They're believable, because they're real. They are tremendous. North America's loss ratio year-on-year has improved almost half of it from what is a really world-class to begin with. It speaks for itself. These are great combined ratios. And when you look at sequential this or you look at that, I just don't relate to that.
Evan Greenberg: It's like -- it's tremendous. And you take that kind of -- those kinds of underwriting margins, you add stronger premium growth to it, you look at what I think is responsible pricing across the portfolio, ex cat for an accident year for insurers right now are going to look lower because everybody is more cat-levered in their pricing -- in their combined ratio because they're writing more property and they're getting the price on -- probably they're writing more property and taking more cat exposure, of course. And the real action to me is, therefore, what's your published combined ratio? Are you charging adequately? And by the way, that includes are you charging adequately for your property and property cat exposure? There'll be volatility quarter-to-quarter, but over a period of time and masked within there, what are you picking for your casualty combined ratios? And how are you underwriting for that? And when you mix the two together, you better be running a pretty darn good current accident year ex cat combined ratio. That's more of the way I would be thinking about this if I was on the outside.
Evan Greenberg: No, I'm not seeing. It's pretty -- this industry just has -- does what I think is a pretty dumb stuff at times. And financial lines is a very broad category. It has everything from public D&O to private D&O, non-profit D&O, errors and omissions of all kinds, cyber insurance. So, it's a real dog's breakfast of a lot of different lines. And each one goes to its own drum right now a bit. There are large pockets in there that I think are stable and/or managed adequately or handled decently. Then you have a couple where, my God, the number of MGAs that have pens today and the amount of capacity that proliferates. And by the way, a lot of that capacity coming back to the same balance sheet aggregating back, and you've got this sort of circular firing squad, which we tend to do now and again. It's in those areas that I don't see green shoots. And then the rest behaves reasonably to me. So, I wouldn't lump -- my first message to you, don't lump financial lines altogether. And then secondly, there's a couple of dumb areas.
Evan Greenberg: I haven't seen it really, because higher interest rates are also a proxy for loss cost inflation. So, you've got an industry that I think is trying to stay on top of loss cost or has that impetus behind them to stay on top of loss cost in casualty. And other than in workers' comp, it hasn't been totally benign as you well know, and it's been around for a while. So, I think that higher yields are ameliorating. And by the way, if you do the math and you translate the higher yields to what it means to earn the same return, what combined ratio affect you would get to achieve the same return, it's modest in combined ratio relatively, 1 point here, 1 point there, it's not like, wow, I can raise my combined ratio as 5 points to achieve the same 15%, as an example, risk-adjusted return. No, you can't, and we run the math.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Well, we touched a bunch on it last quarter, and I'm going to just -- it doesn't change in two or three months. So, I'm going to reiterate it a bit to you. We operate in 12 countries in Asia. Half our business is commercial, half is consumer. And the consumer spreads across non-life and life. We're the largest direct marketers of insurance in Asia easily. And our life and non-life operations work closely together. We have huge digital capabilities that have grown out at dust. And the world is converting in direct response marketing from phone-based to digital to a combination of the two. Our agency operations for distribution, our brokerage operations for distribution, we play up and down the food chain of lower middle market right through to the largest corporate and we segment distribution and product that way. And it is across 12 distinct markets. Asia and North America are the two regions, I think that will have the greatest economic growth potential over the next decade or two. And Asia, get out of China, Asia is very vibrant, very dynamic. North Asia, older population. Southeast Asia with over 700 million people, young populations, and those economies are growing more quickly and they're emerging. Look at Vietnam today. Look even where Indonesia is going today. Singapore, those markets are all -- and Thailand, those markets are so dynamic with a lot of opportunity, but it's hard work. You have to really know those markets, and we've been there for decades. And we have spent the time to build and build and build capability on a local market basis. It's nothing to say you're in Asia. It's where are you in your capability in Thailand or Vietnam or any of these markets. They're distinct and you've got to have local capability, knowledge and a good command and control around underwriting. I'm very energized about what I see for this company over time in Asia. And I think it will continue to represent over time a greater share of our business. Thanks for the question.
