Phil Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. A record operating earnings for the year contributed to growth in our tangible book value per share of 5.3%. Book value was negatively impacted by foreign exchange valuation losses of $600 million for the quarter and $750 million for the year. These losses relate to our net asset exposure to foreign currencies. They represent a point in time mark-to-market valuation adjustment and do not affect the capital position of our foreign operating units. We match our assets and liabilities in each jurisdictions and we keep our required capital in local currencies. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency movements, tangible book value per share increased 8.6% for the year. Goodwill and intangibles relating to the two acquisitions we made in the year had an additional negative impact on tangible book value per share of 2.7 percentage points. Excluding the impact of both foreign exchange and the acquisitions, tangible book value per share increased 11.3% for the year. Our tax rate on net income for the quarter was 29.5%. This is higher than our normal run-rate and was impacted by deferred tax charge included in the $600 million foreign exchange loss. This item added 14.6 points to the tax rate. We had very strong cash flow of $1.3 billion for the quarter and $4.5 billion for the year that benefited our investment income and contributed to growth in our cash and invested assets of $63.6 billion, which were up $2.1 billion for the year. Record investment income for the quarter of $577 million was better than anticipated principally due to higher private equity distributions and higher call activity in our corporate bond portfolio. Our strong cash flow will continue to benefit our estimated quarterly investment run-rate – investment income run-rate of approximately $555 million even with current new money rates of 2.8% versus our current book yield of 3.8%. The estimated investment income run-rate is subject to variability and portfolio rates, call activity, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. During the quarter, we had after-tax realized and unrealized gains of $55 million related to the investment portfolio and a mark-to-market loss on our VA reinsurance portfolio of $153 million. Both of these were due principally to decreasing interest rates. Our net loss reserves were up $107 million for the year or 0.4%. They were up $659 million or 2.5% for the year, adjusted for foreign exchange. The paid to incurred ratio was 101% for the quarter or 87% on a normalized basis, which takes into account prior period development and crop loss payment activity. This quarter’s ratio is seasonally affected by significantly more crop payments than incurred losses, which normally occurs in the fourth quarter. Our paid to incurred ratio of 96% for the year was flat with last year. In the quarter, we had net positive prior period development of $107 million pre-tax. For our active companies, we had $237 million of positive prior period development, approximately half from long tail lines principally from 2008 and prior. The remainder was from short tail lines. In our Brandywine and other run-off operations, we strengthened reserves by $130 million pre-tax. The charge related mostly to asbestos and comprised account specific development and defense-related costs on existing accounts. Average indemnity severity for individual asbestos claims has remained stable. Cat losses were $64 million after-tax in the quarter from a number of worldwide weather events. Full year A&H net written premiums were up 4.4% on a constant dollar basis, while A&H operating income was down 0.9%. Normalizing from prior period development and positive non-recurring items last year, A&H operating income was up 4.9%. Total capital return to shareholders during the quarter was $650 million, including $430 million of share repurchases and $220 million in dividends. Our total share repurchases were $1.5 billion from the November 2013 announcement of our plan to year end 2014. I will turn the call back to Helen.
Phil Bancroft: He is talking revenue growth. What you saw as the FX impact in the fourth quarter, I am no genius at this, but I can imagine that same pattern year-on-year as you look at first quarter or second quarter if exchange rate stay the same we’re going to see roughly the same impact.
Phil Bancroft: I think Evan is right, it really does vary combination, for us it’s really a combination of the sum insured at the home. The lines of business that you purchased; are you also purchasing an excess liability and umbrella policy; do you have multiple homes with you; do you have fine art collections, etcetera. And ultimately, we would also look at the premium that that account really drives, but for us, really it’s a combination of all those things.
Phil Bancroft: It’s just an accounting charge. We have strengthened reserves by the $130 million that I mentioned, but there is no transfer of capital necessary for that.
Phil Bancroft: Well, we haven’t done anything in terms of taking additional risk. Our portfolios, primarily corporate bonds and government securities in those jurisdictions and we haven’t made any plans as I say to change the structure or to take additional risk. We talk about our overall book yield continuing to drop as our portfolio rotates into those lower yields, but we have been doing a pretty good job of keeping the portfolio turn over to a minimum and keeping our book yields fairly constant.
Phil Bancroft: And in most jurisdictions, we have to keep our assets and liabilities in currency and that will require capital. So, there is really, if you are thinking we might invest euro liabilities somewhere in some other currency that wouldn’t happen.
Phil Bancroft: I think with respect to the alternatives, they were probably about $10 million more than we expected. And then I would add to that the fund, the call activity on our bond portfolio that added another $10 million. So, in addition to that, our portfolio yield was a little bit higher than we expected. So, all of that together, I gave you last quarter a run-rate of $550 million and you can see we came in at $577 million, but that’s what comprised the difference.
Phil Bancroft: The claims activity, Jay, it’s reasonably well behaved. It overall from inflation perspective, I see it as reasonably tame either within or below trend as we would imagine it to be. On the other side of the coin, depending on the market, there is certain competitive market behavior that drives down premium rate below what loss cost is and those are the areas that you got to pay attention to and take action. And there is of course – there is more of that today than there was a year ago and there is more of that a year ago than there was 2 years ago. I mean, that’s just natural.
Phil Bancroft: You got to be so vigilant and on top of portfolio management, line by line, territory by territory and just don’t take your eye off of it.
Phil Bancroft: So, our investment portfolio is bonds, that’s where the – that’s where our exposure is. And it’s about 5% of the portfolio, it’s 3% and you see the two pieces that you are looking at, we have a third piece in the non-dollar portfolio that just isn’t split by sector. So, it’s about $3 billion in total. The average credit rating is BBB. It’s well-diversified, there is 250 issuers, and the top holdings are in the largest integrated companies that are all investment grade. So, we have studied it. We are very comfortable with the concentration and the entire portfolio is trading over par right now. So, we are comfortable with the valuation. 
Evan Greenberg: Sure. Most of that is really due to large loss activity outside of a loss-paving fourth quarter last year versus this year, so a more benign quarter for us this year.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. As you well know, we are pretty rigorous planners. We have a plan for 2015 and our growth in the fourth quarter and our growth in the first quarter as far as we can see in local currencies continue as we expected to be. There is always some places that get a little worst because of economic activity some places that get better. And overall we are looking pretty good. And the pattern overseas has been that Europe and the UK have been relatively flat for sometime. Asia and Latin America have been going – growing overall at double-digit. And that pattern excluding some re-underwriting in Latin America in the fourth quarter continued and we see a continuing from what we can see.
Evan Greenberg: First of all, we don’t give guidance. So you won’t get that. But you saw – you yourself see what the fourth quarter impact currencies had on revenue growth. So I think you see a theme that a stronger dollar obviously impacts revenue though far more modest and its quite modest impact to earnings.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t hedge on revenue. The only thing we hedge from time to time is cash movements, remittances.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think there were given – we have talked about this for a while. And I was asked this I think in the call that we had my view of given the softness in the reinsurance environment and the wholesale market particularly London and Bermuda, which to me are quite akin to the reinsurance market. The pressure that that places on smaller players and to me I imagined there would be more consolidation and we are seeing that. I think there is a drive to a bigger balance sheet that gives some more flexibility and it’s more attractive to counterparty. And that creates more efficiency in terms of expense takeout. On the other hand it is doubling down on a bet, more concentration to reinsurance and London and Bermuda wholesale. Though it is a player then who swings a bigger stick and so maybe commands more attention and respect in the marketplace and I understand that. And the balance sheet flexibility does give them a chance to write out conditions more easily. On the other side of the coin, it means fewer players competing. And maybe it means some capital comes out of the business. And that hopefully that creates some stability and hopefully bigger player will equal more rational behavior. And that’s what I end from a counterparty perspective. I like a bigger balance sheet for those that we are reinsuring to or doing business with.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. ACE Global Re or Tempest is a very important of our company. It’s a – it will wane and wax to some degree with market conditions as we maintain discipline, but a very good contributor to book value growth in the company. It’s a reinsurance market. It is deep and big and dynamic and over time presents opportunity. There is a very big balance sheet behind ACE Global Re. It’s the ACE balance sheet that is AA rated. There aren’t a lot of AA rated re-insurers. And there aren’t a lot with the balance sheet of our size participating in the business. And those continue to present advantages to Global Re. And then on the other side of the coin in the short-term, mergers and acquisitions of size relative to your own size can be distracting and you got to look a little more inward and that can present some tactical opportunity for Global Re and fewer players should mean maybe a little rationale competitive environment over time and that can only benefit us.
Evan Greenberg: Remember, it was a renewal rights deal really for the personal behind net worth personal lines business of the Fireman’s Fund and in addition to the renewal rights we took the unearned portfolio of that business only.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. We are not going to talk much about that. The pipeline – we always have a pipeline as we talk about fairly frequently. We always have a pipeline of opportunities. We pulled the trigger on a small minority of what we see. We look at things all over the world. And they are in areas where we are already endeavoring to grow organically and so acquisitions to complement our organic growth strategy.
Evan Greenberg: As I just said 10 minutes ago, it’s between 1.7 and 2 points on the ROE. And yes, I think as I look out over the next X number of years, we will have opportunity to deploy that.
Evan Greenberg: I won’t comment on acquisitions looking forward that way or speculate about that, but we are very happy with our concentration and our market share and amount of exposure we therefore have in that business. If you looked at commodity prices today, they are below where they were last year in February and it’s a February average that determines the pricing for contracts at that time. What it will be in February of this year who knows and particularly the volatility factor that’s applied to average pricing in the month and what our exact spread will be by commodity product based on the forms we write. You don’t know with certainty. But the theme would be that revenue would be down, what percentage, I don’t know.
Evan Greenberg: During the quarter, we also had – we did some re-underwriting of some business that we didn’t like the looks at it. And that was in Latin America and that, and there was a one-time it’s behind us. So that added about 2 point roughly impact as well. And I don’t see a slowdown in our business in Brazil. And I will let John Keogh just comment a little bit about the fourth quarter pattern of growth and what we see as we go into the first quarter.
Evan Greenberg: What we would say is from the end of the year ’14 to now we have seen a deterioration that would impact our book value by about $170 million.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I won’t get specific by contractor, by area as you know, but you have been seeing general market commentary that both rates and terms and conditions for buyers if reinsurance have improved. And we are a major buyer in the market. We think we are pretty heads up buyers. And we have benefited from reinsurance market conditions both in terms and conditions, and in pricing. And that will flow through both to benefit our competitive profile in the marketplace and any savings will flow through to the bottom line. But I am not going to give you an exact number.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah, Charles, it is – when you add together ACE and the fund, we are – we were both very active players in the high net worth. We become clearly one of the top three players in that business. It expands our presence within distribution significantly. It enhances our underwriting insights with more data and it brings a lot of talent, a lot of very good people to the organization. So, it takes what we have been doing organically, which we built a good business and it takes two brands, and puts them together that way. There is a lot of growth potential in the business. And let me be clear ACE is a high net worth personal lines player. We have no desire and no illusions about trying to enter the traditional personal lines business in the U.S. that’s not our play. The general market personal lines business, we bring nothing to the table for that. But the high net worth market is a different marketplace. The kinds of coverages they require is much broader than the general market. The kinds of limits they require is broader, the geographic area in which you service an individual customer is far broader. They are much more service oriented is the profit as the product proposition offering to a customer is it’s a much more service intensive, it’s less about price. They are much less price sensitive. The growth available is significant over time. And it’s not simply by one high net worth writer taking the business from another, it’s that a lot of high net worth potential clients reside on the books of traditional personal lines writers, who do a fabulous job serving their customers overall. But they don’t really serve the proposition and needs of the high net worth customer. And the opportunity for us is in that cohort of business that exists with others.
Evan Greenberg: Charles, that varies by customer – by biogeography really, but it has to do with both buying behavior as well as value – total values of – to begin with your home. And well, I can give you a little more on that. I will tell you, I am going to ask one enjoyed to tell you a – a little about that and when you might be surprised maybe we well send you am app.
Evan Greenberg: Great question, love it. So, I am going to divide it into two pieces. So, I make it really simple and clear, agency derived business versus direct response marketed business. So, where we direct response market, the cross-selling opportunity where we do so much A&H direct response marketing to cross-sell specialty personal lines, a variety of products like householder’s insurance, home contents and other simple products of personal lines. And simple life products like term life with what we are already doing in A&H direct response that opportunity is significant and we are doing that. On the agency front, where we write a lot of personal lines that might be automobile-related, the opportunity to cross-sell small group A&H to cross-sell SME, that is small business insurance through those same agents to the customers, the opportunity is significant. And so it varies by country and by distribution channel that we are pursuing, but that is a real focus of the organization has been and continues to be.
Evan Greenberg: Let me add to that, first of all, if you are saying zero rates, you are thinking of Europe. And if you think of the rest of our portfolio and other places, interest rates have actually gone up in most jurisdictions or a lot of them. So, it bounces around between the two. Secondly, as Phil was saying in Europe and in the zero rate we are more heavily corporate than government-related securities and their high-grade corporates and rates, spreads have widened.
Evan Greenberg: No, because we don’t discount. So, when you talk about matching that would be a duration liquidity question would hardly be that, oh, so in Europe you must be discounting have to earn a certain rate on the discount and can you earn that, we don’t discount our property casualty loss reserves.
Evan Greenberg: But it’s Itaú. There is some seasonality to the flow of the business, not tremendous, though the net – and that would be on the gross premiums, the net premiums vary by class. And so there may have been a little more seasonality to how they retained business. You are correct, substantial premium sessions they gross line I mean awful lot. That will continue, but there is obviously opportunities – real opportunities raised to recapture business that has been ceded and retained at net and so you will see – that, that will occur over a period of time.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, there is. John Keogh is mouthing something at me. I mean I don’t know if he is saying, so I am going to let him talk first.
Evan Greenberg: The other – and maybe to take it a step further Australia, New Zealand has a different competitive complexion than Southeast Asia and North Asia and it does vary by country. The wholesale business John is referring to is typically the large commercial risk in Asia that finds its way in. The middle market, upper middle market, small commercial within each country in emerging Asia is much more stable than the balance of that.
Evan Greenberg: And when I referred to competitive price conditions, I was referring really to the larger corporate business.
Evan Greenberg: The largest impacts came from the real in Brazil, the peso, British pound, Australian dollar, the yen and the euro, they were really the top…
Evan Greenberg: Biggest balance sheet, but not as big an impact on the quarter, I was reading it impact order whichever way, but anyway those are the currencies that you would focus on to see where we stand.
Evan Greenberg: No, we don’t have plans to do that. We find with the public debt structures that we have the prepayment penalties are so severe that it doesn’t make sense for us. What we have been doing though is pre-funding debt that is maturing. So, we pre-fund the two issues so far that will mature in later this year actually and we will consider that going forward.
Evan Greenberg: Start with that. Number two, trend continues. So, when I think of the benign loss environment, I think of more short tail lines, but when I think of the casualty business, trend continues whether it’s running better than you imagine, it doesn’t mean its zero, there is – remains a healthy trend. So – and on the other side of the coin, there is always portfolio management opportunities and changing mix of lines of business that we accelerate, where we see good margins. So, you get all of that. But when I roll it altogether, I have said it before, you expect – it’s natural to expect, look at the combined ratios that we are running. They are such world class. They are low. So, I imagine the accident year margin, the accident year combined ratios to rise over time.
Evan Greenberg: No, we really haven’t changed our loss trend pick. I realized you could do that, but I think it’s a prudent way to run a company. We write a lot of a longer tail business and even your medium, shorter tail businesses 3 to 7 years. Good news always comes early, bad news comes late, number one. Number two, people like to describe the business of underwriting with some kind of precision like it is – like you have such perfect information that you can price and you can select risk with precision and that’s just not the case. And I think the guys who do better are the ones who recognize that. And so your best to remain with a more conservative, what somebody might deem a more conservative trend factor. I think it just safeguards the balance sheet. And what’s the price of that? A little opportunity cost of some business in the marketplace, I am not going to worry about that.
John Keogh: Sure, and I will touch on it a bit earlier Vinay, which is, when you look at our fourth quarter, and when you look at our year, our growth pattern has been pretty much story of flat Europe and double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia. And that’s I say double-digit growth that’s with the exclusion of the contributions from the acquisitions we made in Asia and Latin America. As we think about our plans for the year ahead and look at the environment, we are looking more the same. One month into the year and right now things are really going according to plan.
John Keogh: I mean, certainly Brian in the reinsurance – as a buyer of reinsurance, we have seen that from our reinsurers, which has been to our benefit in terms of reinsurance buys over the past 12 months. On the primary side you have looking and talking to our line executives around our January renewal business. Nothing, there is some anecdotal here and there on terms and conditions. You are seeing in Europe some of the classic soft market behavior in D&O where you are getting excess carriers willing to drop down and be primary if the primary carrier doesn’t cover the claim. You are seeing free reinstatements on D&O, but that’s really in Europe. Otherwise, everyone has a got story here and there, but in general I think terms and conditions in the primary insurance space right now used internationally are pretty stable.
John Keogh: No, I think the thing I do there is on – is retail versus wholesale. I think if you get out into Asia and certainly in London the wholesale markets where brokers are bringing business around the region whether it’s into London or into Singapore that market is much, much more competitive in our observations than the mark you see on the ground as a retail underwriter in the local market. So I would contrast the wholesale and retail.
John Lupica: Yes, Brian, it’s John Lupica. I would concur for the North American environment it’s virtually identical to it, John has just described. Terms are basically holding what I would add to that on the property side, we are seeing requests for smaller CAT deductibles occasionally. We are seeing requests for bigger limits. Nothing unusual based on the market that we are going into we have seen it before.
John Lupica: Yes. Thanks. So really the loss ratio Meyer was two things going on. We had a one-time benefit last year from a reserve release. And we also had another one-time adjustment that was made. When you account for those…
John Lupica: Benefit, thank you. When you account for those two, our current accident year loss ratio was essentially flat. We did have a bit of large loss activity, a bit more this year than last year, but I wouldn’t consider that significant.
