John Finnegan: Thank you. And thanks for joining us. We are very pleased to report excellent results for the second quarter and the first half, notwithstanding substantially higher-than-expected catastrophe losses in both quarters.  Operating income per share for the second quarter was $1.41, despite $0.38 of cats [catastrophes]. That compares to $1.49 in last year's second quarter when the impact of cats was only $0.08. The second quarter combined ratio in 2010 was a very strong 90.4%, even including 6.9 points of cats, our highest second quarter cat impact ever. The x cat combined ratio for the quarter was 83.5%, nearly a point better than last year's second quarter. For the first six months, operating income per share was $2.54 and the combined ratio of 92%, which is exceptionally good considering it included 9.6 points of cats. The six-month x cat combined ratio of 82.4% was nearly 3.5 points better than the first half of last year. In addition, our investment portfolio continued to perform extremely well. During the second quarter, it produced a net realized capital gain before tax of $90 million. At June 30, our net unrealized appreciation before tax stood at $1.9 billion, which is an increase of $88 million over March 31. The effect of these investment on operating results was a reported book value per share of $49.39 at June 30, 2010, a 19% increase compared to a year ago.  Our excellent capital position enabled us to substantially increase our share repurchase program in order to take advantage of the attractive opportunity in the market to acquire our own shares. Ricky will talk more about the buyback program in his remarks.  As you will recall, last January, we provided 2010 operating income guidance of $5.15 to $5.55 per share, based in part at an assumption of three points of cats for the year. Substantially higher-than-expected cats in the first half have led us to change that assumption to seven points of cats for the full year. Nonetheless, we are affirming our January earnings guidance based on our excellent x cat results year-to-date and our outlook for the second half of the year. I will elaborate on our updated guidance in my closing remarks.  Let me turn it over now to John Degnan, who will talk about our operating results.
John Finnegan: As you've heard, Chubb has performed extremely well in the second quarter and for six months. Some of the highlights were: Six-month operating income per share of $2.54; excellent performance in the sixth year of a soft market, especially in the face of almost 10 points of catastrophe losses; terrific x cat combined ratios of 83.5% for the second quarter and 82.4% for the first half, this was one point better than the second quarter of last year and about 3.5 points better than the first half of 2009; excellent renewal retention in the second quarter for all SPUs; an increase in book value per share to $49.39, which is 19% higher than a year ago; and a strong capital position, which we expect will enable us to complete our increased share repurchase program by year end, while still leaving us sufficient capital to take advantage of any significant upturn in the insurance market.  Based on our results for the first half and our outlook for the rest of the year, we are affirming our guidance for operating income per share in the range of $5.15 to $5.55 for the full year. This includes a four-point increase in our cat assumption from three points to seven points, which results in a negative impact of $0.90 per share versus our initial guidance for the calendar year.  The fact that we're able to affirm our January earnings guidance despite such a substantial increase in the cat assumption highlights the strength of our underlying performance. Although our operating income per share guidance for 2010 has not changed, some of the underlying assumptions have. We expect net written premiums that are approximately flat for the full year, including the benefit from currency of about one point. The January 2010 guidance assume net written premiums that will be flat to down 2%, including a two-point positive impact of currency.  Based on our actual catastrophe losses of 9.6 points in the first half, we have revised our cat assumption for the full year to seven points, which implies about four to 4.5 points of cat losses in the second half. For those who would like to make a higher or lower cat assumption, the impact of each percentage point of catastrophe losses on operating from per share for the full year is approximately $0.22.  For our 2010 combined ratio, we expect a range of 90% to 92%, unchanged from the January guidance assumption. The assumption is based on revised combined ratio ranges of 94% to 96% for CPI, 93% to 95% for CCI and 82% to 84% for CSI. We expect property and casualty investment income after tax to decline approximately 1% compared to an assumption of flat in the January guidance. Finally, our operating income per share guidance is based on an assumption of 321 million average diluted shares outstanding for the full year compared to the 328 million shares assumed in our earlier guidance.  In closing, as I've said in other occasions, we continue to manage the company for our shareholders and the way we achieve shareholder value by underwriting prudently, investing conservatively, actively managing our capital and providing products and services to our customers and producers that are unmatched in the marketplace. We've demonstrated that we can execute on the both favorable and unfavorable market conditions, and we're confident in our continued ability to produce superior results by adapting to economic and industry developments. And with that, we'll open it to your questions.
John Finnegan: So we're looking at about, I guess, at Accident area, cat declined a little bit less than two points, which is consistent, I guess, with the first quarter. I think the story is the same as in the first quarter. The fact is that in lumpy classes like Property, we have just had some very good experience in the first two quarters of this year. Can't attribute it to anything, it comes and goes in Homeowners too. Property is aligned in which you're basically booking what your losses and what your claims are, and we've had very favorable experience these two quarters. That doesn't mean it's going to continue to be just as good for the next two quarters. It comes and it goes. I mean, it's certainly a profitable line of business for us over the longer run. We think we can write it well. We underwrite it well. It's disciplined. We get reasonable rates for it. But the difference from quarter-to-quarter just depends on the losses that we experienced during that quarter. And I think we said last time, like in the first quarter, second quarter, we had just a very favorable loss experience.
John Finnegan: Well, I would say this, that if rates stay flat in Commercial business over time, lost costs tend to rise so that you will see margin compression, and you've probably seen a little bit of margin compression in the Liability lines now, although picking and opening it to Liability is pretty tough in the early years. As far as Property, I suspect that, that will -- listen, I think all the lines have tempered a little bit by frequency. Frequency is down. Claims are down. But over time, you won't get around margin compression if you don't raise rates. Property, though, is a little bit different case because it's a lumpy line, it's more like to the experience we have on -- our performance we have in the third and fourth quarter on Property will relate a little bit more to the losses we experienced during that period, the fire losses we get and any sort of ongoing trend line. In the Specialty lines, obviously, the issue is in more systematic losses. What we're seeing is significant decline in claims, especially in the credit crisis in [indiscernible] area. The credit crisis appears to have tapered off, so that's obviously a positive on the accident year. And the accident year is much better on Specialty this year than it was last year.
John Finnegan: When you talk about lower loss pick this year, a loss pick is probably more relevant to our Specialty and Long Tail lines, where we have to make an assessment without much data. And I would say that in Professional Liability, we're running 99 this year versus 102 last year. Last year was a third year of major credit crisis claims, so we had a big load in our accident year for potential credit crisis claims. We're not seeing anything like that this year. We're seeing really an abatement of credit crisis claim, so we don't have as big a cap load in Specialty. In the Property classes and the Short Tail lines, those lines tend to be more influenced by claims activity and losses, actual experience not so much as a pick, and we've just had a much better experience in the first two quarters of this year than last. But to put this in some perspective, let me close this out, in our guidance, we are assuming about a three-point to four-point deterioration in our accident year x cat performance during the second half of the year, because we think we've been unduly lucky perhaps in the first half, and the numbers have just been great. So we expect a little bit more reversion to the 2009 x cat level. So we're not expecting extrapolating a continued performance at this very, very high level, still expecting a very good performance but somewhat worse in the second half than we've got in the first half.
John Finnegan: Well, I think what you're seeing in the Professional Liability line is higher retentions all around, and you're certainly seeing that in CSI. I think we've been able to retain our good business. And when you look at retention, retention is one side of the coin and new-to-lost. We've lost a lot less business. So at 1:1, 1:1 at an 87 retention isn't the same as 1:1 at an 83 retention in terms of the business. We're probably writing a little bit less new business now, but we're able to retain more business.
John Finnegan: Let me say this on exposures picking up. Let me clarify that a little. This is -- what we see all the time here are measurements of the quarters year back and a year here. When we say exposures picking up -- the fact is, exposure was down one in the second quarter this year, so we're not talking about buoyant exposure. It's just that it was negative three or so in the second quarter of last year. So exposure in the second quarter of 2009 was effectively defined by what happened between the second quarter of 2008 and 2009, which was very negative. Between 2009 and 2010, things have stabilized somewhat. So unemployment has stayed pretty much the same. It hasn't improved, and I think that's just generally true. Same with premium adjustments. I mean, you're measuring against the change that occurred a year ago, so the improvement is an improvement, but it doesn't mean that things are actually going up. It's still, right now, we're still about flat on exposure, maybe we're up plus one in June, so it's not that buoyant yet.
John Finnegan: Well, I think that frequency is a fact function of a lot of factors, to the extent that exposure increases one or two points, I don't think it's going to be a big driver of frequency. There's a lot of other things driving frequency, some of which we, frankly, you don't understand from period-to-period. But I can imagine it's going to be anything in terms of exposure increase in the near term significant enough to, by itself, have much of an impact on frequency.
John Finnegan: I can't remember that retention was up considerably. And when retention goes from 84 to 87, the same 16 points of new business, that was 1:1 last quarter, becomes 1:2 and 1:3. So it's clear we're writing much in the way of more new business, but the new-to-lost is better because our retention is better.
John Finnegan: I'd say the book is about 25% now, about 25% International, maybe a little higher in Personal. So pretty close to on all three lines. A little lower in Personal, and then Specialty has been very strong overseas and Commercial. So I don't think there's a significant difference in the lines. It's about 25% International.
John Finnegan: I think growth overall was about 3% x currency overseas. Soft market is a little bit more buoyant overseas, obviously, less so in the developed countries than in the developing countries. I think all lines have grown some. Our Auto business has certainly, and our Accident and Health, certainly businesses that have grown, that's a Personal Lines, certainly, businesses that have grown overseas. Maybe the lowest percentage vis-a-vis the other SBUs of overseas business, that's the one that has grown the most.
John Finnegan: Our objective isn't really to get it down to $1 billion. I think that gives us our limitations and our framework of what we can do now. But the holding company is a function of -- liquidity is a function of how much we spend on things like buybacks and dividends, but also a function of what we do in terms of dividend from the operating company to the holding company. In today's environment, in order to execute a bigger repurchase program, we like a little bit more liquidity up in the holding company, because you can't do the buyback out of the operating company, you got to get it up to the holding company first. But we don't have an objective that we want to get it down to $1 billion as fast as possible or anything. The $2.3 billion versus $1 billion gives us, for the moment, how much we can spend on buybacks, and it'll last us quite a length of time. But during that period, we'll also have dividends up from operating companies.
John Finnegan: Fortunately, our level of excess capital is such that fine tuning 100 million or 200 million of stock repurchases in the third quarter will make really much of a difference if we have a big catastrophe. It's not enough to make a difference if we have a substantial excess capital and liquidity position.
John Finnegan: Let me restate that. What we're saying, basically, is that our x cat combined ratio in the second half will be three to four points worse than the first half. I might have misstated before. That can be composed of either a deterioration in accident year performance or lower favorable development or both. And we haven't broken out the wide range of how we would get there, so there's a good chance that three- or four-point deterioration will end up with being a much lower amount of accident year deterioration.
John Finnegan: You'd get what? You'd get $1 billion in euro. $1 billion in euro, you get 500 in Canada. You'd get 500 in Asia and 500 in Latin America probably, because it'll be in a big part of Latin America.
John Degnan: Actually, Josh, I don't think that the $17 billion over 10 years or roughly $2 billion a year in increased access to the reinsurance companies would influence the market at all. First of all, the reinsurers are probably not going to be able to pass that along to their primary insurers. There are alternatives in the marketplace today to reinsurance. The reinsurance market is highly competitive, and frankly, it's a bogeyman that they've created that they could pass this along in premiums. I'd like to see them try it, do it to us. So I think they created an argument for their political purposes that is just flat out wrong and placed the fears. So it'd be pretty inconsistent for me to say that that's going to be a market-changing event. There's no way that's going to influence or change the market.
John Degnan: It certainly puts us on a level playing field in terms of competition because the carriers that reinsure to their affiliated companies avoid taxation and have an effective tax rate that's several points lower than ours. So I don't think it will change the market, but it will take the competitive disadvantage away from domestic companies that we now face based on a loophole in the tax law.
John Degnan: I just think it puts us in a better position in the marketplace to compete fairly. So it may improve our results. I don't think it's going to affect the hardening or softening of the market trend.
John Degnan: Let me put it this way, they try to pass along the tax increase in prices where we get launched [ph].
John Degnan: We have very good producers. They're price-focused and value-focused for their customers, both in soft markets and hard markets. So I don't think there's a correlation between increased exposures and our ability or inability to get rate. Our buyers are sophisticated. They understand that they're paying based on a rate on line for what they're buying. So to the extent the exposures go up, it doesn't necessarily make it more or less difficult for us to get rate. That's going to be more determined, frankly, by whether sanity returns to the marketplace and competitors stop being irresponsible.
John Degnan: Some evidence of that is, probably, the fact that new arise accounts are down almost across the board in all lines of business, irrespective of whether exposure is changing or not. But I agree with John, while there may be some inevitable impact, there isn't a direct correlation between exposure growth and frequency.
John Degnan: We'll, we're seeing some business come back, what I referred to on my comments as win-backs. We're also writing more new business in the niche lines that we've identified, where we still can sell value added on Cyber Liability, the traditional lines that we play to, like Life Sciences and Technology. With the examples of the two, also Lawyer's Program business where we cover what losses need other than their malpractice insurance, so those are some of the niches.
John Degnan: We certainly read their statements and have heard their intent. But we've been in this business for more than 30 years. During that time, we've developed the only brand in the business. We've had interactions on claims of more than 1 million of our customers. We've had several hundred thousand other contacts with our customers. We've got the best producer system in the world for high-network Personal Lines. This isn't a business you can come into overnight and replicate the Chubb model and make the kinds of margins that we're making. So we'll see them. If they follow the pattern of one their predecessors who came into this market, they'll do it by burning their way in, in catastrophe-prone states and have the losses catch up to their pricing strategy later on. But we're pretty confident that we're in a place in this space where we can both defend our existing position and, frankly, outcompete them in terms of growing in the future. So I don't want quote George Bush and say, "Bring them on." But we're recognizing it, we're acting smartly toward it, and we're confident.
John Degnan: It's been the highest ROE business for the last five years of any other segment that we've written. We have targeted A&H, as potential growth opportunities, more outside the U.S. than in. And we're beginning to see some of the impact of a new team of people that we brought on board to pursue that business. So I'm not going to project what percentage of our revenues it'll be five years from, but we do see it as a growth opportunity going forward. And we operate it at a very healthy return on equity.
John Degnan: We agreed in the settlement with the three states, Connecticut, Illinois and New York, not to pay contingents, but we replace them with something called supplemental-guaranteed commissions [guaranteed supplemental compensation (GSC)], which one might say are like contingents in some way. Our producer force generally likes supplemental-guaranteed commissions. They pay based on past performance by attaching the prospective revenues. But we're watching it closely, and we're in discussion with both those three major producers and others about their preferences. And we're also in discussion with the regulators about being able to function in the marketplace along the lines of what they're letting the brokers do. So if anything more to come on that, but at the moment, we're pretty happy and so are most of our producers with the supplemental-guaranteed commissions we're paying on top of standards.
Richard Spiro: Jay, it's Ricky. It's our intent to buy back the 16.8 million shares still outstanding under the share repurchase program as of the end of June. But should market conditions remain stable, we would hope that we'd be able to complete that by the end of the year.
Richard Spiro: I think the second quarter, it had one unusual item. We received about $20 million special cash dividend related to an equity investment that we held at the holding company. And so that's why you saw that change. So I think the historical numbers would probably more indicative of what you'll be seeing going forward as opposed to what you saw on the second quarter.
Richard Spiro: I guess, I'll address that in a couple of ways. Maybe I'll start with sort of some absolute comments about our own Municipal portfolio, and then I'll make some relative comments related to the part of your question as it relates to risks selection. Clearly, we are in an interesting period of time, and there's significant headline risk as it relates to governments and municipal securities. We think that our particular portfolio is very high quality and very well-diversified. And I think that's part of, when we think about risks selection, we make these risk decisions ourselves. We choose our own investments, and we do all the work and all the credit works. So we feel very good about our individual portfolio. We have an average credit rating of AA2. More importantly, though, the way we structured the portfolio in terms of the securities, we think, gives us even more comfort that we're very comfortable with our portfolio. That 62% of the portfolio is invested in essential service revenue bonds that are supported by stable high-quality income streams and less susceptible, we believe, to some of the economic conditions we're seeing. About 25% of the portfolio is invested in state and local government general obligation bonds. And there, we tend to favor larger, more liquid issuers who we believe have greater financial flexibility. And the remaining 13% of the portfolio is invested in pre-fund and annual government-backed securities, which we also think are somewhat lower risk. We tend to avoid land development and lower-rated healthcare and airline bonds as well as smaller local issuers. So on just an absolute basis, given the portfolio that we have constructed and the way it has conformed historically and then, frankly, the way it's performed even through the credit crisis, we feel good about our portfolio. On a relative basis, obviously, we are in an environment where every asset class is more risky today than it was five years or 10 years ago. But as we look at the opportunities in the marketplace, we continue to see attractive relative value plays in the municipal bond world. And so, we have not made any major change to our existing investment strategy. We continue to invest in high-quality munis. We continue to invest in any maturity corporates, where we see total returns and values that we think are attractive. Should our views change over time, we'll be able to change as well. But as we sit here today, we don't think we need to make any major adjustments in the way we're investing our new money.
Richard Spiro: No, it's an equity investment that shows up in the Investment portfolio of the holding company, the Corporate not the P&C businesses.
Richard Spiro: We intend to keep at least $1 billion at the holding company. And this is a level that the rating agencies think is appropriate as well. Currently, we're at 2x that, so we have some flexibility there. I don't know that we're going to get down to $1 billion in the near future, but we have the flexibility to do that. We think we have plenty of liquidity to manage our share repurchase program. So $1 billion sort of the minimum, and we've historically run at somewhere between that $1 billion and where we are today.
Richard Spiro: To be honest, I don't remember. Off the top of my head, it's probably in that range. Don't forget, we were very active buying back shares in the second quarter.
Richard Spiro: Yes, there's 16.8 million shares left. We look at the opportunities, the price in the market and opportunities to acquire our shares. And that sort of what drives how we allocate it. Plus, we've made a statement that our intention is to complete the buyback program by the end of the year, so I think you can assume we'll be fairly aggressive to get that done.
Richard Spiro: I think, we obviously, we'll be a little bit more cautious in the third quarter given that it is cat season. But we have a lot of shares to buy back between now and the end of the year. So we'll be cautious to a point. In terms of what's the process, we always go back to our Board when it's time for us to get a new authorization and should we, I guess, complete this much quicker than we anticipate, which is not what our plan is at the moment, we'll go back to the Board at the appropriate time.
Richard Spiro: Sure. It's a variety of things. There is some water, some sewer, electric, highway, some universities, some special tax revenue bonds. So it's a combination of things. It's pretty well-diversified, in that if you look at it on a percentage basis across our portfolio, no one of those categories would stand out. So we think we have it pretty well under control. We do tend to stay away from the ones where, as I mentioned earlier, some of the healthcare areas where you might have some higher default rates. Our experience in our portfolio in terms of defaults has been an extraordinarily good over a long period of time.
Richard Spiro: Yes, it's actually interesting. It's because of the fact that the dollar did perform incredibly well against the euro and the pound, but it actually went the other way against most of the other major currencies like the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar and the Brazilian currency. And the way our business actually works is, in Europe, in particular, a significant amount of the renewal business happens in the beginning of the year. And so, you have a bigger impact to some of the other currencies as you move forward throughout the year.
