John Finnegan: Thank you for joining us. As we said in the press release today, Chubb produced solid results in the quarter, which was adversely impacted by several factors, including cat and non-cat weather losses due to the harsh winter weather in the United States, and then usually high level homeowners' fire losses. We are very pleased with the continued positive rate movement in all three of our businesses along with continued strong retention. Our commercial businesses have particularly strong quarters. In professional liability, our combined ratio of 84.6 was as good at quarter as we've had in five years. It represented a whapping 7.8 point improvement from our first quarter of last year. In CCI, our x cat combined ratio of 82.4 was our third best quarterly performance in six years. The performance of both of these businesses benefited from the rate actions and underwriting initiatives that we have undertaken over the past few years. Operating income per share was $1.50 compared to $2.14 in last year's first quarter. Annualized operating ROE was 10.1% for the first quarter of this quarter. The combined ratio for the first quarter was 93.2 this year compared to 84.6 last year. Excluding the impact of cats to combined ratio for the first quarter was 86.6 in 2014 versus 84 a year ago. This deterioration is more than fully accounted for by the higher x cat weather-related losses and homeowner fire losses in this year's first quarter. During the first quarter, we had net realized investments gains of 160 million before tax or $0.30 per share after-tax. This brought up first quarter net income per share to $1.80 resulted in an annualized ROE of 11.1%. GAAP book value per share at March 31, 2014 was $66.36, that's 2% increase in sheer end 2013 and a 7% increase at March 31 a year ago. Our capital position is excellent and we continue to actively repurchase our shares as Ricky will discuss later. In addition, during the first quarter we increased our common stock dividend by 13.6% to $2 per share on an annualized basis. It was Chubb's 32nd consecutive annual dividend increase. Now, for more details on our operating performance, we will start with Dino, who will discuss Chubb's commercial and specialty insurance operations.
John Finnegan: As you can see, first quarter results were a mixed bag. A strong underlying performance was offset to a large degree the by the impact of higher cat, non-cat weather-related losses and unusually high homeowner fire losses. The adverse effect of these factors is reflected in our operating income per share for the first quarter of $1.50, which was $0.60 per share less than the $2.14 per share we earned in the first quarter of 2013. This $0.64 per share differential, $0.45 per share was attributable to higher cat in this year's first quarter. Remaining $0.19 per share difference was more than accounted for by the $0.23 per share aggregate negative impact of higher non-cat weather-related losses $0.15, and homeowner fire losses $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2014. Bear in mind that we also had this surety loss which accounted for approximately $0.10 per share this quarter. Cat/non-cat weather-related losses and homeowners' fire losses had the most pronounced adverse effect on the profitability of personal lines in the first quarter of this year. The deterioration in the personal lines combined ratio versus the first quarter of last year was more than totally attributable to these factors, which can swing significantly from quarter-to-quarter. As we have said before we have enjoyed benign loss experience with respect to non-cat weather and large homeowner fires for a number of years. And as indicated in our January call, our guidance for this year contemplates some reversion to the mean in 2014, and we certainly got it in the first quarter. Well, nothing is for sure, we think it is reasonable to expect lower level of non-cat related weather and fire losses during the balance of this year. Turning to our commercial businesses, we feel good about a number of positive developments in the first quarter. Professional liability first quarter combined ratio improved almost eight points from the first quarter of last year. It was the eighth consecutive quarter in which our combined ratio and professional liability improved. All of our accident year loss ratio was about 66, 4 points better than last year's first quarter. Our x cat CCI combined ratio of 82.4 was 1.2 points better than the first quarter of last year, two points better than last year's full-year combined ratio and better than any full-year combined ratio in the recent memory. There is also place in all three of our business units we continue to obtain mid single-digit renewal rate increases in the U.S. in the first quarter of this year. Commercial, we now enjoy mid to high single-digit renewal rate increase for 10 consecutive quarters. Also in professional liability we have now enjoyed eight quarters of mid to high single-digit renewal increase. In personal lines, the homeowners' line of businesses enjoyed nine quarters of mid to high single-digit renewal increases. Meanwhile we continue to enjoy strong renewal retention in all of our business units. Finally with respect to capital management, we returned $533 million to our shareholders in the first quarter, $409 million of share repurchases and $124 million in cash dividends. With that, I'll open the line to your questions.
John Finnegan: I think the quick and dirty answer is no geographic concentration, and most of fire losses from quarter-to-quarter are a matter of good fortune or bad fortune. No pattern really.
John Finnegan: Well, we were aberrational on the low side for a few quarters, and this was a little bit on the high side. So we've been talking about a little reversion to the mean. Yeah, hopefully it will revert back down a little bit. But yeah, we've had a good run, though.
John Finnegan: So, I think for one thing the industry is a good deal from price adequate. I mean I think in some lines we are getting the price adequate. I have seen professional liability for example, we have made great strives and we are probably running a steady face '95. If you look at normalized expense ratio, and that's still not really price adequate over a longer term in current interest rate. I would guess the industry on a current accident year basis fully loaded for caps to current investment rates, the industry itself is probably running high single-digit. There are some of our competitors that are running like us, running low double-digits, but that's still not quite where people want to be. So I think there is a way to go. :
John Finnegan: Well, I would say about 200 basis points are attributable to non-GAAP weather and fire losses, so it's more than accounts for the deteriorations. And the surety loss will be another point.
John Finnegan: As you know, I think the part of the thing is that it's a little bit complicated like most say. Margin expansion is a long-term projection that doesn't take into account quarter-to-quarter variation. We saw significant variation in this quarter. But just looking at it, I mean you can do the mathematics and say it's 4.5 or two points now and we still haven't earned premium as we move forward in terms of margin expansion. But also remember as rates come down, our book has improved. So whether you call that a lower loss cost trend line or more immediate impact to loss cost right now, there is a benefit. You need 10 points if you have -- maybe you have nothing but a lousy book and when you prune that book, you don't need 10 points any more, you need less points. I don't know that you can just as easily just look at -- given where the book is let's compare it to full points and say the point is too higher. It's got this pretty close. I think right now we get margin expansion, but again, we have a better book. So we would expect a little bit less rate as we move forward.
John Finnegan: You are thinking -- in the order of magnitude you are thinking $30 million, $40 million, $50 million on a $4 billion book. It's not a major driver of the pricing decision.
John Finnegan: And remember you would expect that the first quarter of a year would have a little bit higher non-cat related weather than most of the other quarters, right? Fire will be different, but non-cat related-weather is almost -- first quarter was about 14.
John Finnegan: Okay. What you have in the personal auto was the three points of the adverse weather that was hitting it. I mentioned as well we had experienced some profitability issues in Brazil. We have been taking action there. We feel like we are addressing that very adequately through our surgical underwriting action and specific rate taking by tier. I just -- of course you would remember that we have a very small auto book in our portfolio. So it doesn't take much to move the overall combined ratio. We have enjoyed good rate and exposure increases of five points in that book of business. And our U.S. book is growing at 5%. That's really the story behind auto and the personal lines front.
John Finnegan: Good question. I guess we've never thought of it that way. I don't think we have an answer to that. I think (multiple speakers) claim data points they give you.
John Finnegan: I think, A) It's a good question, B) It has stumped us, and C) I can assure you it wouldn't be material to the 84, I'm sure. Yeah.
Paul Krump: Thanks, Dino. Chubb's personal insurance net written premiums increased 3% to $1 billion, and CPI produced a combined ratio of 101.8 compared to 87 in the corresponding quarter last year. CPI's profitability was adversely affected by the severe winter weather resulting in both increased cat and non-cat losses as well as several large fire losses. The impact of catastrophes on CPI's first quarter combined ratio was 11.2 point in 2014 compared to 3.9 points in the first quarter a year ago. On an x cat basis, CPI's combined ratio was 90.6 in the first quarter compared to 83.1 in the first quarter of 2013. Homeowners' premiums grew 4% in the first quarter. The combined ratio was 104.9 compared to 82.5 in the corresponding quarter last year. Cat losses accounted for 17.9 points of the homeowners combined ratio in the first quarter of 2014 compared to 6.1 point in the first quarter of 2013. Due to the unprecedented cold snap, some of the homes of our targeted high net worth customers experienced costly interior damage especially from burst pipes and ice damages. Excluding the impact of catastrophes, the 2014 first quarter homeowners combined ratio was 87 compared to 76.4 in the same period a year ago. This 10.6 point difference is more than accounted for by the first quarter's unusual non-cat weather-related losses and an increase in the impact of large fire losses. As I mentioned, the severe winter resulted in an elevated level of non-cat weather-related losses compared to last year's mild winter. Non-cat weather-related losses accounted for about 14 points of our homeowners combined ratio in the first quarter of this year, which is nine points higher than in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, we experienced an uptake in home fires or a perspective on how the first quarter 2014 fire loss impact stacks up. It was 4.5 points higher than in the first quarter of 2013. To summarize, when one compares the homeowners x cat loss ratios of the first quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2013, this year's elevated non-cat weather-related losses added nine points. And the impact of fire losses added about 4.5 points. Together, these 13.5 additional points of losses in the first quarter of 2014 more than account for the 10 points fixed point of year-over-year deterioration in the homeowners' x cat loss ratio. During the first quarter of 2014, we achieved an average homeowner's renewal rate and exposure increase of 7% in the United States. The same is in the first quarter of 2013. Our pricing momentum remained strong, and this is our fourth year of homeowners renewal rate and exposure increase. Personal auto premiums declined 2%, and the combined ratio was 101.4 compared to 94 in the first quarter of 2013. Worldwide auto growth was down in the quarter as we experienced a negative impact from foreign currency translation, as well as, slower growth in our Brazilian operation due to targeted rate action. Auto growth in the U.S. remains strong at 5% driven by renewal rate and exposure increases. U.S. in force comp was up slightly as well versus the first quarter of 2013. The auto combined ratio in the quarter was adversely affected by challenging winter driving conditions in many parts of the United States including flooding in an affluent section of Palm Beach County, Florida in mid January. All told, the unusual winter weather resulted in about three points of auto losses in the quarter. Policy retention in the U.S. in the first quarter was 90% for homeowners and 89% for auto, both of which are essentially unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2013. In other personal, which includes our accident, personal excess liability and yacht volume, premiums were up 3%, and the combined ratio improved to 92.4 from 94 in the first quarter a year ago. Turning now to claims corporate-wide; in the first quarter of 2014 we had cat losses of $199 million before tax or 6.6 points on the combined ratio. This reflected about $206 million of losses from seven cat events in the United States and one event outside of the United States, partially offset by about $7 million decrease in our estimated losses from catastrophes which occurred in prior years. The U.S. events included two catastrophes that occurred in early January of this year for which we provided a preliminary loss estimate at the time of our last earnings conference call. Our current estimate for those events remains in line with our earlier estimate, and they accounted for the bulk of the overall catastrophe impact in the quarter. Of the total first quarter catastrophe losses, 60% were attributable to CPI and 40% to CCI. Now, I'll turn it over to Ricky who will review our financial results in more detail.
Paul Krump: Yeah, I would say, Josh, it's about 25%, it depends on the line of business, and the personal lines base. It's right around 25%. We have some very good opportunities for growth. What you saw -- and we saw mostly in our auto, because Brazil is a very large automobile market for us. We took some rate action. I think Dino has mentioned that on previous calls. So we have been surgically improving the book of business there. So we had about flat policy in-force count in Brazil, but when it translated it into U.S. dollars, it came back down about 10%. If I go over to the accident help business and other areas, that is more disproportionately outside the United States and almost the inverse about 70% outside the United States, 30% inside the United States. We've been enjoying some very nice growth there. We have been writing both employer groups and some affinity groups. So things like travel accidents for credit cardholders outside the United States.
Paul Krump: First of all, Mike, this is Paul, and homeowners grew at 4% in the quarter. So we felt pretty good about that. I would tell you that we do look at reinsurance, occasionally we look at it opportunistically in the homeowners' front. It depends on the geography. It depends on the customer, but when we most often step into the [fact] (ph) market is where we are looking at the ultra high net worth that kind of a family office type exposures where they have properties all over the globe often times in places like Florida. And that's where we use reinsurance the most often on a facultative basis in the homeowners' world. Dino, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Paul Krump: Yeah. So the workers' comp, it continues to be very profitable for us. The rate increases for comps have declined from the higher levels that we saw on 2011 and 2012, and -- but we continue to see some really good performance in it. Our growth was down a little bit this quarter, but in general we are very optimistic about our comp portfolio. It's been historically very profitable, and we continue to see it as an opportunity going forward.
Paul Krump: Mike, I would just add that as underwriters we put our business into -- we tier it all the time. It's where that we lose a customer just on a couple of points of price. We know which ones are performing exceedingly well and which ones are not performing so well. So we put them into different cohorts, and our underwriters are trained to know when to back away and when to let an account go and when to hang on one. I think at 84, it was a very good quarter for workers' comp.
Dino Robusto: What I could say is we look at April. Pricing in April appears to be in line with what we saw in the first quarter, but I can't predict what the rest of the year is going to bring. What I can tell you is that we continue to differentiate our rate increases by account based on the underwriting merits and the performance of each of the accounts. There is a meaningful difference in the average rate changes we get. And so, we're going to continue to execute that strategy. One thing on loss cost trends, to keep in mind, obviously you got this sort of benefits of the like earned impact of the prior quarter's higher rate increases and those all play forward for a couple of quarters, but I can't really predict what's going to happen to rate by the end of the year.
Dino Robusto: And on commercial, as we've been indicating over some of the prior calls and we said it today too, we got a lot less rate historically overseas is just a much more competitive marketplace in particular places know Europe and clearly we are not going to chase any unprofitable business and maintain a disciplined approach. And so, we are seeing a little bit less growth recently. Over time though we still see good potential and we expect that the underpricing will eventually catch up in the marketplace, and we will continue to be a player outside the United States.
Dino Robusto: Yeah. As I indicated a little bit earlier, after multiple years of rate on rate increases plus given the fact that we have been calling the lowest performing parts of our book in managing our mix of business. Increasingly, we are focused on retaining our best accounts, and also those kinds of rate increases that have impacted some of the new business opportunities. So we are looking at increasing the retention and going after a little bit more new business which we saw. It didn't really manifest itself in the total. In the aggregate as I indicated outside U.S. was still a little bit more competitive, so our growth was down there, and there was a couple of additional factors affecting some of the growth on the U.S. side. Our exposure decrease was actually two points and that was function of the fact that we were reducing our participation on certain accounts to manage our aggregation. So that had a dampening effect on what you are seeing in term of the higher retention and a little bit more new business, but directionally clearly we are interested in retaining more of our accounts and we see some good opportunities going forward. And so, as I indicated earlier, a little bit more optimistic that the growth will look a little better in the second quarter.
Dino Robusto: I mean you don't have any new overall strategy to increase the reinsurance prices, but clearly as thoughtful underwriters, we are always looking to maximize our risk-return tradeoff. And lower reinsurance pricing could potentially offer us that on certain accounts, and we will clearly look at that.
Dino Robusto: Well, just in terms of the competitive side of it, as we've always indicated we write our workers' comp in our work comp portfolio in parallel with other coverages, in our target niches and its attractive business. It's been historically profitable, but our retentions has stayed historically very high, and clearly based on our value proposition we can keep the business that we want on comp based on all the other lines that we are writing. And your question about where we are writing it, we are writing it across the U.S. in line with our target market strategy.
Dino Robusto: I can't really quantify it exactly for you. What I can clearly tell you is that a lot more of our accounts in our book is rate adequate, and which is why you saw a little bit of the slight moderation in the rate. We are still getting, though, some strong differentiation. One thing maybe as the data point that I can give you, if you look at sort of distribution of the increases in the U.S. about 20% of our CCI book got greater than 10% rate increases, whereas our professional liability was roughly a quarter of the book that got over 10 in terms of price reductions. Less than 10% of our book got rate decreases from both our commercial lines and professional liability lines, but clearly over time, we have less and less of the need for the larger rate increases.
Richard Spiro: Well, again, I think as John said, we are now -- we are going to benefit from those lower costs whether or not we incorporated that into pricing as we go forward, time will tell.
Richard Spiro: Yeah. Give us one sec. So if you look over a five year average for first quarter for non-cat weather-related losses, this is excluding the current first quarter, so that five years prior, we had about seven points on average of non-cat weather relate losses in our first quarter. The same comparable number if you look at fire losses would have been about eight points. I am sorry, yeah, eight points. And again, those numbers are on homeowners' loss ratio, not on the overall company.
Richard Spiro: Yeah. Jay, it's Ricky; I will start with the first question on reinsurance and then Dino will take the non-cat weather. So I'll give you one example, the biggest change that we were able to achieve was with the definition of a single occurrence for key perils. So as you probably know within cat treaties, a single occurrence or specific perils is based on the number of hours from the beginning of an occurrence to the ending of occurrence. And the losses that fall within the hours caused for a given peril are covered in the single loss occurrence. Generally speaking, one hour causes are better for the ceding company, so you have more time in which to cover losses that occur as part of an event. So with that as background, I'll give you one specific example. In our North American cat treaty for the peril of hurricane and tropical storm, our expiring hours caused with 96 hours or four days, and our new hours cause is a 168 hours or seven days, so a meaningful increase in the length of time that we can put losses for a specific event. And that sort of thing happen for almost all the perils in each our major treaties, so a very positive development for us.
Richard Spiro: Yes, it did. It was about 0.2 points of development related to that. So you don't double count. If you're trying to get to say, our accident year, x cat combined ratio, you got to deduct about 0.2 points from the overall favorable development number.
Richard Spiro: No, really it's hard to say the correct definition. Most of it came from personal other, and then there was a small piece that came from homeowners due to what we were talking about earlier, the favorable prior year cats, and personal auto was a little bit adverse.
Richard Spiro: Sure. Well, obviously as you are pointing at it, if you aggregate what's shown in part two of Schedule P for our individual writing companies, the average development in the other liability claims made for two of the accident years, that being '11 and '12, were slightly adverse; about $4 million adverse in '12 and about $ 9 million adverse in '11. So when you say that there they're developing adversely, there is really hardly any change at all. The other thing I would say is that there are naturally many moving parts within an aggregated line of business like this. So parsing movement this small, it's contributing elements is inherently problematic, but as you point out, we have talked on prior earnings calls about, for example, some of the issues we've had with the employment practice liability line. And so, part of the adverse development you are seeing is related to that. Going forward, I'd say these accident years are still green and we will see how it develop over time, but we said our year end reserves we believe are at appropriate levels and you guys can draw your own conclusions.
Richard Spiro: Yeah. Again, it's hard to point anything specific. There have been some mixed changes that may have some impact there, but nothing on a philosophical basis that I would point out.
