Philip V. Bancroft: Thank you, Evan. We've completed the second quarter as a new Chubb and reached two milestones. Our total capital position now exceeds $60 billion and our cash and invested assets now exceed $100 billion. During the quarter, S&P reaffirmed our AA rating and upgraded our outlook from negative to stable and A.M. Best reaffirmed our A++ rating with a stable outlook and removed their Under Review designation. Adjusted investment income of $816 million for the quarter was slightly lower than our expectation because of lower than estimated private equity distributions. As Evan mentioned and as we discussed last quarter, we're on track to reposition the portfolio to enhanced returns without taking significant additional risk. However, based on the decline in investment deals during the second quarter, we are now expecting consolidated adjusted investment income to be in the range of $820 million to $830 million for the third quarter which compares to our most recent guidance of $830 million. This is subject to volatility in investment yields, prepayments in our mortgage-backed portfolio, private equity distributions and foreign exchange. Our portfolio continues to have an average AA rating and a duration of approximately four years. Our current book yield is 3.4% and new money rates are 2.3%. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $830 million pre-tax and include $933 million gain from the investment portfolio, primarily from the decline in interest rates, a $159 million mark-to-market loss on the VA portfolio, also primarily from the decline in interest rates and a $59 million gain from FX. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $1.1 billion. Tangible book value per share was up 6.1% reflecting our strong earnings and the net realized and unrealized gains I just mentioned. Net loss reserves increased $269 million for the quarter. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 93%. Adjusted for cat losses and prior period development, the ratio was 89%. As we announced, our catastrophe losses in the second quarter, net of reinsurance, were $390 million pre-tax or $311 million after-tax. Of the pre-tax total, $320 million was from natural catastrophes in North America, and $70 million was from events outside North America. We've included more details of where these losses were incurred in our supplement. Prior period reserve development was positive $301 million pre-tax and comprised $205 million from long-tail lines, principally from 2011 and prior, and $96 million from short-tail lines. Our tax rate on operating income for the quarter is 16.7%, which is in the range of the expected annual effective tax rate of 16% to 18%. Quarterly tax rates will vary based on where our income emerges. I'll turn the call back over to Helen.
Philip V. Bancroft: In the last call we talked about a range of $820 million to $840 million, and we saw that as a view over the rest of the year and thinking that in the second quarter we'd be closer to the lower end of that range and in the fourth quarter we'd be closer to the higher end of that range. At this point we've said, look, we really can't foresee what interest rates are going to do much beyond the third quarter, so we've decided to limit our guidance to the $820 million to $830 million for the third quarter alone.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes. Our leverage at this point is fine. From a rating agency standpoint, from any measure, our leverage is fine. I expect that as we continue to grow our capital base, just naturally that will decrease, but we're within our range.
Philip V. Bancroft: Yes. I think what I'll do, if you don't mind, we take that offline and I'll take you through the documents that we've put out that show the amortization of the intangibles and all of that, right? So we can help you with that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Kai, I think I answered most of your question in my commentary, because I've said the Fireman's Fund ran a 72% retention rate. That's what impacted that 5% and excluding it we were up 1% and I gave you pricing and exposure numbers. The 72% was due to a couple of things. Non-renewal actions, we actually non-renewed a certain percentage of the portfolio and pricing action we took as we convert to the legacy Chubb/ACE pricing. When we take an expiring policy on Fireman's Fund paper and literally convert it to ACE or Chubb paper on our pricing, there is a very meaningful pricing differential in the majority of cases and that also impacted renewal retention rates. There are customers and producers who chose a cheaper option, and by the way, an awful lot of that was contemplated when we actually determined to make the purchase of the Fireman's Fund portfolio. So you have those things. This will continue through the third quarter and in the fourth quarter while it'll continue, it's on a far diminished basis and we expect a substantially higher renewal retention rate because it's on business that's on legacy ACE paper.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you know, that's a forward-looking statement and that's guessing everything that you can imagine about terms and conditions in pricing and renewal retention rates as we go forward. So that's guessing at market conditions. I think it's better to say that – by the way, the cost savings show up in operating expense line, they show up in the claims line, the portion that is UA (23:43) related, they show up in the acquisition line. So they show up in three different categories. What it is safe to say is, the expense savings will ameliorate any deterioration in underwriting margins. Whether it offsets it, we'll see how future years look.
Evan G. Greenberg: There is no near-term, and look, the long-term is going to depend on what's negotiated between the U.K. and the EU, which we don't know. You're all familiar with the term passporting and that would be the biggest impact to us, and in which case if passporting is not negotiated we will have a separate European sub which would have some capital implications. The exact amount I can't tell you, but we'll be able to handle it easily, and it'd have a modest amount of personnel impact as well. Not dramatic. I don't foresee a substantial impact, but let's wait and see what's negotiated.
Evan G. Greenberg: The change in reinsurance will improve the expense ratio in particular, and I'd say that. I'm not going to give the numbers. The third quarter will have less impact than the second quarter, because we don't have the one-time, and the one-time, the underwriting benefit, we had some in the third quarter and some in the fourth quarter last year as you recall. But it was much larger in the first quarter than in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So you get that, we had that positive pickup that wouldn't repeat in 2016 from Fireman's Fund and we disclosed that to you. And so you have those numbers, and you know those. The renewal conversion will have less of an impact in the third quarter than in the second quarter, but it'll still have an impact. And the fourth quarter will be dramatically less.
Evan G. Greenberg: Okay. So the first part of your question I'm going to answer quickly and then I'm going to turn it over to Paul Krump.
Evan G. Greenberg: Ryan, we're on track to do that. Our own projections when we originally did the deal was, from memory, 3.5 years, or under 3.5 years. Our updated projections hold us right on track with that, and growing tangible is important to us. That's a balance sheet, quality of balance sheet question to us. You can pay claims out of tangible capital and it's your most constraining factor financially, is tangible. So growth in tangible is important to us. On the other side of the coin, we will generate, depending on if, you can't predict conditions, you can't predict losses precisely, but our own projections, if they hold, we will generate capital flexibility as well. So I think that's about as far as I want to go with that.
Evan G. Greenberg: No. I am not willing to extend that 3.5-year goal out further. No. That's a misunderstanding. We can achieve that 3.5-year goal and at the same time, we will generate surplus capital.
Evan G. Greenberg: And capital flexibility. Remember, I called out (32:39) capital flexibility. We like having capital flexibility. That's a good thing, and we're in the risk business and we're also a growth company in terms of book value. We like having capital flexibility on our balance sheet.
Evan G. Greenberg: Great. And thank you, Sarah. I'm going to actually ask John Keogh to elaborate on those, and John Lupica or Paul Krump or Juan Andrade may want to pile in.
Evan G. Greenberg: Pretty much in line with our expectation. I gave you the color that we were down around 1.5%, we had an impact of about 1.5% negative growth due to actions we took related to the combined portfolio as we did the merger. And that is around underwriting actions that we had contemplated, either non-renewal or purchasing reinsurance protections. And that is in line – additionally we did, because the market is soft, we did also take some underwriting actions a little bit above what we might have and related around reinsurance as well where we judge the risk/reward. So, altogether, and that's what I said in the commentary, it makes good sense to me. Our renewal retention rates have remained very high, very good. And I've got to tell you, you look at the middle market business at 89.5%, that's high. That's a very good renewal retention rate which in the middle market commercial business in the United States today, the pattern is everyone who's responsible is trying to hold on to their renewals and there is less drive for new business. Among those who really do have the data, have the presence, have good underwriting, there is a bunch of smaller wannabes who are doing some crazy things to, and I think fairly desperate things, to show growth and write new business. That's just normal stuff, nothing to do with the integration. And in our large account business, we ran over a 90% retention rate. Excellent. So what do you have? A high retention rate in the commercial businesses with good underwriting, underwriting action that we have taken to improve risk/reward that we contemplated, and some actions that we took that impact net premium but improve our risk/reward based on soft market conditions. Feeling pretty good to me.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, we'll talk a little bit about it but we're not going to give a roadmap to everybody out there. Paul, go ahead.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you know, frankly, the words you're choosing to use, I don't even relate to most of those. So it's too much time and gossip. We have lost, since the acquisition was announced on the legacy Chubb side, so in over a year, we lost at middle level ranks, 60 people. We lost about 30 to 35 people we didn't want to lose. Now, that grinds on me, however that is out of 31,000 people around the world, that is not a very big number, and word exodus of people, large numbers of this or that, I don't even relate to that. The stability is tremendous and the depth of talent here is great. And somebody steps out, now I'll tell you what, there is someone else eager to take that opportunity and move along.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't know. It's both. First of all, that's the management job to begin with. A, it's organization structure and then it is management activity. So product lines that you take the medical liability area. The person in charge of medical liability is now in charge of our whole medical practice group, and we know that there has been legacy Chubb had a large appetite on the property side for that business, it had a great practice. And so those people become part of a common unit and they begin that unit at underwriting, at the underwriting side and they put together lists of common risks where everyone would play. And then that moves down to our underwriters in the regions who understand that and they're caused to come together in that practice group, and then their movement into the branches where we have salespeople and agent relationship people who get educated. And the underwriters go out with them and they visit producers that have that business in those portfolios of it, and then management feedback because if you can't count it, it ain't worth doing, and so you've got targets and objectives, both financial and non-financial. In the beginning, it's non-financial, because it's activity-related. It's related around internal activities of how people organize and how they're educating each other and how they're doing discovery. And then that turns into an offering and then you start moving that into submissions, and then those submissions move into quotes and then those quotes move into bound business and you are measuring that. Now you have entered our life.
Evan G. Greenberg: First of all, it's not new. There have been people entering this for the last five years, you've seen more entering the marketplace there; a lot of wannabes, small facilities, one underwriter and a little bit of capital, and not a real franchise. You see more people trying to enter now only because – listen, they're scratching for business. They don't want to shrink their – they think growth and just the top line equals strength. They want to show more franchise capabilities, so they begin entering the market. Just look at the world today and imagine to yourself, which I think is the background of your question. Is this a brilliant time to enter the trade credit or political risk business? Interest rates at record lows, $11 trillion in negative rates, invested in negative spreads. You have real rates, you have a world awash in capital, tremendous amount of misallocation of capital. And with all that you have a world growing below trend economically and slowing down more, protectionism growing and geopolitical risk everywhere. Sounds like a brilliant time to get into that business, by the way, where rates are at a – not a record low, but are certainly at a low point. I wish them a lot of luck, because that's all they've got going for them.
Evan G. Greenberg: We don't talk about our reinsurance. Those are privately negotiated and I know people – there are others who will talk about their reinsurance placements as a matter of practice, Ian, so I'm not trying to be rude. As a matter of practice, we just don't talk about it.
Evan G. Greenberg: You know, Ian, that is the right question. The United States is a leader in the democratic, liberal-minded free world. We have a responsibility in that leadership. And we have been absent from the stage of late. We, as a country, recognize the price we seem to pay for that leadership. But we hardly recognize the benefits, that are enormous, that we gain as a country because the world is hardwired, since World War II, to advantage the United States. And the benefits to our economy and GDP and the benefits in terms of stability, where – economies don't flourish but with stability and predictability. And so it's worrisome. And the growing protectionism is worrisome. And the only way you move past that is with leadership, and it's political leadership. Central banks can't help you with this. And protectionism, we all get what that does. At the end of the day, it's beggar-thy-neighbor and the pie grows smaller. The pie doesn't grow bigger. And if you want to feed those who are disadvantaged and you want to provide them opportunities and you want a more prosperous world, you need to be able to afford it. And the only way is through growth. And growth in trade and growth in global trade, where each can bring and use its comparative advantage, that has served the world well. And the way we're vilifying it and somehow re-trading on the past and characterizing it that trade has been evil and has damaged our country and has damaged the world is just so misguided. And then to add to that, that immigration is somehow our enemy is, again, misguided populism and feeding on the suffering of those who may vote. So you get where I stand clearly.
Evan G. Greenberg: And I give it thought. And obviously you go where you think the opportunity is. And if the opportunity looks more hostile, you're going to hesitate, you're going to wait, you're not going to rush. Even if you think longer-term, it's like, well, am I in a hurry right now, or do I have a year or two to wait? And you see lots of places around the world that way, as economic growth slows, insurance growth slows. That's the way it is, and so you adjust accordingly.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, we each have our own hell to live in, and the only thing I could tell you is, is that we think we're pretty good analysts. We think we understand our business pretty well, and we are thoughtful when we make trades and transactions, and we plan for the long-term, not just short-term opportunistic. And we understand how to measure risk/reward. We're fiduciaries of shareholder money, and we're going to exercise that fiduciary responsibility carefully. And so when we make any trades or any transactions like that we do all the analysis. And as I said earlier, the risk/reward is in our benefit.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, I don't think so. And (60:29) what the companies and the two companies' historic averages are so they each have a different basis and remember I was looking at – I gave a worldwide average of industry that way. So you know you've got a little bit of chalk and cheese there when you're thinking about that, but where I link them is directionally when I look at the industry losses, even though they were more elevated, but historic – and I look at our share of them and relative to our share of business, et cetera, they didn't throw me at all. It made good sense to me, number one. Number two, you saw the Global Re , actually had a part of cat losses in the quarter. And you know, they've been relatively quiet. They sell cat excess, we have for many, many years. And so, you know, you get the natural volatility of reinsurance that way, your reinsurance portfolio and they've done very well, by the way, and that business of ours. And so they contributed $50 million or $60 million to that increase. And it was above what they would have expected, but it's cat excess, so, what do you know. If I look at what we would have anticipated in the quarter, legacy ACE by itself would have been about five points of earned premium in the quarter would have been an expected – the two companies together now, about 5.75 points of earned premium. So the volatility signature hasn't really changed. So anyway, maybe that gives you a little color around it.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, one company is under a statutory order and that is the Brandywine which is runoff. And so the State of Pennsylvania has an external review while we do our own internal and we do our own internal annually anyway. And legacy Chubb has done an annual review and we're bringing those two together. And by the way, it's on the margin what the differences are between the two in approach. Very, very similar, but it's a unified team that will – management team that will oversight the two together. That's it.
Evan G. Greenberg: And that gets around packages, traditional packages, we're adding specialty coverages to them. We're after industry verticals the same way we do in the U.S. But understand that these are small premiums per policy. And so to move the stick and really grow a volume takes years of patience. So, it's not something we're going to discuss every quarter. And it's one of those things that we'll polish it in the basement and we'll march out with it. It's looking pretty good there.
Evan G. Greenberg: The tort environment is reasonably stable. There are hostile trends. There are rulings that we have noticed over the last year or two years, particularly in labor and labor-related liability, depending on the state because it's state-based, not Federal, workers comp, and which is again labor-related and that more in the main. On the other side of the coin, the Federal Courts and particularly the Supreme Court has been pretty friendly in its rulings more favorable for corporate. And when you look at class actions and security class actions-related rulings, those have been favorable. Look, you look forward, depending on who's elected, we could see a more liberal turn to the courts. And think that would ultimately be hostile to tort and for insurance.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Sure. It's the automobile business. If you look at structurally how Brazil works, there's two or three very large players who dominate the marketplace. And number one – and they have such an advantage in terms of distribution, claims management, data, et cetera. And high net worth auto in Brazil is code word for simply very high valued automobiles, and by the way, a lot of sports cars. You may not know this, but I think the second city in the world with the greatest number of Ferraris is São Paulo, and that's just a parlor statistic for you. And the ability to be able to price that business, manage it well and have a business that is of a large enough size because the definition of high net worth in Brazil relative to high net worth, say in the United States, is so different. In the U.S., a fraction of our portfolio is automobile. Most of it is homeowners, jewelry, art, furnishings, it's a much broader portfolio. Auto is a minority portion of it. You get to Brazil, there is no high valued homeowners per se, and insuring all the rest, very tiny market. So it's the reverse. You end up with an automobile portfolio that is very, in a sense, anti-selected and hard to manage and that you don't get paid for and you don't have the benefits of all the rest. So there is an underwriting tutorial, Meyer, 101.
Paul J. Krump: Sure, Evan. And maybe just to put a sharper point on that because we do see a little bit of account rounding coming in on ACE paper as well, so somebody might be buying an excess policy above their homeowners and automobile. So there is a small amount of "new" business coming on to ACE paper, but that's from account rounding and it's not truly a new customer. You mentioned commissions. There's been really no change in the commission structure whatsoever. Our agents enjoy good commissions and our GSC program is alive and well.
Paul J. Krump: For the foreseeable future, we'll have the two platforms. Evan has mentioned in previous calls that we're always looking for new product and we're kicking around how we can improve the current masterpiece, which is really the Cadillac of products out there. And over time we will work on that, and I would foresee at that point that there would be a conversion.
Paul J. Krump: I'll probably add just a little bit. As I watch that people travel together and understand each other's appetite, Evan calls it knitting the organization together, we're seeing every day in the middle market lots of opportunities. I heard about one this week out in Chicago where we were traveling to an agent that was appointed by legacy Chubb and just wanted to meet some of the legacy ACE underwriters, and they walked away with a $221,000 account just because they did not understand ACE's appetite obviously from the past. But we're very excited about the opportunity to learn more, and just in the course of the last two days resulted in a $221,000 account.
Paul J. Krump: Yes, Paul, I would unpack that a little bit. You really have two thoughts going there. One is appetite, and I would suggest to you that the two companies have come together and have very complementary appetites. Legacy ACE is bringing a lot of skill in areas that legacy Chubb didn't have. For example, cyber or environmental. And we are certainly cross-selling and taking advantage of those new skills. So, yes, there's been an absolute increase in the Chubb appetite if you think about legacy Chubb in the middle market space. So accident and health would be another one where we are cross-selling. If you are talking about terms and conditions, I think Evan said it in his remarks, that we're seeing a slight erosion around the margin, in particular around cat. Flood, we're seeing people lower deductibles for the same premiums or increasing the sub-limits around quake. We are resisting that as best we possibly can. We are not in the business of under-pricing exposure, so we're trying to be as disciplined as we possibly can in this marketplace.
