Evan Greenberg: As I noted on the second quarter earnings call, our investment income is based on many factors. And notwithstanding our better-than-expected results over the last few quarters, we continue to expect our quarterly run rate to be approximately $900 million. Pretax catastrophe losses for the quarter were 1.1 billion. With about 1 billion in the U.S. of which 806 million was from Hurricane Ida. And 135 million from international events of which 95 was from flood losses in Europe. Our reserve position remains strong with net reserves increasing 1.7 billion
Evan Greenberg: to answer it a little differently than that. I mean, it's a broader statement that I'm making and in the press release it was not simply about Chubb, it's the industry. The industry and Chubb included has seen in recent years arise in the frequency and severity of insured losses globally from commercial and personal property arising from that cut. And especially losses from less well modeled or non-modeled causes. Our objective with all of this is twofold, price business adequately get paid for the risk. Secondly, understand that manage accumulation of exposures against weather-related pearls modeled and non or less well modeled. Factors that are contributing to the rise in loss actually fall into 3 categories. First, we're seeing today changes globally in the frequency and severity of the apparel such as tropical storms, wildfires, and floods. However, the historical record provides an interesting context when thinking about today's risk environment. For example, recent land falling U.S. hurricane activity is not especially anomalous in either frequency or frequency of intense storms as measured by wind speed compared to say, the first part of the 20th century. And repeats of storms from this earlier period would in fact generate losses far greater than any modern storm in terms of industry loss. All of which is already contemplated in our modeling and risk management. And with all that said though, there is evidence now that the amount of precipitation contained within the storms appears to be greater. And that is increasing the amount of loss emanating from events. The second factor that contributes is changes to the exposure footprint of insurable personal and commercial properties, increases in actual exposure units, and values from GDP growth, demographic shifts to higher risk geographies, and aging building stock are all examples of factors that are leading the higher loss potential. And finally, the third, the impact of natural events is further amplified by increasingly vulnerable infrastructure. For example, the levy failures during Hurricane Katrina in '05, and the systemic electric grid failure during the 2021 Texas freeze. We're actively working to reflect the impact of all of these trends in our pricing, risk selection, and exposure management. We have significant advances in modeling, especially secondary perils such as floods and wildfires. But there's still a way to go. Our loss costs consider recent experience together with explicit recognition of factors that can be quantified, such as sea level rise, exposure growth, or demographic shifts. And we continue to refine our portfolio management to manage risk aggregation and an ever more granular level. The net results for us are dynamically risk adjusted rates that appropriately reflect changes in charges for both recent loss experience and exposure concentrations. So we're striving to stay on top of this, and we have an awful lot of resource dedicated to the effort. And frankly, I think we're in pretty good shape.
Evan Greenberg: No. There's no one ingredient. I'm not worried, so I wouldn't characterize it as worry. If you're worried, don't be in the casualty business. These are -- these are dynamics that are -- that are enduring and so all of the -- all of the ingredients, whether it is social inflation, the trial bar, and as a business, litigation funding. At this moment in time, understanding the latency because courts are closed and not taking the head -- have been closed, not taking the head-fake on the lag. And then you have simply economic, inflation, and science, and legal environment changing with legislation, all of that has been our consistent factors. Some rear their head a little more than others at times. And we're mindful of all of that. And that's what we try to do a good job of anticipating. And by the nature of it, you can only anticipate so much of it. And the future is unknowable until it arrives. In fact, so therefore, you manage conservatively declare bad news early and good news late. Thanks for the question.
Evan Greenberg: When it comes to Wutai the ownership stake, buying that up, which -- buying it up to over 50%, and good luck prognosticating specifically with China over the next few months, number of months. And then going well in excess of that potentially I would say through 2022.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Look, exposure growth in aggregate, net-net, had about a 0.5 impact on our North America commercial lines growth. And that includes both positives from economic activity and then structural changes like deductible increases and retention etc, that would go the other way and it all nets out to about a 0.5 a point.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, I do. I think -- look, I don't have a crystal ball, but from everything I see right now about rates and the shape and pattern of how -- when I look over a number of quarters, what I would call is simply a moderation in the rate of increase. When I look at that and I look at the loss cost environment, and then I look at our retention rates against the kinds of rates we're achieving. So we achieved certain rate increases, booked a retention rate on business, which then tells me about the tone of the marketplace. All of that tells me that the industry should continue to achieve rate in excess of loss cost for some time to come.
Evan Greenberg: Right now in short-tail, there is evidence of inflation in the homeowners lines and has been for some time. but not so much in commercial property, paid losses. But given labor costs and commodity prices, and supply chain problems in scarcity and materials, we expect costs to rise and we're building that view into future claim payments. And our pricing, which is only prudent. And that's all I'm saying, we're anticipating just in the common sense way ahead of it. Not waiting for it to be on top.
Evan Greenberg: Yeah. Let's not confuse though. What I said about short-tail and what you just said about casualty. We and all the whole industry, we've been saying for over a year and a half now that obviously with courts closed, dockets full, it has a delay in the processing or the final adjudication of casualty related claims. And that's a pattern -- a paid pattern and change. But any good underwriter is not going to take that head-fake and believe that change of pattern means a change in ultimate loss. And so therefore, we don't believe that's exchange of the trends. And so therefore, as I said earlier we remain with a 6% trend factor a nd the pace will ultimately come through as well as the lag and incurrence.
Evan Greenberg: Tracy, it's like describing -- these are countries, they're not markets. They're individual countries with their own cultures, their own socioeconomic dynamics, their own social systems. Their individual languages.
Evan Greenberg: These are -- I wouldn't view it in a sterile away, it's -- Asia 's vast and no different than saying, well, can we talk about the United States and France in the same breath? No. Or the United States, France, and Brazil. You have to think of them each independently. That's the whole point of managing a global business. You understand the local market. Idiosyncrasies, opportunities, and risks. The geographies are great varied by each.
Evan Greenberg: We'll cross that bridge when more information is known. We have very close and productive dialogue. Always on an ongoing basis with rating agencies.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks. Like with all companies, it's a constant effort and it's a difficult marketplace for recruiting and retention rates are modestly lower and it's a combination of people moving around, and more retirements. And just making different choices in their lives an outcome of -- clearly of COVID in many ways. We have -- to manage, we've significantly beefed up and improved our resource capabilities around recruiting. And we have such an intense focus on it, and the -- in aggregate, the number of open positions we had in June in North America is down today from what it was then. We're making progress and continue to make progress, but you have to grind on it. People want -- many people want different -- a different way to work. They want more flexibility in the days that they work or the hours that they work. And while we remain work from office Company and we'll be. We have adjusted and recognized that given the ability with technology today, that has been proven over the -- NSA accelerated the proving of that over the last year-and-a-half since we went into shutdown or closer to 2 years now or I guess about a year and a half. The -- our ability to productively work, not simply from the office, but from home allows for greater flexibility. And we recognize that and therefore are adjusting our own expectations around that. So we're mindful obviously, and we're in a marketplace that competes for talent. We want the best and the brightest and those -- and the most ambitious, I should say. Really the most ambitious to want to work for Chubb. We are an ambitious Company. We're not going to moderate our goals and our objectives because of employment concerns were going to just step up our game to make sure we're a place where those who share our ambition and want to work hard, but want to apply different kind of work life balance and where they work from. We want them to work here. And we want them to be motivated to be here. And so we're making strides in that. I think good strides. And as I said, the overall number of open positions here is down. And down, not a small amount.
Evan Greenberg: No, I don't believe so. Chubb has -- enjoys an extremely strong position with all of the top brokerage, and agency plants in the country. Strong dialog, strong presence. Our spread of product and capability. And our local capability, we are simply a very compelling offering to any broker who has to -- or agent who has to make a market, that's their job, to make a market. And pretty hard to make a market without Chubb. And so we bring a lot of compelling capability and tools, and frankly, as they compete against each other, and it's a fierce market within the brokerage community of how they compete for business. Chubb is an important ingredient in helping them in their effort to compete and our partnership between ourselves is very well balanced.
Evan Greenberg: Not better terms on reinsurance. It's sustainable. It's a mix of business driven, predominantly within commercial lines. And it's -- there is fee business, there is commissioned business. And what you see is pretty steady, and on the margin. And though not unimportant, commission rates in some lines of business as rates have increased, have come down. And that also benefits to a degree. We think it's available.
Evan Greenberg: And it doesn't self-correct. But it is definitely within when you're in a hard market, it is one of the ingredients that also helps clients to ameliorate rate increase. And they're motivated and and incented. because you go from a million to a 2 million attachment point on what you pay, you got out of a dollar swap layer with us. The difference between a million and 2 million is adequately price. So it's rational, you retain that for yourself. And so attachment points and deductibles and limits for different exposures within a policy, are all ingredients that have been and continue to be adjusted to today's economic environment and a more rational construction of policy terms and conditions. And that is taking place and has been taking place on a broad basis. And I'll remind you, Ryan so that completely transparent about it. Within how we -- when we look at rate increase, we include that within our definition of increase in rate because in the areas in the lines were we can measure it definitively, and we can in certain lines very well.
Evan Greenberg: And depending on the business, particularly in middle market, more than stickier it endures. It tends to endure.
Evan Greenberg: Thanks Brian. know supplies the base prices were up significantly year-over-year and our spring crops, corn and beans were up 18, and 29% respectively. And we had another record year in terms of policy count acquisition growth, and new acres planted by our producers. So that really drove the 43 growth that you can base. price, John 's referring to in a simple way, if you apply a rate against exposure. And exposure is the commodity price of say, corn or beans. And that price, which is a February price, that's when you're priced the policies, is up significantly over the prior year because the commodity prices are up.
Evan Greenberg: Our travel business is predominantly Asia and Latin America. And if you've been following it, Asia has been locked down until very recently where it's just starting to open. Countries like Australia that have been closed for a year-and-a-half, they're just going to open in November. Singapore, Thailand, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, they've all been locked down. And they are just starting to open now through November. And we're starting to see growth pickup, in fact, and one Luis can remind us, I think it's the month of September or October, is our first month where we've seen real growth and it was, let's say 8% and we're all jumping up and down about it. However, to remind you, our travel is off about 85% from what it was at '19, so 8% is got a ways to go.
Evan Greenberg: Well, Meyer I'll remind you, we were -- we gave some forward information that in California we were shrinking. We were shrinking not a small amount in our footprint that is exposed to wildfire both highly exposed and even moderately exposed to wildfire, which is not a small amount. And we gave an amount of premium that related to that, that would impact us. And that's because in the State of California, in their own wisdom, we cannot charge an adequate price for the risk and not by a small amount. So someone else will have the pleasure of writing that business, unfortunately. And so we've been shrinking that and in particular Florida, we've been pretty steady.
Evan Greenberg: Well, the opportunities are great. It's going to -- over time it's going to add a lot of activity to construction around infrastructure. Now, it's you passed the bill, and then putting the shovel on the ground takes a period of time, and the infrastructure bill, if I recall correctly, is to generate infrastructure improvements over a decade. But it'll -- a trillion dollars is an awful lot of infrastructure. Now, the issue of labor will be very interesting to see. It's one thing to want to -- to want to realize those infrastructure projects that our country sorely needs. And on the other hand, the labor to affect those projects is something that Congress is going to have to wrestle with and read into that immigration and temporary work visa 's for Mexicans and others south of the border we're very capable and executing that labor and by the way, want to go home after they -- after working here. They don't want to necessarily remain here. And we have to rationally recognize that and address that as part of a 1-point -- a $1 trillion infrastructure package, if we're to spend it and make the difference we expect. And the insurance industry will be a beneficiary of that because those projects need to be insured, both construction and surety.
