Peter Enns: Thank you, Evan and good morning. As you have just heard, we continue to deliver strong underlying business and investment performance in the fourth quarter, leading to another year of record results. Book value and tangible book value per share increased 6.2% and 9.5% respectively since September. The increase reflects strong operating results, $544 million in dividends and share repurchases as well as net realized and unrealized gains of $1.6 billion after tax, including $1.3 billion in this income portfolio from declining interest rates and foreign currency translation gains of $594 million. This quarter’s mark-to-market investment gains follow prior quarter’s losses from a rising rate environment, reinforcing our view that these fluctuations in valuation, particularly on a high-quality fixed income portfolio are largely transient and don’t represent real economics for a buy and hold insurance company like Chubb. For the full year, book and tangible book value per share decreased 12.9% and 23.5%, whereas excluding AOCI they increased 5.3% and 3% respectively, including the dilutive impact on tangible equity of the Cigna acquisition. Our core operating return on tangible equity for the quarter and year was 18.6% and 17.2% respectively, while our core operating ROE for the quarter and year was 11.9% and 11.2%. Turning to investments, adjusted net investment income for the quarter of over $1.1 billion topped last quarter’s record by more than 6% and was 24% higher than the prior year quarter. We anticipate this to continue to increase in 2023 through portfolio growth and a continuing attractive rate environment. And as such, we expect our quarterly adjusted net investment income to now be in the range of $1.135 billion to $1.155 billion. The quarter included pre-tax catastrophe losses of $400 million, principally from winter storm Elliott. There were other weather-related events in the quarter, offset by changes from prior quarter’s cats. However, there was no change in our aggregate Hurricane Ian estimate. Catastrophe and crop insurance underwriting losses together added 6.6 percentage points to our P&C combined ratio. We had favorable prior period development in our active companies in the quarter of $254 million mainly in the short-tail lines, primarily from commercial P&C lines of property, marine and agriculture from 2020 and 2021 accident years. In addition, there was adverse development of $87 million in our legacy runoff exposures, including $62 million related to asbestos, which was recognized as part of our annual reserve review. Our paid-to-incurred ratio for the quarter was 102% of which about 8 percentage points related specifically to payments in our crop insurance program, which are typically higher in the fourth quarter each year. The paid-to-incurred ratio was 85%, excluding crops, cats and PPD. International Life Insurance segment income post the Cigna acquisition is as expected, except for an adverse non-recurring $52 million adjustment in the quarter related to Huatai, the company’s partially owned insurance entity. This adjustment was to better align our accounting policies and procedures. In addition, the Life Insurance segment in total benefited from a reserve release of $60 million in the quarter related to our combined North America business. Our core operating effective tax rate was 17.5% for the quarter and 17.8% for the year, in line with previously guided range. Our expected annual core operating effective tax rate for 2023, we expect to be in the range of 18% to 19%. On a final note, Chubb is adopting long-duration targeted improvement accounting guidance, or LDTI, as of January 1, 2023. This changes the accounting for long-duration contracts, which relates to our Life Insurance businesses. And this is an accounting change only, having no impact on the underlying economics. In the 10-K, we will disclose the historical book value impact as of 1 and 2 years ago, but as of year-end ‘22, we expect a net favorable but immaterial impact to book value. I’ll now turn the call back over to Karen.
Peter Enns: I think all I’d say is if you looked at the prior year quarter there was a significant COVID-related release. So if you’re comparing, I think you just need to adjust for that. 
Peter Enns: Last year, last quarter had a large COVID adjustment. So that’s why it’s hard to compare. You can’t compare quarter-on-quarter that way from year-to-year within North America commercial.
Peter Enns: So, the one-time charge I have mentioned, and it’s a non-recurring charge was related to Huatai as it relates to aligning our accounting policies as our ownership levels increased and that was $52 million. There was an additional, which I didn’t say about $8 million of FX impact. And so that’s how I think about it. If you are looking at the international life insurance business, the reported income and adjusting for those two things, that would give you more of a sense of how we view ongoing income coming out of that business, which is why we spiked out the largest of the two, and I will just highlight the one other one.
Peter Enns: Excellent what it will be. But to be very clear, the $52 million, we view very much is one-time to align policies as we have gotten closer to and more insight.
Peter Enns: Brian, maybe to revisit the context just to what Evan said, so we have about $1.6 billion left, so up to $1.6 billion through the first half of this year. And one more point in context as we looked at it. And this is not the framework we use this has come up on a prior call. But buybacks and dividends of $4.4 billion aggregate to about 75% of our income for the year, which we think is a reasonable way to compared to others. But it’s not actually how we manage it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Look, I don’t think there is an increase in competition related to interest rates. And remember, look at the yield curve, what the market expect rates to be going out a couple of years. No one misses that. And rates are not at such a level that it would have a material impact, if you were thinking about cash flow underwriting the business and you have liability durations in your question that runs somewhere between 7 years and 25 years, depending on the line of business. So I would – I don’t think that’s – I’m taking time to talk about that because I listen to those – that kind of thinking, and you’re a smart guy, and others are I think you guys should think that through a little more. It’s more to do with them. And I don’t see an increase in competition. I see a pretty steady market. But what I do note in certain lines of business is either a lack of recognition of the loss cost environment naive at around loss cost environment, or just a failure of management to be in touch and drill in and show leadership, take action. And I just am concerned about that in certain lines where – when you think about it on a risk-adjusted adequate return basis, and that’s why I spiked out two lines in particular. I don’t think there is a recognition among most that to maintain discipline, you better keep pace with loss cost because there is no room and, in some cases, overshooting the mark and this can get away from you pretty quickly. We’re not in a benign inflation environment in casualty, and that has nothing to do with general inflation that has to do more with everything around so-called social inflation. And you can see it. It’s a trend that has footprints that go back a number of years, and it’s very, very clear. Then you have a couple of other lines, which I spike out separately from casualty where market condition – where pricing has been very good. And loss cost has been reasonable. And so you can understand rate adjustment, give back but be careful. It’s not endless.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Elyse, just so you know, you’re breaking up a little bit. I think I got it, but you’re just be aware that it’s hard. You’re not coming through really clearly. I think you were talking about property cat and whether we see it as an opportunity. Look, we have a very clear mind about our standards, adjusted returns we would expect to see in property cat to increase our exposure. And we’re in the middle of the market. And so I’m not going to comment any further than that, except that if the conditions are right, from – in both terms and in pricing, then Chubb is a risk taker in property cat. We will increase. However, it’s not a business we need to chase by any means. And so we will only deploy additional capital to take more exposure if we like the trade. Beyond that, I know you want to know specifics and I’m hardly going to look forward and talk about it while we’re on the field of play. You’ll see the footprints after the fact.
Evan Greenberg: Elyse, I think if you listened to my commentary, I just said that. When I talked about the 14.8%, I believe it was increase in pricing. I mentioned the cat environment, I mentioned availability, I mentioned reinsurance availability and reinsurance pricing.
Evan Greenberg: I think I already made my comment about that property is an opportunity for Chubb is what I said only 10 minutes ago. I can’t stand on it any further than that.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, I’m not going to go deep into that, but you – I will relate you back in my commentary where I said that the industry in casualty needs to get more rate to keep pace with loss cost and one of the things that is in my – on my mind in that regard is you can’t rely on price as much going forward in casualty, which is about sale, you rate off of sale or you rate off of payroll, you rate off of human for business-related exposures. It could be square footage and to measure traffic of consumers coming through. These are all economically related exposure movements. And that will – whether we have recession or we don’t have recession, I don’t think that’s the point. The point really is as economic activity relative to ‘22 and ‘21, certainly, is going to be slower. And so you need rate, pure rate and can rely less on the exposure on the percentage of exposure to help the performance when you think about rate to exposure and inflation and loss cost. That is more of what’s on my mind when I think about exposure. I don’t think about it as much in terms of growth overall and the support of our growth rate. And I think our growth rate will be just fine.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I can’t speak to everybody else. And so you’ll just have to stay tuned and figure that out, Paul. But beyond that, I know when I think about short tail lines where you’re seeing reinsurance price increases, I’m not worried from a Chubb point of view of achieving rate and price to both keep pace or exceed loss costs. What we expect for cat and to manage increased reinsurance costs. I think that – and that’s why I gave you the fourth quarter pricing I think it’s – I think that speaks for itself that way.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. On your first question, it’s on a premium basis, the 96%. So it’s both policy count, customer retention in terms of unit count, and it has the impact of price of rate in there in the 96%. So on a policy count basis, on a customer retention basis, it is a lower number, but it’s – but on historic earns basis, it’s very high. It’s very stable our renewal book of business. And I think that’s reasonably true for the industry given where you are, there was so much movement of customer during the hardest part of the cycle in COVID and all of that. And as people pulled back capacity and so many accounts had to find a new home. And then you find that there is more stability in retention of customers, both distribution do they want to move it, the customers themselves don’t want. And so you have more of a stability that way. So, that’s running at a high level. When I look forward on financial lines and comp, look, I can only give you – if I am going to prognosticate to you, I can only prognosticate what I would think would be logical and markets are never logical. There is all kinds of players. I do see in financial lines, more of the established players really know the businesses are more stable and showing more stability and recognizing that, okay, there has been – where are we on a risk-adjusted and at an expected loss cost basis. They have more insight into that and then a lot of small one of Visa [ph]. And so it creates a little chaos in the market that way, but I see a little more stability that way right now beginning to emerge. In comp, I don’t know what to tell you. The market has to draw a line and I think that moment of truth is coming.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, of course. That’s all that – listen we can track attachment point changes and all of that and ventilating of layers and all that good stuff. So, yes, and that’s all baked into our thinking, of course.
Evan Greenberg: I am really not going to overly dwell on this subject now. So, I am going to move along. But what – the only other piece of information I will give you is that the loss cost trends we have, I gave you an overall and that means it is a mix of primary in excess and all of that baked into it. It is stable. Our view is stable at this time and we constantly look at it, and I gave you a lot of information in the second quarter and third quarter around inflation and how we adjusted for our views and forward views on inflation, both in the pricing and in our actual reserving. And so I am going to stop right there.
Evan Greenberg: I think you – I mean look at it by ratios, Brian. I think they are just stellar. They are world-class returns and I am very happy with the returns in our portfolio. And as far as whether they would get any better, well, stay tuned.
Evan Greenberg: No. And that’s why I really did want to take time and step back and we all look at perspective together of our capital management policy and how it translated to numbers. And I mean it’s a stunning amount of capital that we have used. I mean it speaks to our stewardship of capital and our earning power over the couple of years. And I wanted to create that context and perspective, nothing has changed at all in how we manage, think about managing capital and buybacks is just one dimension of that as you know. And we have a buyback authorization. And we have a bunch remaining within that. And we say that as we do, when you read it, that we will repurchase up to that amount. And we are just steady as she goes. Nothing has changed about how we view it.
Evan Greenberg: Look, we have plenty of capital and firepower to support organic growth on our appetite, and I already said it around property, and it extends to any line of business. If we like the terms and the pricing on a risk-adjusted basis, we will grow our exposure period. Is that something to say. Volatility, if I am paid to take it.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. I think it is both in earnings and it is both a source of earnings growth, and it is a source of revenue growth, particularly in Asia. And it is in both the risk ends of life insurance, which think about more accident and health oriented, which I have gone into detail about that. As well as protection, more traditional protection and savings business, think about it through a variety of distribution channels, agency direct marketing, telephone-based and the fast emergence of digital channels. Think about it in partnership with our non-life business, which are very active that way and that’s a competitive advantage for Chubb in life and Asia’s. Our integrated capability and distribution and product among life and non-life together to the same customers. Think about the growing consumer base. Middle income, in particular, and then high net worth, particularly in certain territories, China and Hong Kong based and the middle income from Korea to Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and think about this is the most dynamic region in the world when you think about long-term wealth creation. And I think the next 1 year or 2 years, sure, look good, but that’s not what’s on my mind. It’s the next 5 years to 10 years and how it’s now 20% of our business, Asia, and the majority of it is consumer, not commercial. And when I think across all lines, including the life and that business, to me, will represent a greater percentage of Chubb. And over time, you can’t measure it just quarter-to-quarter. But over a period of time, when you look at it, we will out – its growth trajectory will outpace the rest of the company.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I think it tells you a few things. We have grown our exposure a lot. And your first incurred losses and we are in a fast, we have been in a faster growth trajectory. So, when you conceptualize, we have grown more quickly exposure, incurred losses come and grow at a certain pace before the paids come through. So, on one hand, you have that. And then on the other hand, you have the strength and maybe it speaks ultimately to the strength of our reserves. And let’s just wait and see over time. It’s nothing, but good news.
Evan Greenberg: I will try to have M&A on the table. No, there is no M&A. I am looking at a table that is empty at the moment. It’s organic growth and we are endeavoring along and it is very digital and modern centric. And in concert with our middle market and lower middle market business. And the two of those, while the small commercial itself gets modernized into a digital enterprise, it is a consistent and very intense strategy in terms of management focus, resource and attention. I am looking at John Lupica, I am looking at John Keogh and we have the most senior executives with their eyes and Julie Dillman, who runs all of our IT and Ops and drives our transformation. From that end, we have got so much executive talent just focused and committed that this is an important future business to Chubb. And it is just – it’s consistent and it’s – you grind it out, yard-by-yard.
