Philip Bancroft: Thank you Evan. Chubb’s overall financial position grew stronger in the quarter as we continue to generate substantial capital and positive cash flow. We have a very strong balance sheet to support our business around the globe with total capital exceeding $63 billion. We grew our tangible book value per share by 4.3% in the quarter. Concerning tangible book value per share growth, you will remember that at the close of our merger the initial dilution to our tangible book value per share was 29%, since then we have reduced that dilution to about 10%. Among the capital related actions in the quarter, we returned $667 million to shareholders including $332 million in dividends and $335 million in shares repurchased. Year-to-date though June 30, our share repurchases have totaled 475 million. Investment income of $855 million was a record and was $20 million higher than our expectations. Half of that increase was due to higher than estimated private equity distributions and the other half from increased call activity in our corporate bond portfolio. Net realized and unrealized gain for the quarter was $747 million pre-tax and include a $588 million gain from the investment portfolio primarily from decreases in interest rates and gains from our private equity portfolio. We have also had $116 million gain from FX and an $80 million gain in our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. Net loss reserves increased $226 million for the quarter. The pace of incurred ratio in the quarter was 99%. Adjusting for cat losses and prior period development, the ratio was 95%. We had positive prior period development in the quarter of $170 million pre-tax, about a $144 million after-tax. This include a $43 million pre-tax of adverse development related to our run-off non-A&E casualty exposures, which is included in corporate, and $57 million pre-tax favorable development relating to our industrial accident workers’ compensation coverage from the 2016 accident year. The remaining favorable development was split 40% long tail lines principally for the 2012 and prior accident years and 60% short tail lines. Our catastrophe losses in the quarter were 200 million or a $152 million after-tax compared to $390 million or $311 million after-tax in the prior year. Catastrophe losses this quarter were primarily from U.S. weather related events. Integration realized and annualized run rate savings are ahead of expectation. Total incremental integration related savings realized in the quarter were a $105 million leading to total inception to-date realized savings of $554 million. On an annualized run rate basis, savings through June are $775 million. As Evan noted, we now expect to achieve annualized run rate savings of $875 million by the end of 2018 up from our prior estimate of $800 million. We are also expecting integration and merger related expenses to be $903 million up from our prior estimate of $809 million. As we disclosed in our press release the benefit of these integration related savings is reflected in our combined ratio. Our combined ratio in the quarter reflected the incremental impact of integration related savings of $104 million, a $45 million benefit related to the harmonization of the Company’s pension and retiree healthcare plans and the release of loss adjustment expense reserves of $30 million. These favorable items was partially offset by increased spending to support growth and the impact of salary increases and inflation. We noted in the fourth quarter of 2016 that we expect the incremental annualized impact of our U.S. retirement plan harmonization to be approximately $100 million pre-tax. Through six months we have realized $80 million, the remaining $20 million is expected to be recognized in the second half of 2017. The operating income tax rate for the quarter is 16%, which is at the low end of our expected range, principally due to a higher level of catastrophe losses occurring in the U.S. we expect our annual effective tax rate to remain within 16% to 18% range for the remainder of the year. I will turn the call back over to Helen.
Philip Bancroft: Yes well, you are already seeing it flow through the bottom line substantially and we are investing in the business as I gave you on the commentary. Where it comes from is spread broadly across the organization, its fundamentally not in the underwriting units or in sales and marketing, its more in support operations and it is personal cost related, it is outside services related, it is IT related and it’s to some degree real estate related.
Philip Bancroft: First , I would say this to you. our auto book is not a huge book, we are not a general auto market rider and we are earning in underwriting profit in automobile. We had unit growth in the quarter, we wrote double-digit number of new policies. Some of that is multiple policies on a customer and so we would say high-single thousands or mid-single thousands of new policy count. We are trying to get a handle better data on buying policies backed in customers in aggregate and making sure we have that exactly right, so I don’t wanted to misspeak about that. But we are gaining grip and our growth is coming in all three areas, we are getting it from the mass affluent, we are getting it from the higher segments of high net worth, all the way up to very high net worth both number of customers, but as well their own exposures grow as they acquire more assets, homes, et cetera and we are up selling there. I’m pleased with the progress we are making in personal lines, I can tell you as you get it, it’s like talking about small commercial, it comes in small bites, it take a long time to effect change that really shows in numbers in a significant way, but I like the way our marketing in sales is organized in our field operations, I like how we are being able to now begin to target county-by-county of the United States, where our target market is and beginning to put in place the capabilities in the sales and agent process to be able to target those customers to go after. That’s not a six months project, that’s multi-year project to really shows itself, but we are doing that. I like what is going on in our branding, I like what is going on in our new product capabilities as we rollout coverages and farm and ranch and cyber and directors and officers liability, not for profit in a better way. I like what we were doing in our service in underwriting, to the very high net worth and being able to underwrite them between admitted in E&S and global in a better way and we can do even better. The game plan we have put in place, if anything we are just crystallizing or focus on it, we are operationalizing better, we have more talent that we brought into high net worth from both inside and outside the organization. We have restructured, so that we can get a better focus on individual markets and as well speed of how we may change, but at the same time, this is a filed product state-by-state, rating product changes and system changes take time. I love the future ahead of us in that line of business.
Philip Bancroft: Yes, the VA business are run-off, variable annuity business. We told you earlier I think it was in the fourth quarter that we adjusted our models and took our earnings and as a result put up our reserve that took down our earnings year-on-year. So quarter-on-quarter was around about $15 million to $16 million a quarter just coming off because of that change, right. And then our international life business is actually growing. You know Jay what I would do is if you look at Page 18 of this supplement, you will see that while the GAAP premium is down 3% , 3.5% the overall production in the quarter is up 8% if you include deposits and it’s up 14% over the six months. So we are starting to see strong growth in the production for the overall international life book.
Philip Bancroft: Right. So it was the business that was put into Brandywine in about 1995, there is a number of casualty lines where we had development.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Well first of all you wouldn’t be able to see it in the cat load, because we don’t give guidance. So you don’t actually know what our cat load is, but as an example we have told you this before, first of all you get the annualized impact of reinsurance it has to run its course. So we bought a quota share treaty last year, Northeast quota share it’s also in our Qs and Ks. And we bought that and we were very clear - I’m giving you one example, in third quarter last year that the trade-off of premium versus buying straight cat access on a risk reward basis made much more sense to us and that did lower our cat profile as one example. Secondly, merger related underwriting actions both for concentration exposure on a per risk or a cat basis as well as portfolio that haven’t met our underwriting standards of making a reasonable underwriting return. When you look at the accident year loss ratio it is benefiting and that it is in fact flat year-on-year. That’s illogical when you think about rate and trend. Mathematically, it’s not possible, if you are mathematically on us. However, what ameliorates that what ameliorates it is expense savings and also underwriting actions that we have taken merger related that help to ameliorates that. I hope that answers your question.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. Well, large account and shared and layered has been competitive for longer. I mean, they have been both rate and trends that’s be gridding on for a few years between the wholesale market feeding it and the direct retail market and reinsurers. All participants have been involved in the competitive environment there and it has been going on. At some point, what happens? Losses start coming in, broader terms and conditions, they start catching up to pricing and combined ratios rise, you see it. It’s not hiding itself. And that eventually causes rates to begin to flatten out. Not necessarily in a place to that [equip] (Ph), but the first thing I have to do start flattening out. So market wares itself out at some point. In the middle market, the middle market is always more orderly than the large account particularly shared and layered. And that began late, that has just only began in the last number of quarters to become more competitive where companies are trying to reach for growth. Economic growth is reasonably slow and companies are reaching for more growth, because they don’t have another way to go and as you are seeing EPS and that will go for a little while. It is my sense. I don’t see a catalyst excepted really combined ratios underwriting cash flow. So Ryan, I can’t forecast the future, I sit with a crystal ball, but my sense is, it’s more competitive and it will remain that way for a little while.
Evan Greenberg: You know we don’t give forward guidance, but I don’t see a reason why the trend that we are seeing in our underlying growth doesn’t continue and merger-related underwriting actions will continue to ameliorate as the year goes along. And you are correct there was a large - last year not only did we buy it, we also did an [un-urged] (Ph) premium transfer that also impacted net written premium at that time. So you are correct it was more penalty last year.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, and remember what I spoke to was a - I don’t have my exact words in front of me, but that we have revenue, we would have expense saves that translated to operating income and that we would have income from additional revenue opportunities that would approach some proportional either equal or within a range. I haven’t changed my view on the revenue side, we haven’t really top stated that frankly to look forward in the next two or three years about that. All things being equal, the revenue synergies that we have projected remain on-track. We are growing the small commercial business, we said that would take years to occur. That is happening. We said that we would gain in middle market around the globe and small commercial around the globe. That is on-track. We have been planting the seeds for that and placing and building operations in targeted markets around the world that will feed that growth. We said cross-selling and that by really important cross-selling the strength in the organization, bringing more products to the distribution in North Americas fast middle market capabilities that we haven’t shut and that is happening. We are driving that and we can measure that, whether it is cyber insurance, environment liabilities, specialty casualty, international coverages for middle market companies, we are seeing that. We can measure that. And on the other side of coin, the governor in a little it for us is underwriting, because it’s a soft market with a lot of headwind and that’s what governs it the other way. Sometimes you get more joy through the effort, sometimes you get less, we stay steady.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, it was a positive reserve release, which speaks to strength of our reserves. Our prior period reserve development has variability, it varies by quarter. It depends on the reserve studies that we do in the quarter and which we do, we study all major lines through the year and quarter-to-quarter though this variability depends on what you did study. Again our reserves are strong, the first quarter I will remind you was essentially flat with prior year, I think it was down $10 million or $15 million bucks. I can’t predict the future, I don’t know future trends, frequency and severity versus the inputs we use to create our reserves in any given line of business. But again, what I’m very comfortable with this, our reserves are quite strong.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it can be. Yes, we studied it every year and/or more than once a year, we look at what we put away for future claim development. And so like any other reserve, we study that and this quarter, the actual projected and what we have seen as trend versus what we are holding reserve, resulted in the release. I can tell you, last year when we did second quarter review, we also had a reserve release then on unallocated loss adjustments expense. But I can’t predict the future of that, it’s not like well, it’s just as, you are going to harvest a reserve release in UA area, you don’t know that, you can’t project it.
Evan Greenberg: We have seen the same thing that is slowed, we read the same headlines you read and we see that out there. We haven’t noticed it, particularly in our casualty loss costs development. Though, I can say that in general casualty in particular reserve releases have come from trends lower than we projected, so that is a fact. On the other hand, when you look at litigation related to directors and officers, there is no improvement in that area, and in fact frequency and severity have worsened. The article that you read refer to general litigation of nuisance suits and others in that where Americans would freely reach for a legal remedy to any misfortune that came to them, that there is a decline in that. That you don’t see in directors and officers.
Evan Greenberg: You want to get me in trouble. Don’t you? My views remain as they were. For our country and for our economy to reach its full potential which it is not right now. We need tax reform, we need infrastructure, the state of infrastructure in our country is shameful, and is a competitive disadvantage and we are somehow lackadaisical about that. I can tell you, I travel around the world, you go to China, you go to other countries that are growing near economies and will grow their economies more rapidly than us, their infrastructure is far superior and that is a tax on us. Regulation, deregulating is so important. An awful lot of this requires legislation and we need an administration that is focused, that is working with Congress and we need a Congress that comes together to address these issues of our country. There is just no doubt about it. When it comes to trade, I stand firm, our country has benefited substantially, in particular NAFTA and it is a competitive advantage to our country. And that agreement is up for negotiations right now to modernize it. And I’m hopeful and I believe there are so many in the administration who understand it that it is important for us to modernize it and to recognize the benefit to our citizens that all three countries gain parties to NAFTA from NAFTA. It makes a competitive North America in a global marketplace.
Evan Greenberg: Absolutely Ian. Look, I would say this. What we saw in pricing? I don’t if one robin and makes a spring. So I can’t tell, number one. Number two, but look, I recognize it for what it is and its better than we have seen on our book in a number of quarters, number one. Number two, it was on our book of business. And the business were not writing new or that we are losing. I said it in the commentary, I’m going to underline, we are not losing for a couple of points. So it is a hungry market out there. When we look at terms and conditions, we lose for terms and conditions that we find, it will go across the board that make us shake our heads that are just final irresponsible or dumb. And so we see the market continuing. On the other hand, we do even see in the market generally pricing in a number of classes bottoming. But it’s at a level that absolutely will not earn and underwriting profit.
Evan Greenberg: Okay. but be careful, don’t witch cast here, because I’m not sure you are seeing it. I don’t see exposure growth improving. I see it flat and in some cases down actually than what we saw say a year ago. I think the economy is solid, but I don’t think it’s exciting, just kind of taking a long. The way to think about that is, there is an element and it varies by line of business. Exposure growth for instance in personal lines, a portion of the exposure growth just subsidize rate and a portion of the exposure growth is truly just a one-for-one trade-off. In commercial lines, it’s a mix also. To be able to tease that out to you and give you a rule of thumb or point estimate, I can’t do it, but you are correct about the elements.
Evan Greenberg: You know it depends, tell us the currency, give us the basket and we will have a better idea, but it’s bouncing around.
Evan Greenberg: Change is coming. I listen to a lot of loud talk these days, that I tried to say in my commentary, we are doing an awful lot, but we are going about it quite right. I think this helps better speak than a lot loud chatter. And I do think some of the talk is ahead of the reality at the moment. But with that said, change is coming. And we are not alone as in terms of carriers improving their capabilities, because of what technology brings that will lead that change. It’s around data, it’s around straight through process, it’s around data that improves the customer experience, while at the same time improving your ability to select risk and to do it quickly i.e. in seconds and to be able to then straight through process business. It’s claims on the other end, almost certain co-boarded claims that can be settled the same way. These capabilities will improve the intermediary ability to sell and service the business at a lower cost, to take that cost out it will speed the process. But at the same time those same capabilities will be delivered through new clients at the intermediary, dot-com type intermediaries, where potential customers are buying other services and products and its natural that it at that time they consider insurance, you are licensing your business your small business, you are setting up the accounting and financing of your small business. It’s a time that you will consider insurance as an example, there will be many like that. You taking out a loan for your business and technology enables those other forms of distribution. The customer will buy it from a desktop, the customer will buy it from a mobile device, they will buy it any time anywhere and they will service it anytime anywhere. This is not futuristic in the sense of measuring it in years from now. It’s on our door step, this is the next two years or shorter, it will be iterative, it will only get better and better and better. There won’t be one winner, there will be a number of them.
Evan Greenberg: Well you know maybe I can see single source distribution with other financial services, I can see those who offer multiple choice, for those who simply want to shop insurance. I’m agnostic, I don’t see any one of them as winners, I see multiple winners, because I don’t think there is one kind of consumer out there, one kind of buying behavior out there and I think there are going to be other compelling options who are you to use in terms of buying that you haven’t had as a choice now to-date. That’s what I say.
Evan Greenberg: Well. I’m just trying to add it up before I give you a complete answer, because everything has been coming down. Casualty is down, risk property is down, cat has been down. The mix is probably pretty steady, maybe it’s biases a little more towards the risk lines than the cat lines.
Evan Greenberg: We don’t have a run-off division, that we sort of put things we don’t like. This is the Brandywine run-off. And also Chubb had as well run-off A&E. And we study the loan, what we call LTE other than, it’s other than asbestoses environmental which are third and fourth quarter. This is the other lines that would be like sexual molestation, et cetera, and it’s a run-off of that and that’s where charge was taken.
