Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: So just one question, you mentioned the reinsurance expense ratio, so taking out casualty business out or that comp business out and thinking about some of the structure transactions you’re talking about, I mean is this where you expect the expense ratio to kind of normalize or do you expect to replace a net equivalent contract on – into the comp when it didn’t renew to get that back down? Thanks.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it. So as we expect the mix of business to more likely approximate what you have now versus that then just given – I’m just trying to figure out like if this is the way…
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Got it, thanks. And then taking the other side, thinking about the businesses that seed into the reinsurance market, how are you sort of leveraging what’s taking place there, and where should we begin to see sort of example for that? Thanks
Evan Greenberg: Number one, we don’t expect to replace that contract but the portfolio composition this quarter is different than the portfolio composition you will typically see in the first and second quarter which – by the quarters when we write most of the volume. And I think the expense ratio you see in the first two quarters is closer to what you would see going forward. It’s a mix of business class and most of the business written in the first and second.
Evan Greenberg: The third and fourth quarter are the lighter quarters for premium volume, you can’t really – and it depends on the composition of the portfolio, we’re in a competitive reinsurance environment and I can’t tell you with specificity how much cap we’re going to write versus risk property, quote a share versus excess of loss and global versus simply domestic treaty business. It will vary depending on where we see the opportunity to make some underwriting profit.
Evan Greenberg: Well I don’t know that you will see examples of that and we’re major buyers of reinsurance as you loan out. We buy it to protect for both, capacity limits greater than we can manage on our balance sheet, retain on our balance sheet, and we also buy reinsurance for volatility and to help spread volatility. We are good buyers of reinsurance, we’re professional at it just like we are on the front end underwriting, and so we will take advantage of what the market has to offer.
Evan Greenberg: There are other factors and the business is a bit seasonal, different businesses have a greater weight depending on the quarter that you’re in. And we have been growing at around 7% year-to-date on average, the third quarter was a bit lighter, and the only thing we were signaling was that we expected modestly stronger growth in the fourth quarter from everything we know.
Evan Greenberg: Correct. We pegged what we think is the run rate for the year. If we thought that run rate was up we would have – as we did last year, we would have adjusted our combined ratio. But we think as premium earns and this is the proper pegged combined. And we considered – we have reasonably good models, you never know what certainty until the crop is actually harvested, but we know by state, our exposures, we know our crop mix by state, we know our deductible levels by state, and we consider all that in addition to commodity price movements and that’s what all goes into the thinking as we settle on what we think is the combined ratio that reflects the year’s performance, what will be the year’s performance. And by the way we also consider all our protections, reinsurance and commodity hedges.
Evan Greenberg: Well, if we are correct in our estimate and we – as I sit here today and we made that estimate a couple of weeks ago but as I sit here I feel just as good about it. It means that the fourth quarter would be materially better than fourth quarter last year.
Evan Greenberg: Kai, a couple of comments I will make about that. As I said in recent calls, depending on the class of business I think the level of rate increases are either not keeping pace with loss cost or barely keeping pace with loss cost. There are a few that are ahead of loss cost and that overtime naturally you look at the kind of combined ratios we’re producing, naturally overtime I would expect the combined ratios to rise, that’s not – again, that’s just natural. Beyond rate and loss cost it’s really about risk selection and portfolio management. And so product mix that is in other tool that you have to help mitigate margin deterioration, and we practice that rigorously.
Evan Greenberg: Makes sense to you? And then the other comment I’d make is look, we’re in the risk business and there is also at the same time there is volatility and losses quarter-to-quarter and that will bounce around, for instance this quarter we had – we’re not out there trying to pound our chest about it, there were greater individual large losses in the short tail business, particularly in energy and aviation, and that impacted the current accident year a bit, but to me it meaning that it was losses outside or normal peg loss ratio and so we recognized those losses in the quarter. But that’s just normal noise in the insurance business where a current accident year is just not a straight line.
Evan Greenberg: First of all we are on track to complete our program which is to repurchase up to $1.5 billion, I believe we have repeated that continuously. Secondly, when our board meets in November and when we review – finish reviewing our plans for the year, for the coming year, we look out at opportunities as we view them in the landscape then that’s how we think in totality about our required needs for capital and capital management at that time, and so as part of that we will consider all capital management tools available including share repurchase, and if we anticipate that that will be a tool that we employ for the 2015 year, we will alert the investing community to that fact as we did last year in due course.
Evan Greenberg: I don’t know what wood chop really means, and I don’t know about underperforming countries, I don’t recall speaking about underperforming countries and I don’t even relate to that. I don’t know about underperforming countries.
Evan Greenberg: Vinay, again, I don’t relate to the comment about countries at all but as far as portfolio management goes which is line of business and its line of business by cohort of insured by territory, by country, that is a constant work in progress. I mean it’s iterative to constantly gain more insights into where are you making money, where are you not in cohorts of risk. And where can you improve your insights on predicting future loss behavior of individual cohorts of risk and that’s a constant work in progress as well, and that helps to – that plus market conditions help to define how your mix of business changes overtime and it will change naturally if you have clear underwriting insight and you know your minds, and you’re constantly working to improve that, and your distribution capabilities and your product innovation help to keep you relevant within the marketplace, then market conditions will then dictate how successful you’d be at each of those efforts and that dictates what is really a dynamic kind of movement in the mix of your business overtime, and helps to meliorate [ph] what is natural grabbing that pulls on combined ratios as rates go one way and loss cost go another.
Evan Greenberg: You know the market is a chaotic place and everybody wants to always put at it a very neat statement, I know you want one and I struggle to give you one. Look, the market is growing more competitive and there are some ends to the market that are behaving in a more ferocious way, reinsurance is an example. And then there are ends of the market like little and small commercial that are behaving in a far more orderly way, and you have every gradation in between, and it varies very much by country and even within large countries, territory, and by line of business and different competitors have a different capability in different territories and behave differently. So the marketplace is dynamic that way, what I would say different than the past, it’s more global, and so you do see some uniform trends at 50,000 feet that where the world is behaving more in locked step because there are major underwriting centers that can move their capacity around the globe rather quickly and that is different than in the past. On the other hand, I do see company’s ability particularly large companies with the analytics and that data they have they are able to do a better job of discipline but at the same time they are always lot of smaller and mid-sized players who are just – they are gunning run and they come in, and they have a way of disrupting market. So you’ve got all that going on right now but the fact is, we’re moving into a softer market.
Evan Greenberg: John Keogh and I just spent some good time with the Itaú and ACE people in the last two weeks on the granular detail related to implementation and integration, and I can tell you that we are as impressed or more impressed with the leadership, the people, with the culture, with the response of both, the ACE underwriters and team that is a great team in Brazil. And the Itaú team and the positive feeling among both about how one and one is going to equal three here, their insights and their capabilities are simply going to make us better.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks Evan.
Evan Greenberg: Look I think M&A activity will increase, particularly around companies that will find it more difficult in this environment to continue with the strategy that has served them in the past and I think there will be more pressure that it holds on performance and as pressure builds on performance that generally is a catalyst for greater M&A activity, I think that’s on the sell side. I think on the buy side typically what happens is there is inflation and what people will pay for properties because it’s just a more competitive environment, others will see no other way of getting their growth or actually keeping themselves from shrinking or margins deteriorating and they see this as their only option, so that hunger builds. So I expect you will see more M&A activity as time goes on, I expect you will see more of a seeding [ph] friendly what comes market. So as we’ve always said, for ACE it’s pretty simple, we have a strategy that we are pursuing for organic growth, if an acquisition comes along, we’ll compliment what we are already doing on an organic basis, and if the returns are favorable for our shareholders, we will pull the trigger, if not, we’re very happy to sit on the sideway.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, look the demand for cyber is obviously growing quickly and that’s very good, and it’s among small companies to large companies, all sizes, and ACE is an active participant in the cyber insurance market. I think the question right now, particularly for larger target type risks is the kind of pricing, and the price reflects the actual exposure. And I think in smaller and medium size risks, as the market evolves in many classes, I think that looks – I think pricing is looking reasonable. I think on the larger accounts, that’s the question, so I think there is an appetite to provide the coverage, can you get paid for it.
Evan Greenberg: I’m sorry because I didn’t say 4% growth in our professional lines, I said two things. I said I only refer to pricing and so in the large account I said we got rate of about 1.4%, on an average that goes between ENO & DNO [ph] and not-for-profit and then in the smaller risk, medium-sized risk in wholesale market business we got 4% rate.
Evan Greenberg: [Indiscernible] I think we continue to make good progress in that area, I’m pleased with the progress. It’s – we grew 9.5% in the quarter that makes about – that makes the right sense to us, I think there is a good balance between underwriting, our marketing and sales, and customer service, and portfolio insight and management, so we can constantly fine-tune our exposure and our view about pricing depending on the line of the coverage that we’re providing. I think our reputation for service and for consistency is excellent, we run the surveys among our agents and brokers and among our customers, our retention rates are very, very high which speaks very good – obviously if customers aren’t happy they are going to vote with their feet, so I think it speaks to good customer satisfaction, good reputation that way and we’re speaking to [indiscernible]. We’re very focused on the high net worth and to some degree the mass affluent, and we’re not kind of straying away from that, we know the risk profile, and it’s consistent with our vision from the beginning and that’s the brand we’re building. And remember, it takes years to do anything really well and create a great franchise in our industry.
Evan Greenberg: Sure. No, this acquisition is only focused on – is only large commercial but ACE – our business in Brazil, we’ve been there for many, many year’s and our business in Brazil is a mix of large commercial, a very large portfolio of accidental health business, personal accident, and small commercial, medium-sized commercial, and some limited personal lines, more in the high net worth area that we’re incubating there. This acquisition will not directly help us pursue those other channels of growth but what they do, it gives us a bigger image and profile in the country, it gives us greater attention of broad distribution in the country and so it will have a hallow effect that if we execute right we’ll lend a benefit to those other lines of business.Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Evan Greenberg: Tom, the new government in India is a welcomed statement of change in direction by the electorate in India, the largest democracy in the world; it is a more business friendly government. Their economic, and trade, and investment related policies, the words are the right words and the right language, and Modi has a history, a track record of supporting economic growth and fostering it. I’m hopeful that that will translate into legislation and action that will really help stimulate further growth – accelerate growth in India and I think it will. And for the insurance market, it may create greater opportunity, it may lift the ownership cap from 24% to 49%, ACE is not present as you know in India, we have – but we’re dynamic, we’re constantly probing and looking and if the environment is more favorable and we see the right opportunity and it makes sense to us, then we will take advantage of it and enter the Indian market. So it is on our radar screen, and there you go.
Evan Greenberg: Yes, we do need congressional action. We need congressional action to renew TRIA. And when you look at the risk of terrorism today, which is greater than the risk has been, I consider it irresponsible of Congress to keep TRIA as a question mark around the certainty of government backstop a protection that is bad for the economy, it is bad for business. Business thrives in an environment of greater certainty. Both houses know and both parties know what needs to be done to renew TRIA. The difference between them is not great, and the only thing they can take time for is campaigning rather than legislating to the benefit of our country, is shameful to me.
Evan Greenberg: Ian, good question. Chaotic market, so here it depends how you’re defining wholesale. When I was talking about the U.S., I was talking about our wholesale, ENS and specialty business which is the Westchester and Commercial Risk Services, and those both grew nicely and thereafter that middle market and small commercial, and yes, they have offices around the U.S. and they are dealing with the U.S. wholesalers, and their pricing help up better. On the other hand, I said our Lloyd’s operation shrank 6.5% and I said our ACE Bermuda operation which is large risk wholesale shrank 10%, and there pricing is more competitive.
Evan Greenberg: They haven’t gotten quite to it yet, it’s harder work. You got to have underwriters, the business is placed locally, it doesn’t just box itself up into one place. So you got to be present in Chicago, and L.A., and San Francisco, and Atlanta, and Boston, and New York; you got to have underwriters across a broad swath of lines of business and you got to really have the relationship. It’s flow business and trades move fast, and you got to have the confidence of the brokers, and not just – you know that’s not instant. By the way easier form to get access than primary, the best work on access [ph] than you do on primary, so a lot of those guys are doing better with the writing access and it will be actually on larger account business than the smaller account.
Evan Greenberg: Ian the annuitization and lapse rates, we study those on the portfolio and so we look at our actual experience versus our expected, and we’re just completing studies and reviewing them in that area for the year and we’re not seeing anything in aggregate that gives us concern that we’re not pegging them correctly. So those seem okay to us.
Evan Greenberg: Equity market are ahead of what we expected, interest rates are lower, and I also don’t believe that the ten year – word of volatile movement on interest rates right at the moment. And there has been a sort of risk off trade because there is the complex picture about economic and geopolitical at the moment, I don’t believe the ten year rate is going to remain where it is.
Evan Greenberg: What we have seen is certainly less utilization from an annuitization standpoint and lapse is, maybe marginally lower than we were expecting but net-net we don’t think that the experience is going to change our view.
Evan Greenberg: Thank you for asking me that question Jay. I can’t comment on what others are doing but I’ll comment a little bit about ACE. I read the press report, we all did, that in my mind attempts to sensationalize normal common-sense underwriting. Look, as underwriters we start with the facts to understand the risk exposures of our clients on a case-by-case basis. These exposures for example include the types of activities they are engaged in, the locations where they take place and the kind of safety protocols that they employ. We have many tools to manage price risk, we can offer full coverage, we can sublimit exposures, we can exclude the coverage altogether and we can vary the price we charge depending on the exposure we assume. The Ebola endorsement referenced in our U.S. global casualty unit is only one of many tools that are disposal and we’re using it selectively and on a case-by-case basis, it’s not being applied in some indiscriminate, unilateral or blanket way to address the Ebola risk. Does that kind of…Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, now that’s helpful. I wasn’t – that made it clear then what I have been reading about in the press. So that was helpful.
