Evan Greenberg: Well, there's no certainty guaranteed. But, our loss cost trend in casualty, when I look at it, has been reasonably steady over the year. And you'll say it inched up really more on mix of business than anything else when I look at the individual cohorts. That's the vast majority, and it's not a material change. So -- and we have a lot of visibility on loss cost. There are some pockets that have been more elevated over the last number of years. It's nothing new. We have spoken about it continuously. But overall, I think casualty loss cost tracks while they are elevated due to the external environment, as we understand it to be, is reasonably steady elevated. And so that's what gives me a lot of confidence about it.
Evan Greenberg: So we had disclosed, I think, on the last call, the drag by showing the difference in reported ROE. I would say it's up somewhat from there, just reflecting a combination of new S&P models and some other factors. But it's somewhat above -- modestly above what we reported last quarter.
Evan Greenberg: There was no connection in the reserve changes to the underwriting actions that I flagged in my commentary, and that was in the press release. And by the way, there was another question. So I've noticed was our loss ratio in the quarter impacted by those changes.  No. I'll remind everyone loss ratio is based on earned premium, not written premium. And so any benefit we might see, which is very, very modest. Look at the size of our commercial business. We're talking about premium impact of $125 million. So you think of the loss ratio impact from it, very minor, but still it contributes. And wherever you see something that is a price right, we're structured, right. It's axiomatic P&C. You address it.
Evan Greenberg: David, nice try. I don't give guidance as you know around any of that. The 7.5% is an interesting. You look at the growth rate prior to the fourth quarter action, it was more robust than that. And our thinking starts from there. And then you think about -- when you said about the rate action, yes, casualty was better. Property on the short-tail classes were therefore down a little bit, but I got strong double-digit growth in the property-related lines, rate and pricing, which is keeping pace with values. That's what that exposure changes. It's about keeping pace with values. And so it's a well-priced business and a well-priced book and you're getting rate on rate on rate. So of course, that's going to slow down but the underwriting environment for it and the rate to exposure, the risk reward is quite good. If you have the balance sheet and you have the ability to take on the exposure and the confidence as we do. I feel very good about North America as we go forward. So well underwritten business.
Evan Greenberg: No, nothing has changed in that regard. You go through different underwriting environment. And the loss cost that is earned in over the years. I look at the mix of business, I look at our data and insight as the company has grown. And frankly, I just say all the loss reserve studies we do and then independently reviewed by external actuaries and by auditors. And I look at the end result and the strength of it. And it's a very simple statement to make. When I look back and track it over years that our reserves are as strong and as robust as we have ever seen.
Evan Greenberg: Sure, Greg. If you look back over time, some of the things that I have said, and I'm going to repeat them because I think they maybe to some degree for some people to go in one ear and out the other, and then there are moments where it really sticks. When you look at the external litigation environment, the target, first and foremost, is corporate America. Not small business, not midsized business, but larger business. There's a general attitude among segments of the population against corporations. Trial bar like Willy Sutton, if they're going to ask them, "Why do you rob banks?" he said, because that's where the money is. And so they go after large corporations. Number two.  Number three, we know there has been a trend of increased frequency of severity which hits both primary but excess casualty. Nothing new, I've been talking about it for quite some time. And then there's a lot of visibility that particularly acute in exposure that has wheels, anything with wheels. It could be logistics companies, trucking, companies anybody who's got fleet and the larger the vehicles in the fleet, the more of a target, it is and has been. That's what you're -- that story has continued. And there's been inflation in both frequency and severity in that, nothing new. And that is the theme in large accounts. And it's pretty focused and directed. It doesn't mean balance of casualty doesn't have elevated loss cost, which has been, I just addressed, which has had a lot of visibility and is steady. But it has been more acute in isolated segments.
Evan Greenberg: Oh my God, no. You're overthinking. No. And this is -- you look at the actions that we just flagged, half of it is exposure change and half of it is additional written premium that we lost. Since then, by the way, the market is beginning to catch up at similar actions and no impact to the franchise. It's not like we're wholesale underwriting our book of business. So a very large, very healthy book of business.
Evan Greenberg: No, I just editorialize that that's why it gave you an amount of money and told you how it was it just a fraction.
Evan Greenberg: I think it is radar adequacy is strong. Quite strong. I'm not going to go into any more detail other than to say that and we triangulate it numerous ways, but it's quite strong. From everything we know, all the models and the balance of input and our analysis of the portfolio, hikes of occupancies, geographies it's in, perils it's exposed to, you add it all up. We feel very good about that book of business. If you want to know more, you're going to have to join the company. That was a joke, Ryan.
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's -- I'm not going to give you a dollar amount or a data point that way, except that directionally, we are writing more business on E&S. It is growing at a rapid clip. It will continue to. Our preference is always to offer our customer first admitted, but where the states and regulation don't allow us to tailor coverage for those who were exposed in a more outsized way to catastrophes. Remember, affluent people want to live in beautiful places that are right on the edge of civilization in nature, and its more CAT-exposed and where we can't tailor coverage in line with exposure, we'll use it and price it adequately. We use the E&S. And that's what we're doing. But again, I think that -- and I wish it was more flexibility within regulation, within jurisdictions so that we could serve this customer base on an admitted basis versus be forced to E&S to give them what they need and that they want to buy.
Evan Greenberg: But there's a difference. In agriculture, we have a ton of data. We have a couple of very fundamental advantages. Number one, we can select risk. And so we can determine -- we have to take all commerce. So we can determine what risk to retain and which risk to share with the government. And that's what helps you with this election is what helps you in managing to price adequacy. And the second thing, we have scale. And you only get reimbursed so much of their expenses out of the government program because of our scale and our technology and automation, we operate efficiently. So we limit any expense-related exposure to the company. And that allows us to operate on a favorable risk.
Evan Greenberg: Well, it's customer friendly. And I think just from a customer point of view, they just feel it's easier to place with us. You don't go through -- you have to go through more administrative process to place it on E&S. Remember, there are -- you can't just jump to E&S, you have to be able to leap through admitted market hurdles to get to E&S. And it's simpler and I think for them, from their own point of view, it's more comfortable. Now to keep it in perspective, the vast, vast majority of our portfolio is admitted. And then it's on the margin right now that it is not admitted. But my point is I don't like the trend. More will go on non-admitted climate change continues and states take the wrong action to try to cover up price and deflect price signals and ability to risk share with people who -- out of the well and choose to live in places that are more exposed. And I think there would be more flexibility and recognition of that consumer base and their needs and their desires and not force them to go through all they have to go through to place on [indiscernible].
Evan Greenberg: Yes. It's -- first of all, let's not think of it as book. It's an asset management business, that $100 billion. We have an asset management company that does retail, does mutual fund and very large institutional money management including state pension money. The vast majority of it is fixed income. We underwrite the credit exposure extremely carefully, you don't chase yield. We do it in a conservative way the way we've been fiduciary managers of our policyholders' money. It's how we treat investors' money. And China is a lower interest rate environment now. Equity market with a lot of volatility, not a lot of confidence in the economic short-term, medium-term future among business and consumer. So it's not the best time to be managing and trying to grow an asset management business. But all of our thinking and plans of that in mind and like everything else, it's a moment in time when the country returns to more rapid growth, when confidence begins to come back because government addresses and manages sentiment and the economy a bit differently than they are today, which I think, over time, they'll be forced to. This is a great franchise to have. And by the way, if you look at its rankings, it's outstanding performance rankings in the marketplace, for its collapse of fixed income. And secondly, in its size relative to other asset managers in China. It's actually -- it's in that upper midsize category. It's a pretty cool asset.
Evan Greenberg: No. We're not going to unpack it between frequency and severity. It's running very steady. We recognize a higher medical loss trend. We adjusted for that and disclose that a quarter or two ago. Workers' comp is behaving in a very steady way.
Evan Greenberg: Well, I don't think the geopolitical risk for Europe and our business in the EU. I don't think they have a political risk, geopolitical risk exposure any greater fundamentally than we do in the United States. And so if you're concerned for Europe in a significant way, then you better be concerned right here at home in America. When I get to Asia, I don't believe that the United States and China are going to war. And I think all sides seek a stability. And so while there is OEs tail risk, in Asia related to North Korea, related to Taiwan, in particular, I think it's more risk at this moment around someone making a mistake. By the way, I'm going to leave you with this. The mental model, if there is a conflict in Taiwan, where there is a conflict to do with North Korea, it is hard to believe it will confine itself to a small geography. We then have a major global issue. And I think those were in leadership position on all sides are acutely aware of us and they too, care about their children and their grandchildren.
Evan Greenberg: No, there was no true-up current accident year true-up that distorted the quarter whatsoever. It's steady. And the improvement is a combination of change of mix of business, which, frankly, at least, I would think you'd notice that everywhere because it's the more property levered portfolios are lower that current accident year. Ex-CAT is going to become number one. And then number two, beyond mix, it's rate in excess of loss cost across most of the business earning its way through.
Evan Greenberg: Huatai had a premium benefit in the quarter. We didn't disclose it. We disclosed it last quarter and said from here, it's just in there. It was from memory, it's just a couple of points. We'll take it offline with you, but it wasn't -- we'll have more color in the 10-K MD&A on a couple of lines.
Evan Greenberg: No. getting enough rate is -- that's what we have to do. But that doesn't solve the problem for American trucking, which we need a healthy trucking industry. And you certainly want to take the inflation out of shipping rates. And this all contributes, you end up paying for it. It's really a state-by-state solution, and that -- how they -- the amount of awards that are handed out. And by the way, look at simple laws like, who is responsible in a liability event and how it varies by state. There are states where you may have 1% responsibility. And you're the deep pocket, and you are allocated 100% of the cost. There are states that -- where there's a comparative negligence, both parties are at fault and look at how it varies, how they determine who is ultimately adjudicated to pay for the cost. When you look at those right there, you can see a part of the problem that is occurring. Particularly where trucking company is 1% or considered 2% at fault. Again, they're adjudicated 100% of the payment suffering and injury of that individual. That's a state-by-state problem. Look at litigation funding and look at what -- how many states require that you simply disclose who's funding the lawsuit. Because that has an impact on how injury will then view the injured party. They always march out the most sympathetic individual but is it all about sympathy to the individual? Or are they used as a prop to actually get a big payday for somebody who's funding the lawsuit. That's a state by state. And if you were looking for a federal solution, my God, we can't even agree on a budget and we can address the deficit or entitlement spending. Morgan would address this when the trial bar is funding half of Congress.
Evan Greenberg: No. I don't have an expectation. I think when all of a lot of that naive hungry capital that is trying to make some money for themselves at the expense of the balance sheets that are funding it, when that all gets tired and loss cost catch-up, which is not far off with the level of pricing being charged, then there'll be an adjustment and Chubb is there, and we're a large writer of the business. And I don't know any boardroom where they wouldn't rather have Chubb all things being equal, handling their D&O. And by the way, another problem that's brewing as you look at the number of mouths to feed that get on a D&O tower right now. And as the losses come, good look, in many instances, I wish the brokers well in collecting from each of those players who now have remarks, because they wrote the business and now they have to pay the claims and they're losing money. But all that happens, we're just -- this is the business. There are pockets of the business that are done at times, and it's just one of those moments fine. We've got plenty else to do.
