Philip V. Bancroft: Thanks, Evan. Tangible book value grew 2.1% for the quarter and our cash and invested assets grew $1.3 billion to $62.2 billion. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $913 million. Net realized and unrealized gains for the quarter were $112 million after tax and included $121 million realized gain from our variable annuity reinsurance portfolio. Investment income for the quarter included $14 million of higher-than-expected private equity and other distributions. Current new money rates are 2.3% if we invested in a similar distribution to our existing portfolio and our current book yield is 3.7%. We estimate that the current quarterly investment income run rate is approximately $515 million, which is subject to variability in portfolio rates, private equity distributions and FX. Our net loss reserves were down $60 million in the quarter on a constant dollar basis due to payments related to Sandy and last year's crop losses. Our paid-to-incurred ratio was 107% for the quarter. When we normalize the first quarter ratio for Sandy and crop loss payments, the ratio is 88%. Cat losses were $28 million after tax in the quarter and we had positive prior period development of $62 million after tax. The prior period development was split with 60% coming from short-tail lines and 40% from long tail. The long-tail development related principally to accident years 2007 and prior. Our underwriting income in the quarter included 2 partially offsetting one-time items, which netted to a positive $14 million benefit to underwriting. There was a pretax benefit of $29 million relating to a settlement of a workers' compensation class-action lawsuit in which ACE was a plaintiff and a $15 million expense adjustment going the other way. Our unusually low tax rate in the quarter was impacted by favorable adjustments to prior year tax accruals. Our tax rate also fluctuates based on where our earnings emerge. During the quarter, we issued $950 million of 10- and 30-year senior debt at an average cost of 3.4%. The proceeds will be used to redeem debt maturities in 2014 and 2015. During the quarter, we also repurchased $150 million of our shares. As you will see on our supplement, we plan to show North America in 2 segments: P&C and Agriculture. Our 10-Q presentation will be changed to reflect the new segments. Our press release issued last night included our updated guidance for 2013 to account for the positive first quarter prior period reserve development, lower-than-expected cap losses and also better-than-expected x cat current accident year results. Our range is $7.10 to $7.50 in after-tax operating income per share for the year. This includes cat losses of $330 million after tax for the second through fourth quarters. Guidance is for the balance of the year and is for the current accident year only. Before I turn it over to Helen, I'd like to address the subject of annual earnings guidance. Over the years, we provided 2 components to our guidance, operating earnings per share and an estimate for catastrophe losses. More recently, we've also provided you with an investment income run rate. After giving considerable thought to this subject, including a number of discussions with analysts and shareholders, we've decided that we will stop providing explicit operating EPS and catastrophe loss guidance after 2013. We believe that our disclosures are sufficiently detailed and clear. We will, however, continue to provide an investment income run rate that has sustained low interest rate environment in which we have strong positive cash flows, offset by an investment portfolio that is rolling into lower new money rates. We will continue to evaluate our disclosures as we go forward. Of course, we will remain open and accessible to you if you have questions or need clarifications. With that, I'll turn it over to Helen.
Philip V. Bancroft: Well, first, the debt was issued in the last 2 weeks of March, right, so we had very little debt expense relating to that in the quarter. We also had a reduction in some of the collateral that we hold and pay interest on with respect to our funded deductible programs so that dropped the interest a little bit. And then we had a deposit insurance contract that had an adjustment to interest and lowered interest expense a bit. So net-net, it was down a little bit.
Philip V. Bancroft: I would say the fourth quarter plus the new debt that was issued, offset, of course, by the investment income on the proceeds for the debt that we've retained to repay the debt, redeem the debt when it comes due in '14 and '15.
Philip V. Bancroft: I'm going to let Brian talk about it. But good luck figuring that out precisely because you have a couple of things going. You have a government reimbursement of expense and the timing of that, and then a lot of the profit and loss true-ups in formula. At the end of the day, whether it's government or agents or any of that stuff, it comes through that line. And Brian, do you want to...
Philip V. Bancroft: We wouldn't expect to do that. We've said for a long time that we take our risk on the liability side and we've got a conservative investment portfolio. We don't expect to take any significant additional risk. We would -- on the margin, tactical changes that we make to the portfolio. But we don't see any significant changes to our investment profile.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, I think you're making -- you're drawing 2 facts together that aren't directly linked. There is not -- whatever we're achieving in the rate gains is not driving our net retention increases or not -- our mix of business will drive it, number one. And secondly, in North America in the quarter, the gross is not up as much as the net is, and that drives it a little bit. There is a large transaction that will get reflected in the second quarter, wasn't reflected in the first quarter, it's a timing question. That drives a little bit of that. But overall, I don't see the rate changing and net retention, except on the margin, are linked together.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, that's retention of business. That's retention of business, and that is directly related. Sure. More business, number one, in -- you see growth in new business. And retention, more business is priced at a place that will earn a reasonable return to us, and we're retaining it. And the market is more disciplined in competing for it.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. It really -- I think it's by size of account, type of account and type of coverage that's being purchased where you're going to see more variability than it is necessarily related to the distribution.
Evan G. Greenberg: No. It's 200 points basis points better. And when you take out the one-time items and you strip out cats and prior periods, so the current accident year on that 200 basis point improvement was the mix of business that we had in the quarter that earned its way in. And it was our growth in earned premium on both. And that mix is product line and geography-related.
Evan G. Greenberg: I don't think so. When I look at our ROE over the period of time, frankly, our ROE was excellent. There is no such thing as just-in-time capital management, as we say. And opportunity, you can't -- it's opportunistic by its nature, opportunity. And so it comes at times in a lumpy way. And so part of strategy is being ready for what you don't know, then bad.
Evan G. Greenberg: Sure. On an ROE drag, I don't have an exact number in my head. The last time, we were about 1.7 points on the ROE. Right now, I think we're bouncing around 1.5 points.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, Jay. It is related to dilution that we say we buy back. We don't buy it back -- we don't match the periods exactly of when we experience dilution and when we buy back. We thought from an intrinsic value point of view, it's a good time to buy back stock and that's why we did it. As we go forward, we will periodically come into the market and buy back shares when we think it's attractive. But we don't have a set plan and a set amount that we're going to do on any quarterly basis.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. And then I might ask one of my colleagues to also pitch in. We've talked to you a long time about portfolio management. And as we have really worked on it for quite a long time and we think in advance of others, we were really taking action, and you'll know before the market turned, we were shedding business because we had pretty good insight into within any given line of business, the cohorts that were producing reasonable returns and those that weren't, just more granular portfolio management. That just continues to improve. It's an iterative process, continues to improve. And in a pricing environment like this, it has positioned us well because we can distinguish that which is better cohorts, better-priced from that which is more marginal even at the same or higher rates. And so our selection becomes better, more insightful, and the business we're writing is therefore producing a better margin within. And that's where we're getting the growth, more of our growth is coming from the higher-margin business.
Evan G. Greenberg: I'll ask John Lupica. He's out at RIMS, and so it's very early for him. But I'll see if he wants to embellish on that.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. It is early. It'll be lower. It'll be lower by a couple of hundred million bucks. It's both a combination of commodity price-driven because that's what goes into the base of determining premium performer per crop. And we bought -- around if we brought a modest amount of quota share reinsurance, and that will impact the net premium as well.
Evan G. Greenberg: It's very curious to me to a degree. I haven't seen a global market behave this way before, but every period is different. In the U.S., with investment income pressure and combined ratios rising, there's more -- the insurers respond to ROE pressure and lower ROEs with greater underwriting discipline. And the structure of the market is such that the larger players who have greater insight are one at a time, they know that they've got 2 sources of income and they are practicing greater underwriting. They've determined to practice greater underwriting discipline to address that. Internationally, there is a tremendous amount of surplus capital. The reinsurance market, by the way, is not following the insurance market. The reinsurance market is more competitive in my judgment. There is a tremendous amount of capital internationally and more capital that enters, whether it's in London or it is in the emerging markets as they grow wealth, more local companies are being formed that compete. And you're not seeing the same reaction to a lower interest rate environment of greater underwriting discipline. And it's as simple as that, and they're maintaining and more market share-driven.
Evan G. Greenberg: I think, look, there's always a great distribution around the mean. And if you couldn't outperform the mean, I could tell you I wouldn't have interest in being in this business. But when I look at it from the point of view of just that, it varies by territory. But I wouldn't -- you look at the U.K., you look at the continent, I would hardly be proud of overall market ROEs in those markets. When I look at Latin America and Asia, those are tough territories. You've got to really know what you're doing. And when you look at market returns in those territories, ROEs on underwriting results are not that much better. And in some markets, they're worse. And investment income can vary portfolio rates by territory.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes, understood. We have not changed our objective and target, which is a 15% ROE over cycle. That is exactly where we are. Whether it is pricing or interest rate cycle, our governor is always to earn on the underwriting side, a combined ratio in lines of business of over under 100%. And depending on the product and the territory, we set goals that are substantially below that. And then the investment income, we're not going to take undue risk. And it is mostly going to be in our invested asset, in fixed income portfolio with repeatable income. And when you add all that up, the ROE will be what it will be. And we think ACE will continue to produce a superior ROE to the industry. And our goal is to achieve that 15%, and we think in more normal times, we will. You might have seen in the shareholder letter, every base -- every 100 basis points of investment income is 2.5 points of ROE for us, and as things stand at the moment. And so if interest rates were up another, you get it. If they were up 100 or 200 basis points, we're behind -- we're ahead of that 15% number.
Evan G. Greenberg: Right. And you have to -- and I'm trying to give you the reasons to look behind that and understand what's driving it. And I think that's the -- at least in my judgment, those are more the markers to look at.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Reinsurance purchases on the margin, the change in reinsurance purchase, the net grows faster than the gross for 2 reasons. One, as I mentioned, there was a quite a large transaction that it's a timing question that will get booked in the second quarter, it wasn't booked in the first quarter. That has an impact, a substantial impact on the difference between gross and net. And the balance is really in mix of business, where we grew businesses that just had a higher net retention to them than the year before. And they are attractive classes to us. Our reinsurance purchases changed on the margin.
Evan G. Greenberg: The protection that we purchased, the additional protection from a balance of exposure and terms, we consider to be a favorable buy for ACE. And that's why we executed the transaction.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. I'm going to ask Sean to talk about loss trend. But more mix of business and growth in earned premium contributed to the increase in underwriting income. And to margin, more of the mix to lines of business, and within lines, cohorts that had a better combined profile than it is that we actually cohort-by-cohort lowered our pegs materially at all.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, acceptable. The current accident year is hardly running a 15% ROE. That's where I'd like to see us somewhere between that. Maybe a little less than that would be rational given interest rates. But I think that the ROE is still a little under pressure, but the combined ratio -- but that's because of investment income. And I think the combined ratios on the business are pretty good. And that's why if you add it, as I say, if you look at the illustration of what 100 basis points does on the investment side, that adds 2.5 points to your ROE. So you just take that with the combines we're running right now and you're approximately 15%, which is, I think, a good number. I think that the rate environment right now is -- with that in mind, I do see property kind of flattening out because of where pricing is right now. I do see casualty kind of bumping along at this level of increase. It's nothing overly exciting. It's hardly a hard market, but it's a rational response to the pressure that insurers are feeling. And I don't think it's going to be enough if the industry in aggregate at these levels of increase of rate to ameliorate the impact of investment income declines. So I think you're in a place for the industry overall where ROE may improve a little bit, but it's hardly double-digits.
Evan G. Greenberg: No. The decline in underwriting -- sorry, Paul. Last year, in the first quarter, you'll recall the '11 crop year was a bumper crop year. And so the true-up of profit and loss from the '11 year in the first quarter produced that very good income last year. This year, the true-up in the first quarter from the '12 crop year is the result you see. You're not getting benefit of -- you're not seeing like winter wheat or corn or soybeans from this year yet, that's all in front of you.
Evan G. Greenberg: Look, we're of the market, too, but we're highly rated. We don't write an outsized cat book, as you know. We are highly rated. We have years of reputation and experience in the business and with clients and cedents [ph]. And so I see a direct impact in terms of crowding us out of line size as minor. I see more capital coming into the market impacts the rate environment. And whether that means that we'll find business, more business unacceptably priced or not in the future, we'll see as we go forward in the year. Right now, I see it more on the margin.
Evan G. Greenberg: You got it. But remember, abnormal could actually be a very good thing for us, too, so it depends on which quarter and what we're looking at.
Evan G. Greenberg: Let me just add this to what you just asked, and that is that it's a buy and hold portfolio mostly. So any accretion that comes in the beginning from a realized gain -- an unrealized gain or the other way, an unrealized loss, will amortize its way over a couple of years. So it's an accounting versus an economic, and we don't hedge that.
Evan G. Greenberg: No, it does not. We measure terrorism-related risk, man-made events no differently than natural events. We are thoughtful about aggregations. We're thoughtful about pricing and the kinds of exposures. This is a risk that is real, and what an unfortunate event. And it just reminds us all that, that risk doesn't go away. And we've been underwriting it to the last -- since 2001 consistently, and with that in mind that there is a real risk. And so we again manage accumulations, pricing type of risk with that in mind. And with the -- it reminds us again, while this was a terribly unfortunate event, the destruction to property and the magnitude of the event overall was relatively modest compared to what you could imagine and particularly in settings of great concentration of values. And it reminds you again of the importance of TRIA, the government backstop, that comes up for renewal next year because that tail that the government provides a cover for that tail that allows insurers to more widely offer and underwrite terrorism-related exposures.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, Tom, from what I've looked at, the government, the budget for the most part, has been talking about -- that was put on the table -- and by the way, isn't really different than the proposal the administration put on the table last year, which didn't gain any traction in Congress. But it really -- the 2 broad elements were that the farmers themselves, the buyers of insurance, crop insurance, pay a greater share themselves. Right now, it's subsidized by the government, 60%. And then the other part of the proposal, as it relates to insurance, was to cut back the amount insurers are reimbursed for administrative expense. Those are the 2 main -- those are really the 2 main elements in the administration's proposal that again didn't gain a lot of traction with either party in Congress.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you see the growth -- well, I don't want to get too specific. You see that our growth in Asia and Latin America, in particular, those regions, that's where we see the most attractive environments from both an economic and an underwriting point of view across a broad swath of product and a broad range of customer. You see that we grew double-digits in Asia and double-digit in Latin America. And that's both in nonlife and in life. I would say, at this time, the world is a dynamic place. Those are the most attractive regions of the world for us. And we just concluded 2 acquisitions that we pretty much -- we haven't closed on the second one, it will take a couple of weeks. But 2 in Mexico that really significantly increase our exposure both in Latin America and Mexico, in particular. And we view that as a quite attractive country today. And what we see the government's actions in Mexico to improve economic growth and regulation will have -- should have a great benefit to the insurance marketplace in that country. And ACE has now positioned itself, I think, quite well to take advantage of that.
Evan G. Greenberg: It already is. We already have presence in a number of countries in Latin America in personal lines. And that is a focus of ours, though you have to be -- that's a glib statement, you have to be very careful. It's country-by-country and its kind of personal lines varies by country.
Evan G. Greenberg: We are already in the U.S. personal lines business in the high net worth market, which our profile as a company, fits that segment of the market, and that's where we will remain.
Evan G. Greenberg: Yes. Ian, there were 2 items this quarter that don't really bode towards trend. Last year, we had some one-time items in the life insurance business internationally that was a benefit that didn't repeat this year. And secondly, combined is in 2 places. Combined had very good earnings, but combined is in 2 places. It's in ACE International, or AOG, it's in ACE Overseas General, for the international part of combined. And the U.S. part of combined, which is on life company paper, is in the Life segment. While the international portion grew in income, the U.S. portion went down in income. It's not a run rate question or any of that, some of the prior period development last year was in the U.S. combined. Those 2 together is most of it. The underlying trend that does continue quarter-on-quarter is a decrease in the VA exposure as that runs off. That was a modest amount of the income difference this quarter.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, you've got to be careful about it. First of all, is it on an indemnity basis? Or is it on a parametric basis? And so -- are you getting the same protection? When it's collateralized, that's not a bad thing because you're holding the money, you're not chasing it. But the biggest issue, it does have a place and has a place, particularly for a company like ACE, against traditional reinsurance. Traditional reinsurance though gives you reinstatements. And generally, capital market solutions do not provide you a reinstatement. So there are differences. And so it's one shot and you're done. And where that fits within your program, it has an important place, but it doesn't simply replace traditional reinsurance.
Evan G. Greenberg: I didn't subscribe -- I haven't subscribed to that it has long odds of renewal. It's hard to imagine that based on a standard of rationality that things get done in Washington. However, I think from any rational point of view, TRIA is really a no-brainer to renew. It provides a backstop of certainty that allows businesses to continue on. It's not a benefit to the insurance industry, it's a benefit to business overall. Because if there wasn't TRIA, you wouldn't see much terrorism insurance sold.
Evan G. Greenberg: Well, what you'd see -- look, and I hate to forecast, but the rational response would be you only take risk to the extent you're comfortable with the net exposure on your balance sheet or the limited amount of reinsurance you can buy in the traditional reinsurance market. And that will be based on what they're comfortable just simply holding on their balance sheet. And that tail grows very quickly when you think of concentrations of economic exposure in a geographic area.
