John Wren: Sure. Let me first talk about ICON. ICON was very low-margin business, for sure, and it was a very large business. We purchased ICON in 2000, and it grew rather nicely for the first 10 years or 15 years. And then for the last several years, it’s actually -- it hasn’t declined, but it hasn’t grown. And when you take a large number with no growth, it mutes the growth of the rest of the organization. And the margins are such that we more than make it up for it in our pursuit of more profit and EBIT, and we’ve taken all that into consideration. It took quite a long time to take a decision, but we finally did. And the most important aspect because we can cover the profits, it was a low-margin business, is that we’re substantially complete with the exercise that we started three or four years ago of scrutinizing the portfolio and ridding ourselves of legacy companies that weren’t going to contribute to our long-term growth. So we’re very happy with the decision and that’s where that stands. I’ll do a quick thing on margins and then Phil can add to both of my comments. With respect to margins, we’ve said all along that we think 2019 is really the benchmark that we’re going to look at and then start to plan some growth from. Last year, you had the disruption of COVID in every single office around the company. You had the restructuring charges we had to take and you had government subsidies in certain instances, but they certainly didn’t cover the costs that we incurred. We will get efficiencies for certain out of the real estate actions that we took and the agile workforce and hybrid workforce that will be impacted as we come back to work. But against that what you have is you have some inflation in terms of wages and the resurgence of some of the addressable spend that when people weren’t permitted to get on airplanes and visit offices, they will be hopefully in the near-term. I know I’ve been able to travel, but principally because of my position I’ve been able to go wherever I want, but most people can’t do that.  So, Phil, you might want to add on both points.
John Wren: And my final comment on this is, obviously, there are challenges as you reopen, but there’s a renewed energy, which I think is going to contribute to both the top line and consistently to the bottom line.
John Wren: I think the delta variant is because of the headlines, it’s somewhat an unknown, and we can’t predict illness. One of the things that gives me some comfort is that when you get past the headlines and you read the people that have been impacted, it’s people who haven’t been vaccinated, received only one shot of the two-shot protocol, and/or who already have an existing health problem of one form or another and had put themselves in a risky situation. We’re starting to bring back the vaccinated people that we have in earnest after Labor Day, and I think people are encouraged to go back to the office.  So yes, there’s hesitancy on the part of everyone because we don’t know -- we can’t predict the future, but we do know that we’ve lived through a hell of a past and we’ve done it successfully, so that gives us confidence.  And the other thing, which will be temporary, I think, is there’s going to be certain industries where we’re already seeing some concern about the adjustments that have had to be made to certain clients’ supply lines and certain components that they need and delay in receiving them, but we see that as a temporary issue, as do most of our clients, at least the ones that I’ve been speaking to. 
John Wren: Just having said that, kind of on a humorous note, prior to getting on the call this morning we saw the treasuries today were 1.16, and Phil and I were just ruminating - dammit, we don’t need any more money, because it’s so cheap. 
John Wren: There’s a couple of area that I’m very optimistic about. I’m optimistic about our precision marketing group, very optimistic about our media operations and some of the changes we made there. I am optimistic that our experiential business, which has suffered dearly during COVID but has returned in places like China, will come back, and when it does, it will contribute to our growth significantly. And healthcare continues, and I think especially coming out of things like COVID and especially people who have issues being more exposed than otherwise healthy people, I think is a commitment that every person on the planet is going to be over--you know, is going to be really focused on, so I think we’re in some great places.  With all the confusion and noise and various media that you can reach out to, I cannot understate our creativity. I can’t understate how it’s in every component of our business and it’s always been since the foundation by two creative leaders of Omnicom 30 years ago. It’s not something that you can add to a technology-based company or add to an account service type of company. Creative is a philosophy, it’s not an individual, so I think I’m very bullish across the board about the things that we’re able to do.
John Wren: Yes, and this last part I can’t overstate for you enough - in the month of July, since I was the one who could travel internationally most freely, I completed two transactions myself, which haven’t yet closed but will close in the coming weeks and months, and our M&A groups are really beefed up and we’re looking at quite a number of--it’s almost back to the early 2000s in term of the number of companies we’re actually looking at.  Share buybacks will come back for certain, but I have some immediate needs within the next 90 days for Phil to fulfill.
Philip Angelastro: I would echo what John said. I think as far as margins, certainly going forward, we think 2019 is the right baseline. We do expect or did expect that the first half certainly of 2020 would be a little easier given the remote workforce impact on both the addressable spend that John just touched on and not having as many people back in the office reduces some of the operating cost associated with running those offices when people are back. Some of that is going to come back.  We’re going to welcome a bunch of cost back when we’re in growth mode, like we are now. The challenge is going to be continuing to be disciplined about controlling those costs. So, I think the goal was - is certainly do a bit better than 2019, but 2019 is really the baseline for the business going forward and then striving to do better than it.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I don’t think there’s much to add. I think certainly from a capital allocation strategy perspective, we don’t expect to change anything other than our goal is to spend more of our free cash flow on acquisitions in the areas that we think the opportunities for growth are the highest, and we’re going to be a little more active, as we’ve indicated the last few calls, in pursuing those potential deals. 
Philip Angelastro: I don’t think you should expect much difference in the second half of 2021 relative to what we’ve done in prior second halves, Q3, Q4. I don’t think we expect anything to dramatically change, but I think if things progress as we expect and the business continues to grow and we don’t have any setbacks from the outside that we can’t control in terms of these COVID variants, which we don’t expect currently, certainly 2022 I would expect that we’ll be back to more normalized levels from a buyback perspective.  Again, if we can do more, find more and close more acquisitions, we will adjust the share buyback number accordingly. 
Philip Angelastro: Sure. In terms of ICON, I think your ballpark for 2020 is certainly within the range in terms of size. I don’t have a ’19 number--
Philip Angelastro: Yes, ’19 is really kind of irrelevant at this point. As far as margins go, I think that’s probably somewhat in the same neighborhood as well. When it comes to media, we’ve been through this before. We don’t break out media because it’s integrated within all our businesses and all our disciplines, so we don’t intend to break out the specific numbers because that’s not how we look at it.
