John Wren: Alexia, in terms of the color or our outperformance this quarter versus same quarters prior years is the marketplace is changing all the time, it's changing in a number of ways. The competition set is pretty much what competition set was. Last year -- at the end of last year, we were able to -- we had a very good run in the third quarter in terms of new business. So we're seeing some of that reflected in the performance of the first quarter, and you will see it throughout the rest of the balance of this year, that's probably the biggest single component. The other thing as you know is organic growth for the net of what to win, how your clients grow or decline and what you lose. And we've been fortunate of late not to have the leaky bucket syndrome. So I'm pretty optimistic.
John Wren: And the final answer to your question, if I or my team felt threatened in any way, we would look for the appropriate acquisitions to complete our offerings to our clients. I simply don't feel that way right now.
John Wren: I don't know if Phil can but I know I can. We don't really look at it that way or attempt to look at it that way unfortunately in terms of having a specific answer for your question.
John Wren: I think we have time -- given the markets are about to open, I think we have time for one more question.
Phil Angelastro: And then just follow up in terms of divestitures, Alexia. I think for future expectations for the balance of the year and the rest of the quarters, I think our expectation is for the businesses to continue perform well. And I think we would expect to achieve probably 20 to 30 basis points of improvement over the last year. First quarter relatively speaking is traditionally small relative to the rest of quarters. So the first quarter doesn't always necessarily make a definitive trend for us. But we're going to continue to focus on EBITDA as we always do and we would expect 20 to 30 basis points for the balance of the year. But we're also going to continue to invest in the business and invest for growth as we always do and try to find the right balance, so that we can find and fund sustainable growth. In terms of future divestitures and the process we go through, I think you've seen over the last three or four years that it is a part of the process we follow. I think we're through an awful lot of what we plan to do strategically, but we're going to continue that process. We look at it every quarter and annually every year late in the year as we look at the new year and reevaluate where the businesses still fits strategically and what might be some opportunistic things that come up, which is essentially what you saw with the Sellbytel disposition in the third quarter of last year and then the market saw a disposition in the first quarter of this quarter, both of those were similar businesses, different geographies. But there were opportunities for us to take advantage of situations where we weren't prepared to continue to invest in what was needed for the future of those businesses yet we're able to find buyers that made much more sense than us for those businesses.
Phil Angelastro: I don't think from our perspective it's significant enough to quantify. I think between MarketStar as we said as far as the gain and the translation loss we had on FX, those two together were essentially less than 10 basis points.
Phil Angelastro: I don't think there's anything in our view that would change the outlook for the year at this point up 2% to 3% growth for the year.
Phil Angelastro: So actually Accuen grew in the U.S. by about $2 million, so it's basically flat. And on a worldwide basis, Accuen was down $4 million, which also is roughly flat. Going forward, or overall just to comment on the programmatic business. So programmatic business certainly in our view continues to be strong but we continue to see the transition of some clients from our performance based bundled solution to the traditional agency approach and going forward, as John had said earlier, programmatic offerings being integrated into our agencies and into the agency offerings. So we think that's the right answer for the business ultimately, because it is something that is just part of what our agencies do on a day-to-day basis. But ultimately, the business is strong and continues to perform well.
Phil Angelastro: So on FX, I think your question is a hypothetical one. If FX was down a 100 basis point what would the impact on margin be, I think the answer is it depends on where the FX positive or in this case a negative would be. But I think it's pretty direct to say if FX is up or down 100 basis points to 200 basis points, typically the impact on our margins is minimal. And in this quarter the impact that negative FX had on margins, the margin percentage was less than 10 basis points, which sometimes when FX is up or down in the neighborhood of was this quarter. We do tend to see a larger impact on our margins, on the margin percentage but that didn't happened this quarter, the FX decline was not across the board, didn't have a big impact on margin percentage when you looked at the totality of Omnicom. As far as dispositions go, we don't forecast certainly into 2020 and 2021. I think the bulk of the dispositions we have done to date, we will cycle through by the end of Q3 of this year. The size of the dispositions we did this quarter just are not that large that they're going to have a significant impact on the number going forward. And as far as strategically, we'll continue to pursue the same strategy as far as acquisitions are concerned. We'd rather do more than less. Our capital allocation strategies are going to change to the extent that we can find accretive acquisitions that fit our strategy fit the culture, and meet the needs of what we think we work well and integrate with the business. We're going to try and find more of those deals and do more of those deals. We're not going to set an acquisition dollar target and then have an M&A group chase deals so that we can meet that target. But we're going to continue to pursue deals. We're pursuing them today but less of the right fit, we're pretty disciplined about if we are going to continue to be disciplined about it. So, ideally, as we get out a year or two, the goal would be to have certainly back in the more acquisitions mode. The disposition process will continue but certainly the bulk of what we intended to do -- we're through the bulk of it but we're going to continue to look at opportunistic things as they come up and if they're right for the business disposition might be the right answer but the goal is to do more acquisitions certainly. On interest expense, I think we don't have -- I don't have the number in front of me. We could take that offline. But we certainly expect that the reductions that we've been able to achieve in our fee borrowings, because of the opportunistic debt offering we did, private placement we did in January or in early February, is going to reduce our CP borrowings. And we'll probably have a little bit of negative year-over-year increase in interest from our floating -- our fixed floating swaps. But we do have a debt offering coming. We do have a 10 year bond offering that's coming due that we're going to replace and there should be some savings from that offering, because 10 years ago the rate was certainly higher than we expect to refinance today. So we can take that offline and we can give you some more detail.
Phil Angelastro: No, I don't think there is anything unusual. We actually -- I don’t have it with me for the call. But we do have a constant currency calculation that we do. So we can give you a follow up what those ratios were on a constant currency basis so that you get a sense for what those numbers are without currency. We typically have that I forget to bring it with me into the room where we're having the call.
Jonathan Nelson: At Omnicom, we have been working on this idea of mass personalization and scale for well over a decade. Our investments in Annalect, our platform Omni and the Precision Marketing Group, along with Hearts and Science, are just latest examples of how we're focused on this. As we proceed on this, we are really focused on three key areas. One is to keep the platforms open. As I've previously talked about, we would rather rent and partner on data and technology rather than own. That's not to say that in a few strategic instances, we won't develop our own data assets. We do develop our own data assets like our inventory graph, but we generally believe a modular open approach is best for ourselves and our customers. Two, we have been doing this on a global basis for over a decade. Our data platform and our technology platforms have been rolled out in every major region of the world as of right now. And three, the hardest part about this is doing integration with your traditional assets at scale. Anybody who does this can tell you that mass personalization at scale is extremely hard and we have been dedicated to training thousands of our employees across all of the world in every major discipline across Omnicom for the entire time that we've been doing this. So those three things open versus close, global and integration at scale are how we're approaching this problem.
Jonathan Nelson: Well, I think that there will be more regulation around privacy in U.S. that’s nearly inevitable with the comments made by a number of people in the industry legislation is going to happen in the U.S. At Omnicom, we did a deep audit of all of our assets looking at all of our different data providers and partners and came up with policies and procedures to protect ourselves and our clients. And what we're trying to do is find that fuzzy line of privacy and take a few steps back from it. And I think that policy has worked so far and it will likely work going forward.
Jonathan Nelson: Not a material change. I mean when it comes down to actually on a day-to-day basis, of course it's evolving everyday but in the macro it keeps moving forward.
