Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think any one quarter doesn’t necessarily make a trend, but we were pleased with the results with respect to the U.S. performance. Our overall outlook for the company has always been on the consolidated growth profile. We don’t necessarily nitpick it by country or by region, but we were certainly pleased with the second quarter. John’s referenced that the percentages themselves within a quarter can vary, so we’re certainly cautiously optimistic about the second half.
Phil Angelastro: I’d just add, we’ve been building and investing in the Analect and Omni platform for the last 10 years. It’s something that we’ve done internally, spent an awful lot of time and energy in having one common platform that’s going to continue to evolve, and as John had said, in an open fashion. It’s also a global platform, not just a U.S. platform, and we’re going to continue to invest in it going forward and maintain the flexibility we have to work with various best-in-class partners and get the data that we need, when we need it from a variety of sources. It’s a much more flexible approach and one that we can scale.
Phil Angelastro: Keep in mind the first party data is the client’s data. It’s not our data. I think to the extent we need it to help whichever client we’re working with, we can easily and effectively help clients integrate our third party data with their first party data in a very effective way. We do that for many clients today and we expect to continue to do that in the future. We don’t see a situation where in the short term or even in the long term, that clients are essentially going to give up the ownership of that first party data, but they need a partner to help them to more meaningfully merge that data with relevant third party data to come up with solutions to help them reach the consumers they’re trying to reach.
Phil Angelastro: As far as CRM execution and support goes, I think the businesses that remain in the portfolio, we continue to work with management and--actually, management of the practice area to get them focused on improving their execution. I think we’ve done a lot in terms of what we intended to do as far as our disposition strategy as it relates to the businesses in that portfolio, but longer term we don’t expect them to grow as rapidly as the rest of our portfolio and we expect we’ll continue to evaluate the pieces of that portfolio as we go forward. We do have some good businesses that have been performing well in that portfolio. They tend to be the smaller pieces of the portfolio, so we’re going to continue business as usual in trying to help them execute better and turn themselves around, but we’ll also continue to re-evaluate the portfolio as we go down the road.  With respect to the events businesses, I’m not--if you could repeat your question? I’m not sure I got the last part of it.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think one broad comment and then I’ll turn it to John, but certainly we’ve invested quite a bit over the last 10 years in Analect and Omni, but probably not close to what the two recent acquisitions--the spend on the two recent acquisitions have been by two of our main competitors.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, the bulk of the investment has been in essentially people, as well as some software tools and technology tools, but it is something that certainly is run through the P&L. It hasn’t been trying to piece together and integrate a bunch of acquisitions, but we also recognize that it’s an investment we need to continue to make and expect to continue to make to continue to maintain and upgrade the platform as technology changes and as the media landscape changes.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I mean, you could also include or exclude a number of other miscellaneous costs, so you do include the training in that investment, the training in the people which is now global, or don’t you? How do you calculate those numbers? It’s an integrated, integral part of the business that we don’t spend a considerable amount of time trying to figure out every last dollar so that we could report it and have it--make a big splash on how much we’ve invested. It’s an integral, integrated part of the business and investing in this platform is something we’re going to continue to do, and it’s just a basic part of the business.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think we certainly want to do more acquisitions than less in terms of how we use our free cash flow, if we can find the right ones. This particular quarter, there were two acquisitions in particular that we’d been working on for quite some time. One of them, we just couldn’t complete, we couldn’t come to terms. They weren’t economic terms that were the issue with other things. The other just didn’t happen this quarter from a timing perspective. I think we do have a pipeline in place that we’ve been working, but as John had said, we are taking some actions to kind of redouble our efforts to find deals. I think from a pricing perspective, that really hasn’t been what has held us up or caused us to do less this year than last year. Last year, we had some excellent candidates and got some deals done that have been very successful. We expect that we’ll do more of those in the future
John Wren: In terms of international growth, Brazil we do point out because we’ve had to take actions and it is still a work in progress for us to get it to the level that we would like it to be. As you go across the rest of the world, the uncertainties that exist because of geopolitical decisions will have some impact on what goes on with our clients and spending. We cannot predict what’s going to happen with Brexit. The good news is we don’t have a lot of financial service clients in the U.K. We don’t know what’s going to happen with tariffs and what the reaction to that is going to be, so we remain cautious, optimistic but cautious, and trying to gain market share in all the places we operate in.
John Wren: You’re correct in your comment that some of those headline accounts are slower to ramp up and will start to contribute more in the second half, but I don’t think meaningfully enough to affect our overall guidance of growth of 2 to 3%. 
John Wren: Okay. Well, as an overall statement, since it seems to be of interest to not only you but probably others, we did look at both of those acquisitions that our competitors made, and if we thought they were worth it, we would have purchased them ourselves. But going back to your question, there’s risk when you do a transaction like that. There’s huge integration risk. You’ve seen it in some instances in other companies in our industry where they’ve done--previously done very large acquisitions for their size and not really been able to successfully integrate them within a relatively short period of time. The other thing, the other real risk is they are legacy businesses. In Europe, most of them don’t operate but they have GDPR. I can’t tell what the risk is going to be to that data, delivering safe data for brands and what the regulations are going to be in the United States, let alone China or anywhere else, so to us as we looked at it, the risk versus the data versus our ability to obtain the same data but in a very relevant, up-to-date way, there was no ROI on the transactions for us.  Our systems have always been open and unbiased, and we think that’s critical. It’s critical for us to get the best results for our clients, and we’re focused on creating meaningful outcomes for our clients. I have never wanted to be in a position where the way I sell you something or the way I work on your behalf, you have to buy what legacy systems that I put in place and I don’t have any flexibility of changing those systems to improve them with whatever the marketplace seems to offer, or needs to offer. 
John Wren: Said another way, we don’t need to own it to connect to that data on behalf of our clients, and we do that. The data that--those company needs that I think you’re alluding to pales in comparison to the quality that clients have on their own.
John Wren: Hype gets people excited because there’s a headline, but when you look to the substance of it, we think--you know, God bless them, but it will be a challenge.
John Wren: I’m no economist either, so you take that for what it’s worth. In speaking to many of our clients, each industry has particular concerns; but if I had to sum it up, everybody--most people believe that the U.S. economy continues to perform well. At the same time, they recognize that the U.S. economy has never performed this well for this long at any point in the past, and so at some point you can expect some dips or some changes. Nobody can figure out the when. I do think you see it having more of an impact on long-term planning in terms of some of our clients that have to commit capital to their businesses in the future. It doesn’t have the same type of impact on the advertising business because we--nothing is completely flexible, but we’re very vigilant about what our clients are doing and what they tell us they’re going to do and the services that we offer, so we’re--we can be a bit more nimble than many, many businesses which require a lot more capital to do things.
John Wren: Yes, there’s no absolute answer to your question, but this is not a new problem. Oftentimes, most times with clients, we mutually agree on who is going to audit and not audit our results. I don’t know of any of the major holding companies that have really easily agreed with having them come in and ask the type of questions you’re referring to. I applaud Mark Reid in making it a more public issue, but privately this issue has been dealt with on a client-by-client basis for a long time.
John Wren: The only thing I’d add is we have made significant investments in the whole area of technology - Analect, tools, some other investments as well. The way that we’ve made these investments is internally, so we expense them as incurred, we don’t capitalize them so you won’t see it on our balance sheet, or in our goodwill for that matter. I’m no accountant, but I do--and it gets quite a bit of priority from the management of Omnicom and the management of other creative businesses because of the importance of the tools that we’re creating and what we’re doing. If you go back, which I don’t suggest you have to do, and listen to prior conference calls or read any one of our prior transcripts, you’ll see that we’ve been talking about this for 10 years or so.
John Wren: It’s not too hard, we just don’t--we spend what we need, we don’t add it up and pat ourselves on the back for having spent it. 
John Wren: Phil can answer, but I would say mostly circumstance. We’ve recognized the same thing in the second quarter and we’ve since then put more resources in the area of looking for certain selective acquisitions. It’s going to take some time to identify them and then to bring them into the fold. 
