Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted on the omnicomgroup.com website both, our press release and the presentation covering the information that we will be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some remarks from John Wren about both the state of our business and our potential merger with Publicis. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the first quarter and then both of us will be happy to take your questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. We are a little bit under a $1 billion this quarter, largely because of the Vodafone loss. You will get those pretty solid new business period, but as I've always said each quarter you get one or two big wins or one or two big losses and it pushes you sort of above or below that $1 billion marks, so unfortunately this quarter we are a little bit below it.
Randall Weisenburger: Cash flow obviously builds unless we have uses for it. Our acquisition pipeline is pretty full, but as everyone knows, we are pretty discriminating when it comes to acquisitions. We will continue to be very prudent with shareholders' money and make the acquisitions that we think are beneficial for shareholders. The timing of that, you know, frankly is when the acquisitions are ready to close. I don't think it's really possible for us to spend as much money as we are generating with acquisitions, so inevitably I guess that means the cash balances will build.
Randall Weisenburger: Just to be clear what I've always stated is we are going to consistently pay dividend and try to increase that dividend pretty regularly. Our next priority is making acquisitions that are beneficial to our shareholders and growing our business. Then we basically use the balance of cash in share repurchases, but our first priority has always been great acquisitions. We generate a lot of free cash. It's frankly difficult to spend that amount of free cash on acquisitions that are accretive for our shareholders, so our historical or recent preference has been to internal development which is a strong focus of every one of our businesses to make sure we have the capabilities necessary to serve our clients.
Randall Weisenburger: Frankly, because we have cash doesn't mean we are not focused on making sure we pay every bit of attention possible to our own cash management working capital initiatives. Frankly, we have re-doubled those efforts probably each year for the last couple of years.
Randall Weisenburger: I mean, it's a large complex transaction, so until the day we close, there is going to be items that are scores of internal staff and attorneys are focused on. There is a lot to be done here, but there was gating items of the other primary focus to getting the deal close.
Randall Weisenburger: Dan, you probably know that as well as anybody. You have done some really great work in the space with some your digital hub work. I think the last one I read I thought you nailed it pretty well.
Randall Weisenburger: No. Hopefully, I didn't say that. I didn't mean that we have done everything we can do. I said is, we have done a lot and we are going to continue to focus on and continue to drive those cost improvements. I think those costs are hopefully flat to maybe slightly declining while we were growing revenue. There are mix issues and there are geographic issues when FX bounces around the way it's done in the last, I'll say few quarters. This quarter in particular, some of the places where FX has had its biggest impact are our higher margin countries and therefore it does have a negative impact a little bit on the margins.
Randall Weisenburger: Okay. Thank you all very much. We appreciate your time. If you follow-up questions, we will be happy to try to take them offline. Have a great day.
John Wren: Sure. I think as we have said consistently, this is a very complex transaction. As a result, there are issues that arise which have to be solved, so there are really great deal challenges. There is a number of gating items as I attempted to explain. From a statutory point of view, we have cleared everywhere, but China, where we are in phase, what they call Phase 3. By comparison, Randy might have a little bit more color on this. (Inaudible) I believe was in Phase 3 for 43 days, 45 days something along those lines and the Chinese will move at the speed chart - Chinese will move, we respond to their questions as they come up and we have to satisfactorily answer all of the regulators questions before we will get approval. With respect to tax, let me turn that one to Mike O'Brien, because it is complex. I do have an understanding of it, but not quite as good as others.
John Wren: It's not a complete answer to your question, because we don't know. We are tackling these things as we can and as quickly as we can and then we have yet to submit as I said on call the regulatory filings to both, to the SEC and the AFM.
John Wren: Yes. Not 100% sure of that. We are certainly working to drive every efficiency we can from the business, but now we are going to have 14 basis points of margin expansion every quarter, I am not sure. First quarter is a smaller quarter. We have had great results. Our businesses are working, I think, extremely hard both, on the business front and the cost control front, but we are focused predominantly on investing in our core activities, expanding our capabilities to drive revenue growth on a long-term basis. We have gotten hurt this quarter in particularly by other 10-plus basis points because of FX. I noted that, I don't know how prominently it came out of my comments. Most of the time FX is pretty neutral when it comes to margins, but this quarter frankly the markets where FX was negative happen to be markets that have higher than normal or higher than our average margins, so it did have a bit more of a negative impact on margins than what used to be.
John Wren: Well, that is very complex. As soon as we file our Q, we begun to update our financial statements, we order - we will have to do a little bit of work for the first quarter. Reconciling our GAAP financials to IFRS, so we will continue to work on it.
John Wren: There is nothing to add to that. Those have consistently been our objectives and the way that we have approached it. Omnicom will continue to do that as long as Omnicom is here. A couple of quarters delay on the share repurchase program. It doesn't alter our long-range [projected] views or strategic plans.
John Wren: Sure. I'll do the first bit last. Certainly, larger media scale is a contributor to growth. Omnicom and separately Publicis are large enough individually by themselves to get as prices as we know it today. What it will do it give us a broader client base from which to go out especially from a individual front - premium type inventory as clients may want and therefore we can service or enter into agreement to get a first look or to do whatever we need to do at that time. Then area by way that we spend a fortune - we spend an appropriate amount of money internally investing in, because if you had a strategy a month ago it's not necessarily the strategy for the future, because the environment is changing so rapidly and so you have to stay on top of it all the time. Scale will help. In terms of our comments and I think I am just going back to our road show and moving consistent since then post the merger, and when I say post the merger I don't mean post the merger, but after the company start to integrate we have a better opportunity than we currently have marginally, but for cross-selling, we are going into new areas, we are doing a number of things. Those are efforts which are embedded and for the principal reasons for Omnicom's consistent growth over the last 19 years and so more clients the (Inaudible) systems, so we look. We have the systems, we have the people that are trained to Omni Systems, of the systems, so we so we look forward to that.
John Wren: There are multiple issues. I mean, I don't know - important is a qualitative word the most urgent are they gating items that I mentioned.
John Wren: Well, I think there are scheduled meetings between the two groups, scheduled for beginning in next week with the appropriate experts to determine the next steps about going back to the regulators and what we will need to do what we won't need to do. With respect to a number of items that Michael mentioned, there is no plan B. Those things are requirements to get to a closing.
John Wren: Sure. Well, your first question analytics is the primary and its related services are where we are concentrating Omnicom's efforts, so as to make what we are doing or the strategy and approach we are taking are very focused and controlled and not scattered to the diversity of our company and has proved to be very successful and we have been able to move very quickly in becoming world-class. The marketplace as you know is changing. Clients and data to indicate return on investment are becoming accepting digital buys increasingly every week every day. Some are early adopters, some are little slower to dedicated increasing part of their budget and mobile is just about to take off, and I don't know sitting here today how much of existing budgets mobile will draw, but we are working under the assumption that between display and also to digital venues, it's going to increasingly over the coming years drive more and more of the clients' budget, because we will be able to tell our - the messaging as to who we reach, when we reach them and what the message we are using to reach them is, so a lot of effort, a lot of very successful platforms are being developed, a lot of very innovative partnerships are being entered into and it's ongoing. We mentioned Instagram on the call. I was hoping to have yet another interesting one done before the call and then probably come in the next couple of days, so it's very iterative and it's a very dynamic landscape platform.
John Wren: Thank you. Well, I think as Maurice has said, I have said many times. We continue to operate as two separate companies until the merger is approved, and we continue to enter into partnerships to make internal investments as fast as we can absorb them and where we see the - you where the stuff is going and that's what we attempt to do every single day and especially in the digital area and our partnerships with all these technology partners and our importance to them allow us some insights as to where they are going and what is going to be beneficial to our clients and that's how we prioritize our investments. That's just rapidly growing every day. I have a meeting later on today we are all approved - some significant internal spending to support some programs and some platforms that we believe will start to become normalized by the end of the year that will contribute to our growth in the future, so we continue to make those investments, we have a fabulous team and there we go. In terms of what our services are and we know what they're not, because there's a lot of confusion when you listen to people and see how each holding company is described. What we do is, we thought we are actually client-focused and most of our people at this point are digitally, I would say (Inaudible) are digitally competent to a much higher level than was two, three years ago or five years ago and that only improves every single day and Omnicom is very well-positioned. It contributes to our overall growth, because there isn't a campaign or assignment that is significantly digital today, so we continue as I'm sure Publicis does in making investments in this area, because it is the future and that's where the puck is going to go.
