PhilAngelastro: Sure. In the context the COVID given the size of our overall cost decline in P&L. We thought it was meaningful to provide some additional details or the components of that cost decline. So we added third-party service cost line because they're directly linked to reductions in our revenue and for changes in client spend. So that drove the additional information. But from our perspective we don't pick and choose what cost to include or exclude from a hybrid or net revenue number or an EBIT number for that matter. So, while some of those costs might be directly passed through without any potential margin on them. There are components of those costs that ultimately are part of our overall business. So in the events business as an example, if we negotiate a bundled deal or bundled package for delivering event. And we act as a principal on that event. All those costs go in our P&L. And by definition there's some margin on the overall project. So it's built into the estimates of what those costs are going to be when we negotiate what the fee is going to be. We also think it's important that our managers are accountable for managing a full P&L. And the cost base rather than only the net numbers. And if you manage to a net number ultimately it can lead to some bad habits or bad decisions. For example, if certain costs are going to be excluded or netted out. And the managers of the business aren't accountable for them. Yes, there's a risk that those cost ultimately aren't managed and what you get over the long term is more of those costs because they're netted away and people aren't accountable for them. So we don't believe that the right approach is to kind of net those numbers take a portion of the P&L, set it aside and say you can ignore these costs. So that's why we've approached it that way. And we've laid out the fact that it's impacted three of our disciplines CRM execution and support, CRM consumer experience. And some of the media business and the advertising discipline also have some of those proprietary third party service costs.
PhilAngelastro: Yes. So if you take which we've talked about a number of times, the programmatic business, there are two alternatives in terms of how we approach the programmatic business. Those programmatic in the traditional sense handled as a traditional agency for the bulk of our media business. And then there's a bundled solution, if a client is focused on achieving a particular ROI or a particular metric. And this is true with a lot of performance marketers. They know what they're comfortable paying for whatever that metric might be. And they want to fix that cost, so if they fix that cost; they choose the bundled product, they opt into our bundled approach. We deliver that bundled media for fixed price. And the risk of delivering at that price better or worse we bear. So those costs end up in our P&L on a gross basis as opposed to a net basis when we act as an agent.
PhilAngelastro: I think when it comes to events; I don't think we anticipate any meaningful turnaround in the second half with that business in particular. I think there's still an awful lot of uncertainty even with respect to live sports as to what's going to come back and how long it's going to stay back and what it's going to look like. So events have tied into live sports a lot of times. How the pandemic's going to play down and or play out and when governments are going to open up to the point that large gatherings will be back again. We just don't, we just don't know. And we're not anticipating in the second half that there's going to be a meaningful rebound I guess, I'd describe it that way. And then with respect to the field marketing business and the events business, field marketing and merchandising is probably half or a little more -- probably more than half of the CRM execution and support. Discipline and the events business, it really depends on which year in particular you're looking at. In the current environment events are probably in the neighborhood of I'd say broadly to 20% to 30% of the CRM consumer experience discipline.
PhilAngelastro: Yes. Just in terms of the second half and our outlook in terms of margins, I mean we're going to continue to focus on operating profit dollars not necessarily margins, but we've done an awful lot of work and our agencies have done a lot of work trying to get the cost base in line with current revenue not based on a bunch of assumptions around when certain markets are going to open up. And assuming that they're going to get back to revenue growth mode. We've tried to be very realistic and somewhat conservative in the forecast for the second half of the year. So to the extent we had to take cost actions we took them now that doesn't mean that there's certainty that we're not going to have to take more actions in the second half because we'll continue to aggressively monitor that. But we certainly want and expect our people to be realistic about their forecasts and I think we have some confidence although there's quite a bit of this -- that's out of our hands in terms of what's going to happen with client spend. And the overall economic environment but we are confident that our people have done a good job managing the cost base.
PhilAngelastro: But there will be some as the revenue grows some of the costs that are indirect or sorry some of the costs that are direct, they're going to come back and we'll be happy to have them back.
PhilAngelastro: I think given that the market is just about opening here I think we have time for one more call, operator.
PhilAngelastro: Yes. So on the working capital front Julien I think the expectation is that our performance from the second quarter will continue and it's a day-to-day grind, three yards in a cloud of dust. We're happy with the performance in the second quarter for sure. It's been a challenge in this environment but we're going to do our best to continue those trends. As far as the first part of your question with respect to, if revenue got back to a normalized situation in say in the future 2022 or whatever period in the future, I think the probably the majority of those cost savings are salary and related driven and the majority of those costs are going to come back, no question. The real estate piece we expect to sustain but the real estate piece of the annualized savings is a much more smaller portion of that whole.
JohnWren: The only caveat I put that, Alexia, is in the case of the Olympics which was postponed. Clients were major sponsors who had stopped work when the Olympics got moved. We will start commencing, planning and doing some other work at the end of the third quarter or the beginning of the fourth quarter. Then in very, only a couple of instances we have clients that have people who've been trained on those clients for an extensive period of time. And the talent is very hard to find. And the clients continue to pass to make sure that those people stay in own and employ and working on projects for them. But to Phil's point that's most negatively affected. Other examples are we have people that are dedicated, it's not a big number, to the theater business and that's not coming back this year.
JohnWren: The most drastic change we saw actually occurred in March, January, and February was fine. March is where we saw the first real decline there hasn't been a discernible marked difference in what happened in April, May and June. There were some differences but not enough to, for me to declare a trend at the moment. What we've been doing and probably greater accuracy than when people were working in the office is working with our folks who've been really doing an excellent job in terms of forecasting. In terms of month-by-month what they see based upon what we know. I'm not prepared to say much more than what I said in my prepared remarks because you tell me is America going to stay open, is it going to open further? Is it going to close further? It'--s we're working -- we're working pretty hard. We're doing whatever we can from wherever we can, but a lot's going to have to do with our clients. So I can't -- we'll give you more color as the year goes on as we know it, but I'm not going to sit and try to be more specific than it was. Phil you can add if you would like to.
JohnWren: Yes. Yes, is the answer but we know China which opened first we've seen it open and closed partially and open and closed partially.
JohnWren: Same for Australia so not to the point that on this call I can predict with any confidence what's going to happen. If you told me what was going to happen I'd have more confidence.
JohnWren: Well, just the quick answer is I think we said the annualized impact of the actions that we took is about $500 million bucks, that $500 million won't come back into our system unless the revenue is coming back. So we're pretty deliberate about that and meant the only thing that altered the way we took actions around the world were the government programs that were in place. Europe had more furlough possibilities where we kept employees tethered to the company. In the U.S simply because the only way people could get the benefits the government was offering was to actually make them redundant, that's what we did. So that's what motivated a lot of the actions in many instances across almost all of our companies people took voluntary pay cuts in order to preserve jobs. So there's a lot of moving parts and our bit as Phil mentioned and I think I might have for the second half, our -- each one of our individual offices has created contingency plans that flex up and flex down depending upon what they see with their clients.
JohnWren: Yes. So based on the most recent forecasts that are our individual companies have done bottoms up, so it's all bottoms up.
JohnWren: Well, Phil covers some of these. We don't believe in net sales. So as a concept, so we're not going to comment on it. Not being difficult that's just true.
