John Wren: You’ve got it. You hit the nail right on the head. Field marketing, which is not a strategic business to us, was particularly weak in the fourth quarter, and that’s typically a business that you need big box stores to hire people in to do promotions and to do some other things. It’s clearly on my list as a priority, because I don’t think the future for that business is anything even remotely close to what it has contributed in the past. In speaking to some of our credit card clients, the amount of online purchasing that went on in the fourth quarter this year was--it’s hitting a tipping point, so we can still get some value out of the business, but it did harm our organic growth. In terms of research, we’re never very deep in research. We have several companies in that area. They tend to be custom research shops. That with digital is changing - it’s not going away, but we are planning further consolidation in that area. In branding, branding really--the outlook in the branding businesses has always been--the backlog has always been six to eight weeks, and we’ve had some difficulty with some of our rebranding efforts the entire year, it also reflected itself in the fourth quarter. We have experts--that’s a business I’m quite certain we can turn around, because we have very, very smart people. It’s just a speed bump at the moment, and it will be getting better as you go through ’17.
John Wren: In terms of our revenue outlook, personally I’m more optimistic than I’m willing to say on the call. I’m very confident about our ability to increase our margins just through a continuation of the efforts that we’ve had to date, and they continue into this year. In terms of what the U.S. government’s doing, I can’t figure it out. I do believe that animal spirits have been kind of released in the U.S., and with the fixes that we have and we’re planning, I’m not concerned about Omnicom, I have just no clue as to what the impact on trading is going to be. Until something other than an executive order gets signed and a law gets passed, we’re just being conservative. The one thing we don’t want to do at this time of the year is to staff in anticipation of growth. It’s always better to hire after you’ve gotten growth. 
John Wren: To answer your second question, Julien, I’ve anticipated the consulting firms attempting to pick up some aspects of what we do for at least--seriously, for the last 20 months. We have not run into them, though, in terms of in pitches for serious pieces of business as of yet, but it’s something that we’re very vigilant about and we also have plans to start to hire, and we have been hiring, people with similar skills to the ones that they have to supplement the normal work that we do.  So we have a lot of competitors, but so far our batting average has been very good, but we’re very vigilant on the topic. 
John Wren: Well, I’m not sure I got your question completely, but our business has change completely over the last five years, and I expect it’s going to--that pace is just going to continue. We make significant internal investments in math, data, data analytics, and that--as we go into ’17, those are only increasing, also the type of people, the type of skills that we have. One major advantage that Omnicom has that we’re able to capitalize on is we have built most of what we win on internally, or we’ve hired and incorporated these people into the Omnicom DNA. When a company starts trying to gather these skills through acquisitions, it doesn’t normally play very well within groups when you go in, and clients don’t want to see people who are just meeting each other for the very first time, or have different cultures. So we capitalize on that quite a bit. It’s been--I know that eventually when I’m gone, it will be remembered as a strategy. I don’t know if it was a strategy or just good luck, but that’s what I believe. So we’re going to continue on the pace, but that’s where I spend my time - looking, talking, learning, both from clients, from their needs, and from where we think the marketplace is going.
John Wren: Sure. I won’t pretend to speak for Marc, but I’ll tell you what I believe he was saying, because I’ve heard not only publicly in Marc’s comments but I’ve heard it in any one of a number of places. The amount of spending that’s being done on digital is increasing and has been, and will continue; but we have to be able to measure the effectiveness of the media and we have to be able to have a standardized, or get close to a standardized ad verification strategy to track and to measure, and to eventually value what we’re willing to pay for or what clients are willing to pay for. The other challenge is the varying devices in which you can receive messages, and it’s I think most people’s guess that mobile will be the largest platform where--because it is the most mobile platform for people to get their content.  In terms of what we do, we’ve personally installed integral ad science verification to make sure that our client has default protection--
John Wren: Yes, not just for them but since we’ve been doing it, and it just becomes challenging and at some point, almost the equivalent of a good housekeeping seal of approval is going to have to get adopted for subscribers and publishers of content, so you have automatic faith - this is my view - in what you’re buying is what you’re getting. So it’s almost like being in--you’re not quite in the little leagues, we’re in tee-ball at the moment, but the amount of money that is being spent requires these standards to get created, to get accepted by the various people spending money, because there’s an awful lot of money being spent.
John Wren: I don’t often speak about what happens in my board meetings, but we concluded one last week when--I have my own wish list within Omnicom. We are interested in growth and we are interested in profit. I made a prediction about how fast I can move, Phil just sat there very politely and grinned and said, you may not be that lucky. But it’s a serious, earnest review and we still think there’s value in the companies that we’re targeting, but I’m of the firm belief that 36 months from now that value will be greatly depleted from where it is today, so it’s time to act.
John Wren: Well, we’re trying to grow as fast as we can, is the answer. There’s elements that we speak about on these calls and that you see that make up organic growth. The first one and the most obvious one is when we win new business obviously, because that can be calculated and other people speak about it and reporters report on it. What also comes out of that is where clients have a decline or change their spending habits a little bit, and we have a lot of clients, so a little bit amount of money can drag that down a bit, so it’s a net number that you’re seeing, not a gross number. But we’ve been doing very well and our clients, I think especially the U.S. clients, are--and they tend to be multinational, they’re bullish. They’re hopeful, there is confidence out there, so as long as something geopolitically doesn’t get screwed up or--you know, India didn’t have the greatest quarter for the Indian economy because of the change in currencies. There are some decisions which get made which impact other parts of the business from time to time, quarter to quarter, very difficult to look at it on a 90-day basis.
John Wren: Sitting here today, the platforms and the agility that we have brought into our abilities out of market, it changes all the time, you can never get too comfortable with it, but it’s working today and we continue to evolve.
John Wren: Well, we certainly have--there’s two things we have. We have some of the greatest agencies in the world in our major European markets, and so they’re very attractive to clients. We also--if we dissected our client base, we don’t have large banks and things that are highly regulated that some of these recent changes will probably impact going forward, so we’re not going backwards, we’re going forwards for the most part. We have to see what’s going to happen with the elections that are coming up in Europe. This time last year, I would have never predicted--the day before Brexit, we were in Cannes. I didn’t predict that vote. I certainly didn’t predict the presidential outcome. God knows what’s going to happen in France and a lot of other key markets in Europe, so all we can do is make sure we maintain the quality of our agencies, continue to be agile as hell, and fight for every single dollar of revenue and profit we get, and that’s what we’re doing.
John Wren: Sure. Well, we do go to market differently, and one client you point out is one where we certainly have. We’ve brought people in from different skills, we are working differently, some of our media scientists are the people briefing creative people as to what audience we should be attacking, as opposed to traditional type of account people that you would have had in the past. Everything is a bit more bespoke in some of the larger ones. They’re working much more closely in fewer silos than ever before. It wasn’t so much the Googles or the Facebooks, although they’re very supportive of Omnicom. It was more like other vendors that the client has selected and uses, like in some cases it’s Adobe, in some cases it’s Salesforce or CRM. To date, we’ve been able to draw lines and figure out, this is what your role is, this is what our role is - by the way, here’s your desk because I need to speak to you every day and we want to improve communications. We’ve just gotten better at. We were always a pretty good partner, but I believe not just top management but also upper middle management and middle management has gained confidence in the way that we can interface and work with some of these people. So we’re just building it--we’re building it for the client, with the client’s interests in mind, not necessarily the traditional - and I’ve been around a long time - silos or particular agency brand. It’s morphing, it’s changing because the marketplace has. 
Philip Angelastro: Yes, and as far as the buyback question, Alexia, I think--I don’t think you’ll see much change, actually. If we accomplish a couple more divestitures than we might have in prior years, I’m not sure that’s going to directly lead to an increase in buyback activity. The primary driver of that is going to be how many acquisitions do we do once we get beyond paying our normal dividend. If we find some additional acquisitions that fit our criteria and strategy, we’re going to want to pursue those acquisitions, that will have an impact on buybacks. The availability of those acquisitions and the number of acquisitions we close probably that will impact the buyback more so, either resulting in more or less free cash available for buybacks than the dispositions will.
Philip Angelastro: So I’ll take the first one. On Accuen, Julien, the growth number for the fourth quarter was $33 million in terms of the contribution, which brings the full year to 86 in terms of revenue growth from that business. As we’ve said before, the programmatic business continues to evolve beyond just the original core group of advertisers who were focused primarily on achieving an ROI. Overall, we expect the programmatic business to continue to grow, whether it’s through a bundled offering we have or the more traditional model. We’re happy to take the business growth either way, whatever our clients would prefer, but we wouldn’t be surprised if we continued to see reduction in the share of programmatic that’s executed on a bundled basis and growth in programmatic that’s executed on a traditional basis.
Philip Angelastro: So on the margin front, we certainly expect--I guess first on the dispositions, as far as the dispositions that we’ve completed to date, we expect they’ll have a small positive impact on margins, but the vast majority of the margin improvement that we expect that John talked about in his prepared remarks are not based on assuming acquisitions we’re going to incur. It’s largely going to continue to be driven by our efficiency initiatives. To the extent that we’re able to dispose of a couple businesses that we go through in our evaluations, which will start in a couple weeks, incremental dispositions in ’17 are largely going to be businesses that have margins on average, because of performance issues largely and the type of businesses they are, the revenues may come down more, as John had referred to, and there may be some margin improvement as a result of that. That’s not really factored into a significant portion of the margin improvement that we expect that John referred to in his earlier remarks.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, in terms of the wins themselves, though, the more important part of the wins of, say, P&G, AT&T and Volkswagen were how we’ve been able to establish or significantly enhance the platforms we have for growth within PHD in the case of Volkswagen, and Hearts & Science newly created in the case of P&G and AT&T. We think those platforms provide us with some significant growth opportunities. The actual amounts of revenue on the initial win, while very helpful and certainly very helpful to the businesses that won the work, they’re not in and of themselves material to our overall results, and there’s certainly a lot of other factors that add and some that detract from our organic growth profile - John touched on them, certainly. So we’re more bullish about the benefits that we got from those wins on what our future growth profile can be going forward, but we’ve got to look at the overall portfolio, which is pretty diverse and hopefully balanced, and not everything is always going to be hitting on all cylinders.
Philip Angelastro: Thank you all for joining the call today. We appreciate it, and we’ll talk to you after the first quarter is over. Thanks.
