John Wren: Not yet. We’re still comfortable with the 3%, and our stretch target remains 5% for the year. We will know more certainly by the time we get to the second quarter’s call in July, but the – and the reason for that is, in my experience, is just common sense, not to fight the Fed. And so we’re not going to fight the Fed. And whereas our clients continue to spend and we continue to win new business, that’s all very positive. Clients are getting cautious, and they are trying where they can to avoid long-term commitments and create as much flexibility in their spending as possible. Therefore, we’re doing the same.
John Wren: Yes, Ben, we take all that into consideration. We’re giving you the estimate of what we think is happening in the revenue in the aggregate. But L’Oreal specifically, we were ramping up costs in the first quarter. The revenues didn’t start until April 1.
John Wren: We certainly, not only I, I think the leadership of our groups believe that it’s necessary and will therefore be effectively additive in the long run. Where we benefit is the great resignation is over. You see it in the layoffs that the tech industry is doing in some other areas. So we believe that we will be just fine. Naturally, there will be individual cases where people want to come back, and they’ll seek other alternatives. But in the scheme of things, it’s not going to be significant. As we’ve implemented this policy, if you go around the world, we needed to put out the minimum of 3 days a week principally for the United States. Once you get outside the United States, people have been back in the office like in Asia a minimum of 5 days a week and most of Europe, at least 4. So people – our managers also know that at first, when people come back, we’re going to invest a little money, making an event to come back just to reintroduce people to – having to come back. But I think we’re also doing other smart things. If you lived in Long Island or Connecticut or in New Jersey, and if we say come back to the New York office, it would take you 2 hours and cost you a fortune, tolls and whatever else. We, I think, very wisely have put satellite locations. So people can have that as their permanent location and only on occasion going in the course of a month will they have to come back to the city. So we’re trying every sensible thing to look at for the benefit and the welfare of our employees. And it’s time for them to come back because we’re a creative service company, and we work better when we’re together.
John Wren: Sure. I probably say it’s pretty consistent to what we’ve been saying for the last 100 conference calls that I’ve been on. There is – one thing that will benefit us is we continue to ramp up in the hiring, say, in places like India have increased in order for us to become cost efficient for the benefit of our clients as well as for our shareholders. And that will continue to grow. That’s why I mentioned that we’re opening up three campuses, which in the past, that’s what tech companies did as opposed to advertising agencies. So we have some plans, and we are cautiously introducing them just in the normal course of business to mitigate costs. And we also have it in our ability to accelerate that if we find that we have to adjust for something. So the plans vary. The scenarios vary. I think Phil had some statistics about how quickly we recovered from very serious recessions in the past. I don’t know if that would add any color to it or not.
John Wren: Sure. I think there may be more now. We were the second company I think Microsoft entered into such a relationship with. I think the first company was Disney. It’s a unique deal. And what we are using it for at this point is we are taking all of Omnicom’s historical data on top of what GPT can do. And we are running a lot of projects. I will come to that in a second. We think for clients that want to participate in this they will add their data and we will create new models of how we do things to identify consumers. So, we are putting it all together. And I think presently, we have in excess of 20 projects going on, testing different things. I would say good five of them are directed at the back office and the balance of them, are directed to the client side, the revenue side of the business. And it has a lot of potential to positively impact the business. I don’t think you will see that in 2023 because as I also said in my comments, you have to be very careful with this. And maybe one of the reasons Microsoft picked us is because we are very careful. There is a lot of ethical questions and there is a lot of privacy questions. There is a lot that this incredibly powerful tool can do, but you have to get the guidelines and the rules in place before you can actually use it efficiently. In the long-term, and this is just my belief, in the long-term, I think our creative – what I would call knowledge workers, will only find their jobs enhanced by the way that we will utilize this 5 years from now. And so we are very optimistic. And we are testing it, playing with it, but we are certainly not deploying it in the way that – to the full extent of the power that it has. The other thing that I would point out, I mean you probably – this may sound like I have said it before, but we have built Omni over the last decade. And we have built it in such a way that is very, very flexible and connected to an awful lot of databases and put in plumbing that was really appropriate for what – playing with and adding generative AI is going to do. So, we have the installation. We have the system. It’s deployed for us worldwide. And now we are entering into an environment where we are going to be able to make pretty quick progress, I think in terms of what works and what doesn’t work as people develop these rules, look at the ethics of it and understand what bias is can be affected.
John Wren: Sure. Well, the Fed hasn’t stopped. So, the world is still fighting it. And with the employment numbers, they don’t look as bad maybe as they could. But the jury is still out about if the Fed is going to be able to get us into a recession, they are certainly trying to slow growth. If they do – as I have said, we have been playing game theory here for quite a number of years in terms of how we would respond to it when we see it, when we believe it’s going to occur. We do though, have the philosophy that when long-term partner-type client suffer, we are going to suffer a little with them. And that’s proved to be a very sensible investment in the past when we faced I think more severe circumstances because clients don’t forget that. And then as they recover, you benefit from it as well. So, at this point, we are comfortable with – we are certainly now comfortable with the low end of the range that we gave you last quarter. We will strive very hard to get to the top end, but there is too many uncertainties as we sit here today for me to be promising that to you. As soon as we can, we will. So – maybe I didn’t quite answer all of your questions.
John Wren: And if I could just add one thing, our capital policy is first to pay dividends, next to do acquisitions and then finally, to do share repurchases with that free cash flow. And there is a number of tuck-in acquisitions that we are looking at currently, which when we get completed with our due diligence and if we get across the finish line, cash will be used for that, that might change it. So, there is no – excuse me, there is no formula for – we are going to do this in January, we are going to do this in July. That’s not how it works. We use our judgment to get to these forecasts to be as transparent and as consistent as we can review.
John Wren: Well, our people are always trying to get paid fairly for the services that we provide. And – but we do live in a competitive environment. So, there is a lot of – many clients have given us increases, and many clients are not in a position to give us increases. And to offset and to pay for salary inflation, as Phil mentioned earlier, we have sped up. And we are doing a much more professional job with off-shoring then I can say, we have done at any point in the past. That isn’t necessarily to create extra income, that’s to create extra resource so we can continue to attract the best talent there is in the marketplace.
John Wren: On a macro basis, no. Prior to this call, I was talking to the CEO of Adobe. And one of the things he is saying is, I wish people would stop talking the economy down because business is great. And so it’s a mix. I don’t think anybody expected the banking situation to occur that came out of less yield [ph]. But I think everybody that I speak to is, ends up being – I would have to say the conclusion I reach is cautiously optimistic. But in a very sophisticated way, expecting that there is still going to be a lot more uncertainty until the Fed and its partners around the world think that they are done. And so people are looking to create flexibility without abandoning the commitments they have made to grow their brands.
Phil Angelastro: So in terms of the higher end, I think we’re comfortable that we’re going to close the year out closer to 15.4% than 15%. And we’re pretty confident given the real estate actions that we took and our conservative approach to managing the cost structure, especially in this kind of an environment, that we’re going to close the year – even though it’s early, we will close the year between the midpoint and the high end of the range.
Phil Angelastro: In terms of the real estate actions, I think that’s part of what gives us confidence in getting to the high end of the range. What you need to keep in mind is that there is a number of other factors in our cost structure that are going to have an impact. And specifically with respect to real estate, as people come back to work, more frequently come back to the office, we’re going to have to deal with a little bit of an increase in our occupancy costs. We’re going to manage through that. We’re also making some investments, as John had referenced, with some – a trial with some satellite offices. We need to do a little work on the space that we have. So there is a bunch of moving parts just within the rent and occupancy line, but we do expect it to be a benefit and a benefit in ‘23 and beyond for sure.
Phil Angelastro: I think the commentary or the prepared remarks, certainly were more focused on what we’ve typically done in the past, and we’re not waiting around as we didn’t in the past for the serious headwinds to arrive. We’re making sure we take a more sensible, conservative review – or sensible and conservative view so that we keep our cost structure in line with the current and anticipated revenue base. I think if you look at our performance coming out of the last couple of business – either recessions or challenging times, we’ve been able to manage through it pretty successfully and bounce back pretty quickly. And I don’t think you should expect anything different this time around either.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, on the margin front, it’s certainly – it’s not just real estate, I think it’s a whole combination of things. I mean we have got a number of factors that impact our margins. And trying to balance them all is something we do every day at the lowest level. So, while we maybe have experienced some wage inflation like everybody else has in the recent past, we have got a number of initiatives that we have been pursuing and continue to pursue in the areas of off-shoring and automation. We continue to push those and have made a lot of progress on that front and expect to continue to make more progress through the rest of this year and beyond, especially with automation. At the same time, we have taken some actions, obviously, in the area of real estate and occupancy costs. We do expect there to be a reduction on that front, although at the same time, we will have some incremental occupancy costs as well due to the more people back in the office and/or some of the investments that we touched on earlier. So, it’s all of those factors. But certainly, the real estate moves we have made this quarter are going to put us in a better position where we feel more confident that we are going to finish the year at the high end of that range, no question. On the interest front, I would say certainly it’s mostly rate. And in Q2 of ‘23, we expect interest income to increase again year-on-year relative to Q2 of ‘22, probably not by the same amount as in Q1 because our working capital cycle is such that we will have less cash available to invest relative to Q1. So, we expect interest income to go up. We expect interest expense to go up just a bit as well largely because the interest rate used on our pension and post-employment benefits, that rate has gone up as well. It’s a rate issue, not a volume issue going the other way. And the rest of our debt portfolio is relatively fixed. When you get to the second half, I think we had a considerable amount of interest income increases in the second half of ‘22. So, I think you could expect net interest expense in the second half to kind of be flat to maybe a little bit of incremental interest expense, depending again on what happens with rates primarily.
Phil Angelastro: No. I think if you go back over a longer period of time, you probably even go back 10 years, you will see that most of the volume of buybacks has occurred in the past – in the first quarter and the second quarter, usually the first quarter a little more than the second quarter, so the first half of the year. And then we tend to have less activity in Q3 and Q4. I think there have been a couple of anomalies recently given COVID, certainly for one, and probably the economic slowdown prior to that, which is probably close to 8 years to 10 years ago. So, there might be a blip here or there, but it’s not due to price sensitivity or anything similar to that. We largely returned cash to shareholders through the buyback, and we tend to do that more or so in the first half of the year.
