Philip Angelastro: Yes. Just to clarify, I think the 2% to 3%, which was our internal target last year is for the year. So that's where we're seeing 2019. At the moment, we don't have the best visibility given it's early February, in terms of what the year is going to shake out to be and certainly a lot of things can change between now and the balance of the year. But I think that's our current set of expectations.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, last year was realistically, a little bit easier for the comp and we've had 10 years before, because we didn't do as well frankly in picking up that project spend as we did this year.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't disagree. I think, we're certainly going to be working hard, yield a different answer and yield some improvement. But we do expect, let's say, we do expect to achieve some benefits from our continued operational efficiency efforts. We do expect some improvement from a change in mix achieved by some of the dispositions we did in 2018, businesses which are in balance little bit lower margin than our average. But FX in the fourth quarter, which was negative 2% on revenue for the first time in quite some time, did have a headwind on our margins in the fourth quarter. And we expect FX, certainly in the first half and for the year in 2019, will likely be much more of a headwind. How that will shake out our margins is tough to tell depending on where those FX movements happen.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. While I'm answering the first two, we need to get the answer on the third number, but that will be in our 10-K filing. So on the first two, I think, well the Accuen number was $6 million growth in the fourth quarter and it basically was largely in the U.S. On the margin front, I can tell you, FX in the fourth quarter was a negative headwind of about little over 20 basis points. It's hard to split out and we don't, what was the exact impact of our operational efficiencies and what was the exact impact of the dispositions, but FX for the first time was negative in, I'm not sure I recall 20 basis points or so a meaningful difference, but I think some of the listener certainly are interested in that number. So that was that rough estimate. And then on – can you just give me a minute on the restructuring front, I think actually, I'm going to have to give you that offline Julien, because – we have the number, but I want to make sure I answer your question directly. So we can give you some clarity on that offline.
Philip Angelastro: On the M&A question, I think it's hard to say what 2019 is going to be, because we don't put together internal target with a dollar amount for our targeted M&A spend and then set our M&A focus and network as off to find deals to meet that target, end up doing deals that you otherwise probably would have been better off not doing, but you might have met the target. So we don't plan to change that approach. I think our preference would be to do more M&A similar to what we accomplished in 2018, more accretive deals if they're available, if they have the right strategic and cultural fit. We don't want to do more than less. So we prefer to do more deals like we did in 2018 as opposed to a pretty low level in 2017, but it's hard to predict. I mean we've got a number of them in the pipeline that we've been working on and continue to work on. Some of them end up having a long cycle of discussions. Some of them we don't ultimately get close. So it's hard to predict, but we would certainly prefer to look more like what we accomplished in 2018 and 2017.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. At this point in the year, we don't calculate that. Typically what makes up our organic growth is growth from existing clients, new business wins and losses that we might have. It's been net of those. Yes, it isn't a single number and it isn't that easy to kind of capture it. From a definition perspective it might down pretty straightforward and simple, but when you collect the data at the detail level and roll it up that there's quite a bit of judgment in terms of how those things fall into each of those buckets. So we don't have that kind of information readily available this morning.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I think we did that calculation in Q3, but it's not one that we've kind of baked into our internal processes and systems, because we typically try not to carve out all the bad stuff, leaving all the good stuff. But I think it's safe to say that as a portfolio, as we look at 2019, the businesses we disposed of in 2018 were not growing faster than our overall organic growth profile in 2018 for the rest of the business, exactly how much from a dollars or percentage perspective by quarter, we don't think the numbers are going to be that meaningful and we don't have them at hand.
John Wren: I can promise you, if we can do better, we will. With respect to your other question about CRM execution, we are constantly going through – we did do a lot of disposals during the year, but consistent with, I think what we've been telling the shareholders, we've been looking at our portfolio of companies and those that we don't think will contribute to our growth as we look forward, where we are considering disposal. We did quite a bit of work in the third quarter and earlier in the year that review constantly goes on, and as we will continue to go on, especially as we go through the next three or four weeks worth of proper planning for 2019.
John Wren: Well, you might be trying to split hairs a little bit. As I think, we've said rather consistently, I know, I have for the last 20 years, when we get to the fourth quarter, there is a lot of activities that go on. There are a lot of budgets, which clients haven’t spent that they accelerate activities on. There are a lot of opportunities to sell additional products, which motivates clients to do so. And then there are some clients who try to hold back that spending to increase their P&Ls. This year, I think if I'm remembering correctly, 18 of the last 20 years, the fourth quarter has come through with that project spending. I think those one or two years during the great recession.
John Wren: Phil and I maybe thinking differently. Again, we haven't finished our profit planning. At this point, if I had to make a prediction, I'd say, I'm looking at them to be flat. The primary headwind we have in margins is the strength of the U.S. dollar. We more or less predict for you what the impacts are going to be on the topline and we tell you that, but we don't predict for you what the impact is going to be on the EBIT line and that's always – that always create some pressure. So right now, I'd say margins should be flat.
John Wren: I think that the industry itself has been going through some changes in terms of the way the acceleration of digital and how that gets you rather than traditional forms of media. Some of the portfolio companies that we've had, which always contributed EBIT, especially in the areas of CRM Execution businesses like field marketing and other things, companies like Amazon and online delivery, eliminated the need for the same type of activity that has happened on a retail level, that's happened in the past. So it's been the last – I'd say two years have been years of transition. When we look at our portfolio, when we look at the companies that we believe will contribute to our growth going forward, we're looking at those factors and other changes in technology, which are going to impact the services that we've traditionally provided. And so far we've been able to do a pretty good job I think of identifying those areas and taking action on them where we can still get value where other people still have interest in those areas. So I think that's way down a bit in terms of some of the growth. The other thing that sitting and running a company, you don't mind when your competitors are weak, you really don't like it when your competitors are wounded because they tend to do things that they wouldn't do if they were simply weak and so it's been a rather competitive environment the last six months or so.
John Wren: A couple of questions there, I think if you look at the verticals, I think it's Slide 10, so I referred to it earlier, kind of give you an indication of the industry sectors that we service. Since the formation of Omnicom, excuse me, it's Slide 9, since the formation in Omnicom, we've always been focused on serving one, blue-chip clients, two, globally not concentrated in any one area or in any one industry and I think if you look at this slide, plus we've provided it in the past, if you put a few of these years not only 2018 and 2017 together, you'll see that that's been the case for quite a while. So that's in one instance. If you take a look at our top 25 clients, our matrix area covers up to 100 of our top clients now, but just the top 25, it represents just some of the formula $4 billion of our revenue and we service them in many, many areas and it's a concentration – it's not a concentration of any particular industry, hash tag, there is auto, there is Pharma, there is financial services, it goes across the Board, very consistent with let's depicted on Slide 9. In those areas where we've been able to do that, during the year those same clients contributed about 4% growth to our overall organic growth for the year. So we are proving that as we have these practice areas; number one, focusing on skills and crafts the clients need, plus a matrix system of practice areas where we bring everybody servicing that client together, we're able to identify more quickly, needs that clients have and adjust our portfolio and services as quickly as we possibly can. So it's all moving again it's been going on for close to three years, but we are very satisfied with the progress that we're making. We think it will contribute to our progress going forward.
John Wren: The clients that I've spoken to and we'll get greater insight as we talk to some of our network heads over the course of next 10 days, they are cognizant of the fact that there is a lot of change going on in the world. These are Brexit, you got China slowing down, is the Fed going to raise interest rates, is it going to stay on hold. There's quite a number of factors. Having said that, I believe I'm speaking for most of our clients and they know that they're in the business of selling products and growing their top lines. So they're going to continue to do whatever activities are necessary to accomplish those tasks. So there's no fear – I don't get a sense of fear. I don't get a sense of this is going to be – everything is fine and there are no geopolitical or other risks out there. It's just going to be another year, similar to the ones we've had in I think the last two. And your second question, I think I missed.
John Wren: Personally, I'm not anticipating it is having a significant, statistically measurable type of impact on our overall performance in terms of organic growth. What we were doing, the reason we got paid value I think for the companies that we did dispose off was because of we were projecting out several years and saying that unless we became tremendously larger in these particular areas, we probably wouldn't be able to sustain the growth that we had. And so therefore, we made a decision that somebody else could do a better job with those assets and that's why we got rid of them. So I don't have that calculation for you.
