Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking time to listen to our second quarter 2014 earnings call. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted on the omnicomgroup.com website, both our press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be reviewing this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the presentation material. We're going to begin the call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we will review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both of us will be happy to take your questions.
Randall Weisenburger: I think we started the year telling people that we expected organic growth to be in the 4% to 4.5% range for the full year. We do think it bounced around a little bit. And we said, flat to up 10 basis points in margins, I think right now we certainly think from an operations or efficiency standpoint that our companies are making all the right moves and the underlying operating performance is there. The FX headwind is tougher than we expected starting the year. So if you wait a week, FX will change, which way it changes I am not sure, but if it stays where it's at, flat margins will be probably the better end of what we can achieve given that FX impact. We also had $8.8 million in these numbers of merger expenses, going through that isn't something that we were contemplating, we were saying flat to up 10 basis points of margins, either. Your second question was mix. Every one has got a little bit of, obviously different mix. It's hard to know exactly what the revenues or margins from each of the different businesses people have are. Certainly WPP has a fairly large research business that I don't think any of us has of that type or magnitude. They have a large media business. Publicis has a large media business. We have a large media business, but on a relative scale, that would be a smaller percentage of our business, than say it would be for Publicis, not a 100% sure from a WPP standpoint. We think it would be a bigger percentage. We have I think much larger field marketing and marketing services businesses, things in the area of branding, field marketing, events, promotions, those sorts of things. I'm not sure from an IPG standpoint, the relative size of those businesses and its mix. I know ours is quite a bit larger than Publicis or WPPs. Everyone talks about digital, we tend not to. We don't actually think digital is a so called business. Digital was a medium or a technology that we want every one of our businesses, irrespective of their underlying discipline to be utilized and to figure out how to provide a better service to their clients and to grow their revenues. That that probably covers it, I think.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, business mix can move your margins around a little bit. It affected us a little bit this quarter. It all depends on which business is doing well. I'd say one of the reasons that I have told people that we're focused more on margin dollars than margin percentages, if we have a company that comes in that can win a client, win the next $100 million piece of business, that's going to generate $6 million or $7 million of operating income, if it doesn't require capital, that's something that we wouldn't say, don't do it. We think that would be very positive for shareholders, very positive for our business overall. If we were focused only on margins that would be a piece of business that would be dilutive to our reported margins and the natural outcome of that would be to not pursue that business, even though it's economically very accretive to shareholders. So that's not been our focus. We want each of our businesses to be as efficient as possible, and to grow their businesses economically for all of our shareholders.
Randall Weisenburger: I'd say a few things and John can comment too, if he wants later. First is less negatives. So most of our businesses did fairly well, so we didn't have a lot of, I'll say headwinds in any one spot. So that's always a plus. Our media businesses did very well. A lot of that is some new business wins that happened last year in the third and the fourth quarter, and some this year in the first quarter. So that rolling through was very helpful. Our Accuen is doing well. That was up I think $30 million or $40 million year-over-year. So that's a business that, it's kind of I'll say, a new-ish business. It's been around I guess for a couple of years, but is starting to have more attraction, as is everyone's, and ours is doing quite well. We think our technology is very good and industry-leading.
Randall Weisenburger: And critical is individual agency performance. Agency even in a difficult market, goes out, wins a few clients, comes up with innovative ideas for their clients, and they're going to be able to drive their topline revenue. So that we can't loose track of that, obviously economic headwinds make it more difficult, but the individual agencies need to perform. And fortunately ours has been doing a pretty good job.
Randall Weisenburger: That will be -- it is off to a great start. It will be, I predict, a fairly high growth area over the next several years.
Randall Weisenburger: So first of all, we obviously all report in accordance with GAAP or IFRS. I think they are reasonably consistent on the points. So if we end up taking principal position, basically buy an asset that we're reselling to a client, we'll need to take it on a principle basis. I don't fully understand everyone else's business. I did hear what WPP said. I have not yet heard what Publicis said. The WPP numbers for Xaxis, again, I don't fully understand everything that's there. I think our business that's like that as Accuen, and as I mentioned in my comments, Accuen is doing very well, year-over-year growth was about $40 million for us. How much of that you'd attribute to, in services or just the media cost, because the way it makes its money is it buys media and sells it. So it's obviously, its service intact is embedded in that number, but that year-over-year growth number is about $40 million for us. I am probably skipping questions too, because I don't remember exactly what it was. But I remember the share buyback question. What we told people coming out in I guess mid-May is that we were going to resume our share buyback. We wanted to refocus that our first priority is to pay a solid dividend. We've been increasing our dividend fairly substantially over the last several years, we did it again. We're up to just shy of probably $500 million a year of dividends. We want to make all of the acquisitions that we can that are accretive for our shareholders that are on strategy for Omnicom to build our business for the long-term. And then the balance, we're going to balance out our capital structure with share buybacks. We had accumulated quite a bit of cash during the period that we were not buying in stock. So we estimated that we buy about 1.25 billion of shares by the end of the first quarter of 2015. So we have made a lot of progress towards that this quarter with $550 million or so. We didn't say, the specific timing of how fast we would do that, we'll obviously keep track of it and stay focused on our overall business.
Randall Weisenburger: No, the business is a little bit different than that. We're taking ownership of media. We're placing a principal -- I want to say bet, but principal bet. We are buying specific media and we are reselling that at a hopefully an increased price in most circumstances since the profit that we make, our revenue or our return is going to be based upon the difference between that purchase price of media and the sale price of media. Well, we then have to provide all of the services, all of the underlying technology, build the platforms, do the insights and take the risk. So it's a little bit of a different business model than straight agency-type model. And again, I think everyone is accounting for that is probably pretty similar. I don't know if there is a difference in IFRS and GAAP. The size of people's businesses or how they specifically trade that, that's business-by-business.
Randall Weisenburger: Your negative leverage question. We didn't have negative leverage in the quarter. Obviously, on an aggregated basis, the margins were down. I went through this. Three primary drivers to that; first was FX; second was the merger cost that we went through; and then, third was mix. The statement I made is that if we actually go agency-by-agency, so we basically like-to-like in the common currency, margins were up a little bit, not a significant amount, but 4 basis points or 5 basis points at least. So from a salary leverage standpoint, we did not have negative salary leverage in the quarter.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, that's going on. Facebook is getting a lot smarter. Every one of the key players getting more competitive offering, different ways to do things, which are proving to be effective.
Randall Weisenburger: I mean the amount of work that goes into some of these, I'll say, newer mediums is a greater amount of labor. Our agencies are generally getting paid for insights and creativity. The less of the executions they're doing is much broader, because of all these different mediums. The complexity of these new mediums is higher. So the labor required and the insights required is more. We're kind of at a stage that I think people need to be careful about on a longer-term basis. These are new mediums that are finding their spot in the world as a very useful medium. The old mediums, the traditional mediums, are also very useful for their right spot. So the breadth of opportunity is increasing, but I'm not sure anything is getting eliminated. They're just being utilized differently. So inevitably with anything new, you're going to see a very rapid growth period, once people find out it's appropriate use, but then it should level off at some point in time, whether that's a year from now or five years from now or 10 years from now. It's impossible to say because, frankly, new valuable uses of each of these new mediums is coming along everyday, as smart people with great creative ideas and insights figure out more and more ways to utilize it.
John Wren: This is John, Alexia. I think Europe, we're pleased that it's stable to flat from what we see right now. We're not expecting any grand move from there. There is no one country that's going to lead all to us, one country that's going to lead Europe out of this current malaise that it's in, in reverse, we don't see anything backing up beyond what we've already seen.
John Wren: 8,031,000, plus I think there was 147,000 shares that we effectively bought, if I am reading this right, for the exercise for -- basically with holding taxes on the exercise of restricted stock. So it's effectively bought in. They weren't open market purchases really.
John Wren: Well, we're following very much the patterns and making similar investments as we've made for at least the last eight, 10 quarters. We spend a lot of money on education, development of our people and that spread throughout the globe now in a fairly consistent basis. There is a lot of investing that's going on in Annalect and all the associated digital capabilities that we're increasingly able to do. And I see that is something we will only continue and increase as time goes past, because we're spreading those tools and that capability into the creative departments of our various agencies at this point.
John Wren: Second question had to do specifically with Publicis. And plus we've won a lot of business this past quarter, I don't believe Publicis is where we have gotten it from. I think our wins really have come from Interpublic and from WPP and that's where the growth and expansion has come out of. Some of it hasn't been announced yet either. It will get announced shortly, but that's principally where it's been.
John Wren: I think there are some pretty vast differences. They are small numbers, first of all, at this point, but there is some vast differences in the way. I think WPP approaches it versus us. In our case, it's an opt-in, it's not all of our clients, it's only the clients that choose to participate in it. I even think one of our competitors has an independent sales force and is going out and trying to resell inventory that it might own to non-clients, other agencies in some cases. So at this point, it's early days, this business isn't fully developed, and we're just reporting what we did. So I don't know that you can draw a straight line and compare all the groups at this moment.
John Wren: Well, the clearest businesses in terms of media growth that we have are the media and media-related activities, and that's because of the complexity of the marketplace and the changing channels. I see that only increasing in the near-term, as share of budgets and clients goes to video display versus where it's being spent now, which is a more traditional TV in some cases. So in the near-term there'll be greater media growth there. Also the other trend is clients, as evidenced in Nissan United, are looking for increasing help in us taking responsibility for simplifying a complex marketplace in order for them to achieve their goals and objectives. And so there are shifts going on within the business, realignment of some of the activities, some of the ways we approach and we administer activities. So those are the two principles for us at the moment. And then, the healthcare industry, separately, as an industry, has been very active.
John Wren: The answer is, I believe, it is. Can I pinpoint it or predict it with any grand accuracy, no. In speaking to my media leadership, they believe more and more the shift is now permanent and it's only going to increase, as we're able to measure and increasingly measure results. And there is a lot of chatter in clients in terms of a desire to spend more money in this area. But we haven't seen a wholesale move. You know, what we've seen is the same trend that has been developing for the past several years, just continuing. But everybody is working in it every single day. There is going to be an increasing shift. I don't know if that's helpful, but truly what we see at the moment.
