John Wren: Okay. This has probably been my one, two, third, fourth -- at least fourth, but we haven't gotten through the recession yet. I've been through three others. And the way I'd categorize the portfolio today is it's more fit for purpose than any time in my career. You're absolutely right in pointing out. We've spent a lot of time cleaning up the portfolio. And in the last 18 months have been adding to those areas, which are the highest growth. And the way I referred to it is fit for purpose. So I'm pleased where we stand, the management changes that we've made. And across the board, there's always little things to do, but there are fewer things to get correct in -- at any other point in my career. And so we're very pleased. We continue to invest organically in things that we believe will add to our revenue next year and beyond. And those investments are getting made as we speak. And they're included already in the numbers that you see reflected and reported here. In terms of margins, it's way too early to predict what next year's margins are going to be. But we've always endeavored and I think -- I would think there is an example where we've had time to plan where we've not been able to maintain margins and we endeavor always to improve them. We're constantly looking at our major expenses, which are matching staff to revenue and our management throughout the Company is very, very aware and very capable of doing that. And the second biggest expense is real estate, which improves every single year for us.
John Wren: Well, we just got back from the Cannes Festival where we had the occasion to be personally with quite a number of our largest clients. And if I had to characterize a point of view, everybody is cautious because of the unknowns that are out there. But most sophisticated marketers who have lived through past recessions know that if they cut back too dearly, they lose sales as the recoveries start to happen. So people are very cautious about serious cutbacks with -- as long as there's no dramatic traumas in the marketplace. So, we'll know more because every one of our reforecast and then certainly once we get into planning towards the end of the year for next year, is done from a bottoms-up point of view, where we're speaking to individual offices, managers, people who have day-to-day contact with clients. And we also get sight on media spending and some commitments that they have to extend into the coming months to help us manage our organization. So -- and I don't know anything about your business.
John Wren: Sure. Tim, as we look out, there's going to be a couple of areas where advertising is going to be absolutely necessary, especially as you get into things like the streaming wars that I anticipate will be coming next year. Also as the subscription services have to become ad-supported, that will create opportunities for our clients. And with the data and our capabilities to optimize client spending we should be able to take advantage of that to the benefit of the client proving that $1 invested gets such a $1 return. So also when they compare to prior periods, as I said -- mentioned just briefly a couple of minutes ago, I truly think we have a more balanced and fit-for-purpose portfolio today than at any other point in my career. And we are able to pivot. We're a great deal more agile. And whether it's digital or whatever the requirement is in reaching the customer and we're terribly focused on Precision Marketing. Which when you boil it down, is selling things. And that's why we exist to attract clients to products and to move them our shelves or out of warehouses and sell and I'm pleased. I'm never 100% satisfied. That's why we're always making investments. And our reference to e-commerce is very important, not only this year and next year, but once you look at projections about where this marketplace is expected to go in the next couple of years, we're making investments that will keep us fit for purpose as we move forward. So I don't know if that covers it, Tim, but...
John Wren: Yes. I think China is the exception, and we felt that probably most dearly in our executional businesses, where the shutdowns prevented us and prevented clients from having trade shows and other type of affairs, which are generally a part of our revenue. So shutdowns do affect those executional areas more than almost any other area.
John Wren: I believe that the investments clients are making are structural and they will continue. And we haven't announced it, we've already won business. It doesn't really start until the first quarter of next year. So I have reason to believe my statement. The first part of your question, I'm sorry, if you would.
John Wren: Sure. No other macro trends that I can point out. There are always puts and takes in terms of what clients are doing. And I'd say on balance, because of the portfolio and because of the agility that we've developed, we're able to shift with the clients as that occurs.
John Wren: Sure. Our area of focus hasn't changed at all. We -- I commented the areas we're most interested in, in my prepared remarks. And I think that's fairly consistent with where we've been all year. I do think that -- although I'm waiting for it to come through, that people on potential targets are adjusting their expectations, albeit not quick enough for us in terms of the cost of capital and what that's going to do to the fantasy land that occurred for -- if I get back 24 or 30 months, we're coming back into more normalcy as the Fed increases rates, and then other areas in the world to defend their currencies and markets also could increase rates. That's going to make deals more reasonable than they were this time last year.
John Wren: Well, you've known us for quite a while. And again, we're going to refer back to my prepared remarks, we remain cautious, and you know that we're cautious. We increased the guidance from -- in each of the past two quarters. Modestly, you could argue, given where we are for six months. And it is us just simply being cautious. We're not ones to overextend ourselves. And for those that have followed us for a long time, not for the third quarter, but in terms of the fourth quarter, there's -- for the last, God knows how many years, always caution about the amount of project business that happens at the end of the year. I'll know better by the time we get to October. But we weren't going to project that was going to come through at this point because we prefer to be cautious and then over-deliver if we can.
John Wren: It did oddly enough. I mean it's -- in the last over two decades, I think it's come through in all but two years. So -- but again, that becomes is there going to be heat in Europe in the fourth quarter or not.
John Wren: Well, a major component in the flexibility of our costs, our incentive pools was company by company, targets are set and margin -- I mean, incentives are earned based upon performance, and that takes into consideration the full P&L of that operating unit. So that more than any one item helps us through this process in any short-term period. We've also expanded in expanding our engineers. We've expanded them on principally offshore. And we're certainly not planning any cutbacks at all with the engineers are all making significant contributions to our present business and what we anticipate we're going to require in the future. So I don't see it changing. The change in mix of our employee base is not detrimental to our ability to manage it.
John Wren: It's really -- it's a client-by-client discussion. And I believe every client knows and understands as they go forward, that it's going to be an increasing part of how they reach and service their customers. The packaged goods area that you're referring to is a reasonable size of our portfolio. It's not disproportionate in terms of the balance in the portfolio. So it's part of the puts and takes that we've seen. And -- but as I look forward and as the team looks forward, it's a very important area. We are prepared and we've targeted acquisitions in this area. We're making investments in building out technology in the commerce area to be supportive of that anticipated business. And I don't think you can compare us to that environment and the impact that it had on certain parts of the market during COVID because people couldn't get out of their houses. There is going to be a lull in those companies. It's more an ever-increasing important place to our clients and so therefore to us as we move forward.
John Wren: And the proof point of this is how many boxes I have to break up every week that are delivered from a house.
John Wren: Yes. Except for the executional business is to require social gatherings, which are affected by closedowns, which Phil talked about. The math of what you're talking about is absolutely correct and it's reflected in us being cautious. I think there's only one short paragraph in my prepared remarks, as you can go back and look at where I emphasize that word. And we endeavor every day to exceed our forecast. So that's not a prediction in this environment. I don't know if I did justice to your question.
John Wren: If you give Phil one second, he'll try to answer your question. You also have to recall that it's only this year, this is the third time and God knows how many quarters that I've been around that we've even forecasted revenue. So being infants at it -- you're going to formally -- so being infants at it, you could anticipate our caution.
John Wren: Certainly, I'm going to thank you all for joining us today. We really appreciate your time, and we look forward to seeing you at investor events over the coming weeks and months. Thanks a lot.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, just one clarifying point. You referred to margins in 2022 being flat. When you carve out the second quarter non-recurring gain from the disposal of a business we had last year and you keep margins flat, that represents somewhere around 30-plus basis points of improvement year-on-year, lifetime. So -- and like John said, certainly, we're always focused on ways to be more efficient, utilizing outsourcing and offshoring and automation. And there's just an awful lot of uncertainties out there in the future, but we're always trying to be more efficient and then deliver that improvement prospectively.
Phil Angelastro: We're not as focused on a monthly number, David. I wouldn't say that we saw any trends in -- yes, the months of this second quarter that were unusual that would lead us to conclude anything different other than yes, it was a very good quarter, and our expectations have gone up as a result of it as John had indicated earlier.
Phil Angelastro: So yes, I think our expectations as it relates to our Experiential and execution businesses are probably rightly cautious and more cautious than certainly the rest of the portfolio as we head into the second half. But overall, I think we're cautious mainly because of the things that are outside of our control.
Phil Angelastro: I'd just add, it's another area of increased complexity for our clients to navigate. And as a result, it benefits us because we can help them navigate some additional choices that they now have. We can help them find customers on a new retail media platform inside a video game, et cetera. And the more complexity feeds into the capabilities that we have to help our clients reevaluate or evaluate the decisions they have to make about where to most efficiently spend their marketing dollars. So we certainly believe e-commerce is here for the long run. It's not going away. We're going to continue to make investments on our side, and we think clients will continue to do so on their side as well.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, the -- Craig, the portfolio is quite a bit different than it was in '19 now here in 2022. So, I can certainly say, we're not focused on 2019 anymore and looking back to how we're growing relative to three years ago is not something that we spend any time on. We're focused on the portfolio we have today and how the business is doing today. So, as it relates to '19, I don't think there's any meaningful trends that we would draw where the world has changed quite a bit since then and our portfolio has changed quite a bit since then. And I think as far as the numbers go in the second half, 2.5-plus percent is just about right in terms of what 7% for the year would be. And I think we've touched on our cautious outlook and how we've looked at the guidance that we provided, and we're pretty comfortable with that guidance.
Phil Angelastro: So, I think it's safe to say the rest of the portfolio in Asia performed consistently in terms of organic growth with the rest of our portfolio and the reported numbers.
