John Wren: Sure. Thanks for the question, David. Our guidance really is based, first, sort of on a bottoms-up review company-by-company, sector-by-sector, practice-area-by-practice-area. I think just about every client I've spoken to, and I've spoken to quite a few and across the United States and Europe, we recognize the uncertainty that's out there. They're not stepping back from their spending or their commitment to the brands at this point, but there is uncertainty. And we're confident enough in our performance and our forecast that we raised. And I think this is the first time in my 26 years, and you multiply that by four, how many quarters have been on this thing that we've ever raised after the first quarter, our estimates. Now, it is conservative. You have to remember that there is a project work that comes up throughout the year. And the further you get out in the year, the more uncertain it is. You don't know how any of these things are going to end. I mean if you look at the chatter in the U.S. there is a strong argument to be made that we're probably at peak inflation, but we don't know how long the wars are going to go or what the other impacts are going to be. So, we're very comfortable with the estimates for what we're going to do this year, which was we said, between 6% and 6.5% and that we're going to maintain -- at least maintain our margins that we achieved last year of 15.4%.
John Wren: Well, that's an interesting question. And it ties exactly into the last question you asked. If I was answering this a month ago, I would have been extremely, extremely bullish. And then they closed down Shanghai, right? So these things tend to be planned, but the windows between when you assign the business and when the execution occurs is generally not that long. It's generally no more than 12 to 14 weeks. And with -- it's a little hard to believe that you can close down a city as large as Shanghai, the way that the Chinese decided to do it. So, we're a bit conservative that. We are confident in our forecast for the U.S. in this area. We're confident in most of our forecast for Europe and the Middle East, but the Asian forecast that we've seen, we've discounted.
John Wren: Sure. I'm not sure if this is a precise answer, but two things absolutely impacted. When you look at just year-to-year, I think the impact of COVID added to that recovery at that rate. But also, I don't want anyone to forget that for the four years prior to COVID, we were cleaning up our portfolio. And we emerged from last year with a portfolio we feel we're very, very strongly about, and we think is well suited to provide what our clients need today. I don't know if that fully answers your question. If you can follow up, it's okay to.
John Wren: Well, the one great thing in terms of numbers is that those are not a significant percentage of our business. And as I might have mentioned in my prepared remarks, I've had an opportunity two weeks ago to meet all of the leaders from all of the disciplines from Romania all the way up through Poland that border the Ukraine. And they're all bullish about their business, but their primary concern was taking care of the Ukrainians that were coming across the border because they've had surges suddenly in the populations and what the requirements are. So big five, which are the U.K., Spain, France, Germany and Italy, although Belgium and the Netherlands are also very, very strong performance, so -- and they're all at the moment, and great shape.
John Wren: Well, Omni ID is very unique. We've spent quite a bit of money on it over a very long period of time, testing it, proving it out, proving it to global clients that it actually works and works well. When you look at the data that's available, given the various privacy laws, we have the same access, if not better access to everyone else who tells that they own something. Well, they bought something that was a business that had revenue before they bought it. So they're not giving it away to their clients and it's still for sale. So, there's no particular secret sauce in what they have that we're missing. And the most important aspect that I'd be willing to share publicly about Omni ID is the fact because we've been at it for so long, we have over 40,000 of our staff around the world that are trained in utilizing it, and we've deployed it to a significant number of our most significant -- our largest clients. And the insights or data site doesn't mean too much. It's what you do with the data and the insights that you can draw in properly analyzing the data for the benefit of the client and what they're willing to sell. So other than that, I'll be describing what makes Coke a Coke and I'm not prepared to do that publicly.
John Wren: Well, I agree with the last statements. With everything that's going on in the world, specific warrants to be a little bit conservative. But we're very happy with our media business overall. And it's been very successful, both with its existing clients and then new business opportunities that's been presented. When you look at history, inflation has always been good for that element or part of the business. And we don't see anything materially changing at the moment. The other thing which is yet to be seen, I've been predicting it since it really started is what I'm anticipating to be the streaming wars. And in the environment where the consumer might have a little -- has to be a little bit more cautious of the amount of money they spend to get what they want, I think you're going to see more and more advertising in some of these services. People like Hulu and others have proven that it works, and I think the others will adapt it. They were always -- in my view, they're always going to adapt it. I think this -- the environment we're in today will speed that process up. So very comfortable with our portfolio though.
John Wren: Okay. Well, you asked me about a segment in my business and the impact of inflation. As I said earlier, we build our forecast from the bottom-up, looking at what our reality is. And we're comfortable that we've taken into consideration, and that's why we're holding -- we're actually improving our margins by holding our margins the same as last year because of the unusual gain that we had from the sale of a subsidiary last year. So, there's an awful lot of moving parts and components. And we spent a great deal of detail time testing the information that we're getting from our various subsidiaries in the markets that we operate in. I don't know if Phil wants to add anything.
John Wren: Ben, to be perfectly honest, I did not see that article yesterday. I will go back and read it now and see what it says. In the conversations that I've had with our clients, we see both being -- I have not noticed any deterioration at all in terms of e-commerce. And so, the quick answer to your question is, I've not seen evidence today to support the article.
John Wren: Well, it's changing. You're absolutely right, very rapidly. As a matter of fact, I don't know that he's on staff, but we just brought on a very, very experienced, dedicated attorney who spent his entire career working on just this privacy issues as well as the other people that were already within the Company. I think net-net, we'll benefit from that because we haven't made any huge investments or put strong expensive stakes in the ground. And we're pretty agile and we can adapt and adjust to whatever the environment is and whatever changes the various jurisdictions come up with. And I think this is going to be a constant theme for a good long time. And I'm much happier with our decision to be as agile as we are today than the day that we made that decision several years ago.
John Wren: There are several components to organic growth. One of which is new business wins and the other, which is inevitable in every one of us and our competitors periodically or losses that you experience at some point during the prior year because you haven't had yet a full year either. We've entered '22 in a very strong position, having had a very successful 2021 -- and that's given us a lot of confidence. But this is not just us sitting here at corporate defining what's going on in the ground, on the ground, our forecasts are built truly from the bottom up, and there's weekly dialogue with all the leaders of our practice areas and networks about changes, even subtle changes that are going on. So, we're as close as we can be to what's going on.
John Wren: Well, I really want to thank all of you for spending the time with us and speaking with us today. And we look forward to speaking with you in the coming weeks.
Phil Angelastro: I think our expectations for those two disciplines are certainly more subject or we've got less visibility. It's probably a better way to describe it when you get to the second half of the year. Certainly, the businesses have done a good job getting ready to come out of COVID, and they've been growing coming out of COVID. So we're happy with their performance. But as we look at the second half of the year, since they're largely project-based their forecasts are probably more conservative than most and I think subject to a little bit more uncertainty in terms of clients' spending plans especially experiential given some of the changes that could occur like the ones here that are being experienced in China right now. So, those two disciplines in particular, we're certainly happy with our operating performance, but in the second half, there's a little less visibility to how they're going to perform sitting here today.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. One reminder, I think, in terms of the expectations of operating margin for the year, the prior year baseline of 15.4 included a gain on sale of business of $50 million. So, there is some operating performance improvement expected for the year. But yes, I don't know if that's what you're after or you just focus perfect.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. In terms of profit, Q2 has that the proceeds from the sale, the gain from the sale that Phil when he answered the last question.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think from a revenue perspective, Tim, certainly, the first quarter of '21 as far as the baseline goes, that was the last quarter of some of the COVID hangover as we were coming out of COVID, principally starting in Q2 of last year. So, the bar wasn't quite as high relatively speaking, for this quarter's performance relative to last year. We're certainly very, very pleased with the results. As we head into the second quarter, the second quarter of last year was again -- the first quarter really post-COVID, where performance jumped quite a bit because the 2020 numbers were down a great deal and weren't all that comparable. So it is a quarter where the business had kind of finally bounced back in terms of the baseline we're facing in Q2 of '22. But certainly, the performance in the first quarter is very encouraging, and we've got some momentum. We expect that momentum to continue as we look at the second half of the year. As John said, there's a little more uncertainty in the back half and a little less visibility from where we sit today.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, the second question, Dan. So the tech vertical as a percentage of our overall revenues or the revenue of our clients in the tech industry relative to Omnicom's total revenues ticked up. I'd say it's a combination of two things. One is just a change in mix, as I indicated in my prepared remarks. Travel and entertainment went down largely due to the disposition of a business that had a high concentration in that space. So -- and we've had some good growth across almost all of our disciplines with tech clients. I think we're happy to see any of those groups or any of those industry groups grow with us. We're happy for it to be tech. But certainly, our offering has resonated with a number of clients in the tech space as well as health care and some others. And I think we'd love to see it continue to grow, and we expect overall, though, when you talk about the 5,000-plus clients we have, those industry metrics don't move very often, and I wouldn't expect they're going to move by percentage points consistently every quarter. It takes a lot to move those numbers. I don't expect them to move too much going forward.
Phil Angelastro: Just a couple of additions. So as John has said, we've, our agencies have considered some of these challenges in this environment as they put together their forecasts. And certainly, it's a challenge that our businesses are dealing with and addressing. But we continue to pursue efficiency plans related to outsourcing and off-shoring and automation and a number of other initiatives because, ultimately, we've got a flexible cost structure, and our agencies have done a great job managing it relative to the revenue levels in their business. Overall, we haven't seen any reductions in the spending plans of our clients at this point, and clients need to continue to sell stuff in an inflationary environment or in a non-inflationary environment. And we expect the clients, they are going to be successful are going to continue to invest in marketing and branding and continue to invest in the services that we provide them because they do want to continue to sell stuff, and they're going to continue -- they got to need to continue to invest. So overall, while we're somewhat cautious regarding the second half, we're still very optimistic in the performance of the business and where we're headed for the rest of '22.
Phil Angelastro: So specifically, with respect to Russia and the Ukraine, now the 15.4 excludes the $113 million charge we took this quarter for us Russia. We may be good, but we're not that good. So that was obviously totally unexpected when we were on the call in February. And it hasn't -- it has not been an easy situation to deal with largely because of the people and what John had mentioned in his prepared remarks and then earlier on this call. So the 15.4 excludes that charge. And with respect to Europe, we haven't seen any meaningful or significant changes in our forecast from Europe. We've had a number of conversations with people who run our businesses in. John can add some color in his conversations with clients in that region, but we haven't seen any big changes in our forecast from our European businesses at this point.
Phil Angelastro: I'll go first in comments. I think the direct answer is no. We don't see significant increases in growth trends relative to what our expectations were, the last few quarters. I think they're solid businesses. They are, in some respects, project-based and clients might change their investment a little bit more quickly than some of our other businesses. But they've done well. We expect them to continue to do well. Their growth profile that was probably a little lower than certainly other parts of our business. As you can see when you look at the revenue breakout that we provide, our expectations for the second -- for the rest of the year for them are not as robust as the rest of the business.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think the changes are only going to make it more complex for clients to reach the consumers they're trying to reach. And in that environment, we certainly think it benefits us because we're an independent third party with the skills and the tools and the technology to help them make the appropriate decisions they need to make to continue to find and reach those consumers. So the complexity certainly, we view it as a positive.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. And I think it's -- some of it is simple math. And when you look at the great performance in the first quarter, my guess is if we didn't address the guidance as we have for organic growth for the full year relative to where we were in February, you'd probably be asking us a different question regarding -- given the performance on you haven't increased your guidance. So, yes, it was a great performance in the first quarter. And I think the change was driven by our expectations that we're still optimistic about the rest of the year. Certainly, there is some uncertainty in the back half, but we're comfortable with where we are right now and how our businesses are performing.
