Phil Angelastro: Yeah. In terms of the margin, I think we gave a number. So I think the number is the number. And that's our expectation for 2022. You can view it as it happens to be the same number as 2021. What's in it? In 2022 will be a lot different than what's in 2021. There's going to be a lot of puts and takes. In the cost structure as the business continues to ramp up and grow and some costs come back into the business that have taken a little time to get there, offset by some efficiencies from outsourcing and automation and other discretionary costs being controlled and reduced. So there's going to be a lot of puts and takes in the cost structure in 2022 relative to 2021. But we're confident that we'll deliver what we delivered -- sorry, in 1022. What -- we're confident will deliver in 2022, what we delivered in 2021 from a margin percentage perspective.
Phil Angelastro: There's some choppiness in/or seasonality in the dispositions in the first quarter of last year, while the number is a little bit bigger. But the way we calculate that number, we do an estimate based on transactions that have closed to date. So we certainly have a robust pipeline of acquisitions that we're looking at. Some of them, we will do, some of them won't work out. But as we look out at the year, knowing what we know today in terms of what's been completed today, that's our expectation for the first quarter and the second quarter. We expect that number will change. The net number will change as we complete some transactions as we complete some acquisitions, I should say, throughout 2022. So, we expect acquisition growth net in the second half, in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And if we close on some transactions earlier in '22 that we've been negotiating, the negative number might come down a bit, but that's where we stand today.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. As far as the quarters go Ben, I think at this point in time in the year, as you can imagine, we don't have a lot of visibility into certainly in the fourth quarter and/or as much into the second half. We're certainly very comfortable with our expectations in the first half of the year. And I don't think I would look at the quarters right now based on what we know as varying significantly or bounce around a tremendous amount other than our typical approach, we're pretty conservative about the fourth quarter because we don't have as much visibility or certainty until we get closer.
Phil Angelastro: Relative to your question and some of the prior ones, one thing not to lose track of is even though we were largely focused on or the results. So, we certainly pruned the portfolio did some dispositions over the last three or four years and less in the acquisition area, we've been investing heavily in this space, data and analytics and the Omni platform for well over 10 years -- 10, 12, 14 years, making some significant investments. So, we've been preparing and adjusting our approach all along. We didn't have a need to do a multibillion dollar acquisition from our perspective. Our focus has been on building a platform that gave us the flexibility that John was talking about and focusing on intelligence and decisioning and activation and outcomes, not just data ownership and/or first-party data management. There's a bit of risk there given all the changes in the privacy rules and regulations, but we'll certainly be monitoring those as things evolve at a pretty rapid pace.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. Just one or two things to add on the margin front. As John said, we're back to pre-pandemic levels in terms of the employee base. We also wouldn't necessarily look at 2022 and the guidance we've given as far as margins and say, yeah, it's just flat. We think if you look at 2021. 2021 is still not a normal year, certainly, 2020 is not a total year. Not all the costs have come back into the normalized business. So there's some opportunities certainly that we're going to have to take advantage of for some cost reduction achievements in 2022 to kind of get to this normalized level, which is in a pretty meaningful way, better than pre-pandemic margin levels. So we're pretty satisfied with the performance in 2021. We're looking at our expectations for 2022. We view them very positively in terms of the margins that we expect to deliver in 2022 as well. And then specifically related to the free cash flow question, I think if you go back through our numbers historically, back to 2017, and prior, we've been delivering $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion up to about $1.8 billion this year in free cash flow very consistently. We don't expect a meaningful drop-off in our performance. And in fact, if anything, we think the pandemic period, our people performed very well in this area, and I think we've gotten even better through some of the things we've learned, managing our free cash flow during the pandemic. So we don't expect a meaningful drop off at this point.
John Wren: Sure. I'll take a stab at it and then Phil can add. As we've said, I think on the last couple of calls, we more or less completed our review of and actions taken on major dispositions by the second quarter of last year. And since then, we've been very actively engaged in trying to purchase services in the areas that we've outlined. So what you see in the first half of this year in Phil's comments is the residual of actions taken through June 30th of last year for the most part. And we fully expect when you look at the second half and beyond that acquisitions will be what you see in our numbers.
John Wren: Well, you've been on quite a few of our calls. So I know you've heard this in past. Starting 2015, our primary focus post that was looking at the portfolio and looking at the assets that we had and with the critical eye of would we want to own these assets 5 years from now? That was an ongoing process, and it resulted in us doing dispositions and being less focused, I would say, on acquisitions.  2 years ago now, that clarity during -- actually during COVID, we were very happy that most of the dispositions that we had planned for, we were able to execute. And we started to gear up our M&A machine again, which had been dormant, I would say, in the 2016, 2017, 2018 period, and that includes both the efforts that are made here, corporate plus in certain select practice areas where we've decided to focus on growth because that's where we see the business going. And in speaking to our largest clients, the types of services that are going to be required in the future and that they're very happy to extend their relationship with us on. And as you know, we've always had a very disciplined approach to this. And if we couldn't buy it at the right price, we build it. Sometimes that hurt our P&L. But I think we're in a very good position today, and we're very comfortable with the portfolio, and we're very purposefully looking at certain acquisitions in the areas I kind of outlined because we think that's where the market is going.
John Wren: Well, I'll try to answer your questions as best I can. I have enough trouble running Omnicom. So I don't really worry about the huge acquisitions that my competitors are making. When it comes to us, and I think there's an article, Forester and some of the other magazines and other publications have picked up yesterday, with a client speaking to the subject more than -- so it should carry more credibility than me saying something about it.
John Wren: On Omnicom about on the investments we've made, the transparency that we stayed absolutely committed to in an ever-changing environment where the transparency. I mean where privacy rules are changing and being reinterpreted as we sit here tonight both outside the United States and even in certain of the larger states in the country. And we don't think that that's over. We think that's still an open subject. But we think we're in a great position to not have to defend any moves that we've made or revenues that we've purchased, and we can adapt our services and our partners to whatever the current market conditions require. But we all would agree that this is something that governments that have been playing around with it and talking about it and courts in certain jurisdictions are actually starting to look at a lot closer than any time in the past. So, we're very, very happy with it. I think the key takeaway, if you glance at that story that I referred to, is we've built Omni initially as a media product for audiences and other things. And what we've been able to successfully accomplish in the last several years as we've been rolling it out is it's become the operating platform, which informs every aspect of the services that we provide to clients that allow us to deploy it. And that's why in my comments, I noted that there are really two areas where we're going to get growth next year. One is in continuing to win new business, but as importantly, to extend services in areas that we're not currently servicing long-standing client relationships. So, the confidence is built on a pretty detailed look at ourselves versus our competitors in the marketplace, and we're very, very comfortable with the decisions that we've made.
John Wren: Sure. Let me take part of it and then Phil can supplement what I say and answer to the specific question you addressed to him. I think we ended the year at the same employer, employee level as we were pre-pandemic. And I think in the last year 2020 to 2021, we went from about 65,000 folks to a little over 70,000 employees. So that growth is there. There is no denying that there is wage inflation and that we've been coping with this and dealing with it. We're also not anticipating inflation, but anticipating how do we improve our productivity we've been making investments. As Phil mentioned in his comments, outsourced to automate to look to the future in terms of AI and what contribution they can make. So there are quite a bit of puts and takes in terms of what we expect to face from a salary and wage inflation point of view. And we've been very careful before we got on this call and said that we could maintain our margins -- our strong margins at last -- to 2021 levels. Phil, you might want to.
John Wren: No, it's okay. It's an important question to ask. We don't have any major dispositions under consideration. So that, for now is in the rearview mirror. We -- as we've said and we might have said it earlier, when maybe you were jumping around, we've been focused on the fastest-growing part of our business, which is the precision marketing, the data and analytics, business transformation, consulting, e-commerce because everybody is doing is really commerce and performance media and health care and our acquisition pipeline in those areas. And there are a number of conversations that are ongoing and we expect that we'll be closing deals after this call. And as we move through the rest of 2022, in these areas. If some of the great opportunity pops up, thank God we have the financial resources to look at it and take advantage of it because we have not – we maintained their agility and flexibility with respect to how we can use the needs of our clients and how we can best serve those.
John Wren: I've never been happy reaching into my pocket and paying. I check more than I've had to. So the one thing that pivots off of the list of areas that I just recited is that the acquisitions we're looking at, we'll be able to look at them independently and be happy with them, but we'll also, more importantly, believe that we can leverage them with our existing client base and the existing needs of our clients.
John Wren: Sure. I mean, I think the focus of every CEO out there is how do they create better relations with their customers, gain better knowledge of what our customers' needs are and develop a relationship with them because that will not only add to their performance in 2022, but sets the foundation for their relationships going forward. No one is going to deny that there are challenges both in the correction of what -- however long the supply chain takes to work its way through. I think we'll be a better place when that actually occurs and the fact that we're, at the moment, suffering from inflation that we haven't seen in quite a long period of time. So our customers are very -- our clients -- I wouldn't call them customers, are very focused on growth and also they're keenly aware that each one of their customers are being influenced by messages, 24/7 and bringing clarity about their products and indemnification and reasoning why they should be selected is what we're expert in. And so there haven't been any celebrations or parties, but a lot of very strategic and tactical conversations about how we're going to grow the business and how they're going to grow their business. So it's not – although enough, when you get on these calls or you get in front of a potential client is the tendency to talk about us, we're service provider. We're here to sell our clients' products.
