John Wren: I’d suggest that it’s business as usual. There are always macro concerns and they change from quarter to quarter or period to period, but there’s always something out there. Our folks are focused on our clients’ needs, and we don’t see any significant change for them.
John Wren: We’re constantly--that’s the one sector we’ve been focused on over the course, really over the last two and a half years, and we continue to evaluate properties in that particular sector. Many of the companies there are affected by changes in technology, and that has an impact on the growth that we experienced, so that’s something – having said that, we continue to look at the entire portfolio, but--
John Wren: This quarter, I couldn’t attribute it to Brexit. It’s just some of the events businesses and some things that--projects and timing was off in terms of when they hit.
John Wren: I haven’t read the Publicis transcript, but our media business continues to perform very well as reflected in our numbers. It’s a very vibrant business and we continue to win our fair share, more than our fair share of accounts. With respect to the fourth quarter, I think I’ll say something very similar to what I’ve said the last 22 or 23 years of fourth quarters, and that is there’s always unidentified projects in the fourth quarter. They generally in our case start off looking like they’re $200 million around the end of September, and I think all but one of the years, with [indiscernible] with Great Recession, we’ve been able to fill those gaps in through projects and budget releases from clients who might have been holding back as of September 30. So, we’re cautiously optimistic as usual, and our people are very focused on gleaning that revenue.
John Wren: I think the U.S. economy is strong. I think, as I said in my remarks, when we look at our core businesses, the ones that we anticipate growth from, they grew very well, mid-single digits. They were dragged down by events and some projects which did not come through in the quarter, and there has been some variance in that business this year, also some impacts in the shopper marketing area which we expect will grow through at some point. Then as Phil was mentioning before in an earlier question, some of the CRM execution businesses were a bit challenged, and as I mentioned in the call, our PR business was challenged this quarter. If that had simply been flat, our reported organic growth would have been a lot higher, so you can do the math simply by looking at our presentation and we’re working on that.
John Wren: The only thing I would add to that, Craig, is we’ve been fortunate to be winning business in that category. As I mentioned in my comments, Unilever signed two of its previous brands to us just recently, so net-net-net, we’re okay.
John Wren: In terms of our focus, I’ll refer you back to my prepared remarks where I said that our primary focus in pursuing acquisitions is in the area of data analytics, digital transformation and precision marketing across most of our practice areas. But to echo Phil’s point, we won’t throw reckless money at things we’re capable of building, so we’re very disciplined about the acquisitions we make. 
John Wren: Again, I haven’t studied Publicis’ media business. I was a little bit shocked to see it was in decline because earlier in the year, they won a couple of very large accounts. I’m not on the inside of it, so I can’t tell you the answer. They probably have suffered more than we certainly have because of their CPG clients and some of the changes that are happening there, but again I can’t speak for Publicis with any accuracy, so you have to take that comment with a grain of salt.  The Disney win is very important, but part of that win was business we already had, so it was incremental business that we received but we were able to defend our business very well. We’re very pleased with our relationship there and look forward to it growing as we go forward.
John Wren: I haven’t truly studied it that closely. I mean, technology changes what comes in house and what stays out at an agency. Oftentimes somebody was doing something with us and they decide to in-house, we follow them in-house to help them set up and grow, and that just enhances the relationship. But I think the most dramatic changes that we’ve noticed on in-housing has really been in the CPG area. Others do it, but they do it for a while, some of them do it for a while and then decide that they can’t do it and come back to us. It’s just a constant--
John Wren: Not that I could call out individually. We have always--in terms of talent, we’re always in search--we think we have the best talent in the industry and we’re always in an effort to acquire more of that better talent. In that regard, there’s a lot of recruiting that goes on within the industry. I don’t know if that quite fully answers your question, but--.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, there’s certainly some good businesses in the portfolio and several categories that we think are promising. They may not be on the top of our list of categories that we’re going to actively pursue acquisitions in, but there are parts of the portfolio that we continue to work very hard with management on to improve, and there are other parts of the portfolio that are doing just fine.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, we really haven’t seen any negative impacts of Brexit in our businesses at this point. We still certainly with our management teams keep a close eye on what the impacts might be, but nobody knows really when or if, never mind what the impact is going to be on our agencies themselves. But overall, we have a great portfolio of companies in the U.K. and they’ve been doing a great job for quite a while.
Philip Angelastro: On your last question, Julien, on net interest expense, the reference was quarter on quarter for Q4. We anticipate savings in 2020 as well, but I think that might vary a little bit for each of the quarters in 2020, based on how much of the benefit we had already achieved. So as we get closer to starting to plan for 2020, we’ll be a little more definitive on what those numbers are as far as an expectation in 2020. 
Philip Angelastro: I think the answer is we don’t really look at it that way. Each month, we don’t do a hard close like we do each quarter and at year-end, so while directionally we certainly are focused on the monthly results that our agencies submit, we’re also looking at their forecasts for full quarter and the year as we review the results with the companies, because the timing might vary month by month of when a project was completed or how the month played out versus last year, so we’re really focused on the quarterly results and the full year. I don’t think I would say there was anything significantly different month by month or year on year relative to each month in terms of how we look at the business.
Philip Angelastro: I think in our case, CPG relative to some of our competitors is not as large a component of our portfolio of clients, and I think our results are probably mixed with our CPG clients. Some of them have in fact--some of our revenues have in fact come down, and some of our revenues on other clients in the CPG space have gone up a bit, so I think it’s probably a mixed performance for us as opposed to one overall trend for all of our clients in that space.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I’ll start with the dispositions and then I’ll pass your second question onto John. As far as the impact in 2020 and 4Q19, 4Q19 I think in our prepared remarks, we said we expect dispositions to outweigh acquisitions by about 1.5%, so 1.5% negative in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter based on dispositions and acquisitions we’ve completed to date and in the past, the first quarter we expect probably is going to be somewhere around negative 0.5% and after that, it kind of flattens out. Our expectation is similar to our strategy that we’ve been pursuing pretty consistently, we’re going to continue to try and find accretive acquisitions and as many as we can find that are in line with our criteria in terms of it being a good fit with our existing portfolio of businesses and/or clients, it’s on strategy, and the pricing is fairly reasonable. We’re going to pursue those acquisitions and if we can do more, we want to do more. The expectation, though, is--or the number is just based on what we’ve completed to date. Our expectation is we’re going to continue to pursue those acquisitions and the goal would be for that number to turn positive again. In terms of just the second part of that question, the impact of those dispositions on our organic growth in the quarter in ’19, I’d say it really hasn’t impacted our organic growth one way or the other in a meaningful way. There might have been a little bit of a benefit, but not meaningful enough to call it out.
Philip Angelastro: Just one last point. I think in terms of some of the deals we completed recently, Credera, which has been with us for a little while now, has really worked out well. It’s been integrated into our precision marketing group and has grown quite nicely. To the extent that, as John said, we can find more deals in the areas that we’re particularly interested in, we’re going to pursue them.
Philip Angelastro: As far as when the transition exactly is going to benefit us, I’m not sure that it’s going to be any different than any other client situation. There will be a transition period and I think our intention will be to help transition what we don’t have as quickly as we can. A lot of that is based on how quickly the client wants the change to occur.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I mean, clients have been experimenting with in-housing for years. We expect they’ll continue to do so. With your question specifically geared toward media, there are some significant investments required and we made them and we’ve been making them over the last 10-plus years, and they’re not easy to duplicate. In our business, we’ve been looking to do more outsourcing to specialists who can do some of the functions that we’ve been performing internally more efficiently and effectively, so we don’t see this trend as much different than ultimately clients eventually going back to the specialists and the people that have made the necessary investments and that can get the scale and the skills to help them achieve what they’re trying to achieve. I think given the timing and the market is about to open, we have time for one more call.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I don’t think we’ve seen dramatic changes in terms of deal terms, and it certainly hasn’t eased if--you know, as a result of our competitors maybe being less active on the acquisition front.
Philip Angelastro: Dividends are a matter that our board considers on a periodic basis, and it’s something that we certainly discuss a few times a year. The board looks at it very seriously. We certainly want to be as consistent as we can in terms of our dividend policy and our capital allocation policy, and I think we think we’ve certainly done that. I don’t think we have any intentions of changing it in any significant way, but it is more of a board decision.
