John Wren: Good morning Alexia, I think its early days, with respect to programmatic; we’re just developing the skills and refining them. And the technologies come up really on board in the last 12 – 13 months, which enables us to better target our audiences. If what projections we read, and we’re told by our own media people are true, more and more media will be purchased in this fashion as we get into 2015 and into the future. We don’t have, at this point, because it’s so new, because these shifts are happening at such a rapid pace, we don’t have an accurate forecast to give you over the phone, as to how fast this business, which is currently 2% of our businesses is going to grow in the fourth quarter and throughout next year. But we’re very comfortable that it’s going to be at least double-digits. And with respect to margins, I don’t believe you attribute the margin decline of a tenth of a percent, to any one particular item. Phil mentioned a few, and we continue to invest in the very bright people that become available on the marketplace, when they become available on the marketplace. Because we know that they’ll pay huge dividends to our growth in the future.
John Wren: I don’t well, First of all, marketing budgets continue to grow, clients though, especially when it comes to TV, there has been, I’d say, a shift there’s like – when you look at traditional areas, like the upfront and the scatter markets, and you went back a couple of years, there was an urgency on the part of appliance to make certain that they didn’t miss out on the programming that they wanted. With all the various choices of how to reach the audiences you need to reach today, and our ability to do it, there wasn’t that urgency going into the first – to the upfront this year. And with respect to the scatter markets, I think you’re seeing money being diverted into other areas. I believe that trend will continue, I don’t think TV’s dead, I just think that there’s going to be a shift. And oddly enough, when you look at it, or when I look at it, as an investor, some of the people from – a great number of the people that own the content that we’re going to want to be able to use to put online, is part owned by, what you would refer to as the traditional media owners. So they may not get the money out of TV, they may get it out of some other source, but I just see the complexity changing some of the rules that were easy to live by in the past.
John Wren: Yeah, I mean if you’re comparing us to say, what Xaxis claims it does, we haven’t gone out yet and looked for non-Omnicom clients, nor gone out and purchased inventory in any meaningful fashion. We’re studying what they’re doing, and when I also listen to them, and I listen as carefully as I can, they claim to have a significant business in Xaxis in Europe, much more significant than ours. I view that as a huge opportunity that we have to sort through and because there’s no reason to believe that we can’t be impact full there as well. Yeah I think we –, it’s early days, so we’ve certainly been exploring a number of different approaches, but we’re only occasional – we’ve only occasionally, opportunistically moved forward on –David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: I’d just like to –. Thank you, guys.
John Wren: Well I think we follow GAAP and we’ve always tried to be clear and consistent and straight forward about it, but the vast majority of our media businesses, we act as an agent. So there is a difference in the model versus the Accuen model. And the Accuen model we agree to some specific advertiser performance objective’s up front, we agreed the price. And the price includes the whole package and the cost and execution risk is Accuen, so it’s not an agency model, so there is a difference there.
John Wren: I would agree, I don’t see more new money coming in to the overall spend I see a shift our objective through all of this is to improve the ROI of the money spent by our clients. And them achieving their objective of reaching customers and, technology allows you to do that when – we have traditional customers that are trading on trading desk that are embedded in our agencies. And there were just in the marketplace bidding against whoever else is out there. We also have an opt-in model where we are in a sense taking the risk of achieving objectives that the client laid out in reaching those audiences. One is more of a known to the client, one is since you don’t know who you’re bidding against at any given time. We don’t quite know what the environment’s going to be, so the accounting is pretty straight forward the accounting is defined by a bunch of people who sit behind GAAP and depending on, I’ve learned years ago simply to accept what they say, not to argue with they say. So I’m not sure if I’ve answered your question but it is an increasing area, where we can be more effective to the client’s dollars.
John Wren: Right and we are agnostic player in the marketplace, and as we move forward in some of our predictions come true, there are going to be couple of players, there’s always going to be Google, there’s always going to be Facebook. In all likelihood there always be WPP and then us who have the scaling and the source and we are agnostic we’re not attempting to sale inventory that we only mass. We are simply going after audiences but we know our clients’ needs to reach.
John Wren: Right now I consider both companies friends and not enemies there isn’t that much conflict between what we are trying to do and what they are trying to do. We are cognizant every day that could change at some point in the future but right now they are big clients of ours and we are big clients of theirs and we ventured into economically sound deals with both.
Phil Angelastro: One thing to add Alexia, we certainly did see an increase in programmatic demand beginning in the fourth quarter of last year, late in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. So we’re certainly aware of them this year, but optimistic about the growth in the future.
Phil Angelastro: I don’t have the number in front of me at the moment, but it was certainly – give me a second here and we’ll check it, I think that’s probably a good range. Maybe it’s a little on the high side, it’s probably more in the 5 or 6 range this quarter.Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Thank you.
Phil Angelastro: I think we’ve got a limited history with Accuen at this point, it’s relatively new, it’s obviously rapidly growing. We’ve been making some significant investments over the last few years here. We expect it’s going to achieve margin levels over time, similar to the rest of our media business, so we’re taking a longer term view on the business itself. And we’re very excited about the opportunity, but we’re trying to find the right balance for our overall business and for that business in particular. We do have some fulfillment businesses that we’ve talked about in the past, certainly in those businesses that they don’t require a lot of capital, they give great returns. And our primary focus is on EBIT dollars as opposed to the absolute margin percentage. So that’s certainly at any one quarter can have an impact on our mix.
Phil Angelastro: Sure, the partnerships, and there’s an over a 100 of them, are designed to do different things, and I’m sure that our technology partners won access to our systems. And therefore access to our client spending. From our perspective they offer technology that we are not a technology company but we are a user of technology and we look to partner with to the person at the time or in the period that can help us achieve our goals. Our goals are really to reach the right customer at the right time when they are in the right mood with the correct message. And all these various partnerships in one fashion or another are to refine our data and to back the information that we require in order to accomplish those things. And to your other question there aren’t any specific set of revenue sharing or payment streams these are partnerships which benefit both parties in terms of the task and the scope we’re asking each party to perform.
Phil Angelastro: And just add to that a little bit on the sales front Essentially the partnerships with CRM data sharing initiative that’s going to help us and – create more personalized communications to connect the dots between these marketing sales and customers service information, we think that agreement’s going to be a particular use for our CRM agencies, so it’s really about the data sharing. And on Facebook front, as John said it’s a partnership that’s going to provide our clients ultimately who choose to use – all the benefits of people based marketing. And being able to target and measure based on people in both online and offline measurement world, so it’s really getting access to the technology and the platform but again it isn’t the deal that has commitments on our side.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly we see them as partners and keep in mind no single media vendors sees the whole landscape quite like we do. And as John had said we are neutral third party, so we see search social display video, across all devices and we try to link the customers across all of them which not everybody can do.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah, in terms of size it’s definitely low singles on the low end of the low singles for Russia, back to your margin point. I think the profile hasn’t really changed we approach each of our agencies, each of our core operations and work with them to try and find margin that’s right for them. And again we’re focused on the margin dollars not just a percentage that you can’t really feel and touch. And we think great businesses, great returns and we’re happy to have them. They’ve been performing well on the whole over a period of time that they kind of perform similar to Omnicom overall I think probably little slower rate than we’ve seen in Accuen and the media business lately but we’re happy with their performance.
Phil Angelastro: Not yet the business has actually been doing well not just for the external environment in Russia the business has been solid, we haven’t seen any signs yet of that other than a slight slowdown and some excellent performance but it’s still performing really well. No reason to think anything is imminent.
