John Wren: Yes. Alexia, we have cycled through number of count losses from over a year ago. A lot of clients are in fact spending, not huge sums more, but they are spending money and I think that’s the trend that will continue as we go forward. And new business I mean we have been very successful just at the end of this quarter which is going to benefit 2019 greatly. We are still waiting a few more pitches which will be big contributors if successful with regard to those and those are supposed to get announced in November sometime. Though I am feeling good about the business, we have a lot of work to do. We are feeling good about it.
John Wren: Yes. I don’t know what information the reporter had been reporting what the reported did, but I am expecting the contribution to revenue in 2019 from those particular wins.
John Wren: Similarly, with the UK, the clients that we have had there were pretty specific to businesses that we have and they are no longer real mainstream businesses. We have a standalone research business that declined and we have pretty expensive field marketing operations still up in Northern England [ph]. And there was a slight decline in those that’s what contributed to that, didn’t have anything to do with the baseline economy.
John Wren: Yes. Normally when I start – in years passed when we compare to GDP we always did that on an annual basis not a quarterly basis. But I think there is a number of reasons that that’s happening. One, there are some structural changes which have occurred in the business which were especially in 2018 been adjusting to. What do I mean, programmatic business that was done by us outside in the past and had a fairly high revenue associated with it. Clients have decided to take that in house. They are doing it. Now we have gone in house with them, in most cases in the case of programmatic. We are still making roughly the same amount of money when you look at profit or EBIT, but the revenue number is different. There were a couple of client losses in the past and recycling through them, what else, some of our non-advertising businesses have individually suffered. Those are the ones that we have been looking at and selecting 18 this quarter that which we sold and there are still one or two more that we weren’t able to complete during the quarter because the buyers didn’t have proper financing. So when that occurs, they will occur, but there is nothing to concern yourself with because there will be some more properties associated with both, that’s about as much of a reconciliations I had in my head.
John Wren: No. I remain cautiously optimistic, especially again especially as we go into 2019 and my optimism is based primarily on two things – three things, one is we haven’t lost any large clients, so we are not – we don’t have any automatic headwinds going into the year. We have had some pretty handsome wins which should start to kick in, in the first quarter of next year. And our clients are – certainly most of them are not still looking to cut back, but they are looking to invest in their own businesses, so that’s what makes me optimistic.
John Wren: And finally, with respect to dispositions, as I mentioned a minute ago or two that we’d originally identified that didn’t get completed in the third quarter because the buyers didn't have financing in charge, but those conversations continue, they’re not very large, there won’t be much – they won’t impact the past numbers that Phil gave you. And as we look at the portfolio, there is nothing in the portfolio that I have a burning desire to dispose off. Most of our companies have been streamlined and we’re very happy with their performance or the future performance, but there will always be exceptions that pop up from time-to-time, and when we can get a fair price for companies that we no longer feel are strategic, we’ll act on it.
John Wren: Yes. I have to say that we – to-date we’ve only done accretive acquisitions, and if I’m comparing the price that prices of multiples we pay in 2018 than say 10 years ago, they’ve gone up a little bit, because you’re competing amongst not so much your typical competitors, but there’s a lot of PE money that has been out there. Now as the Fed starts to tighten up some of that money will start to dry up. So, should be at least stable as we move forward.
John Wren: At this point what we’re doing in that regard is not trying to reform say a sapient that’s not our intention. Our intention is to make sure that we have embedded as employees within the company in the right areas, the skills of any one of the major consulting firms that we can deploy to the benefit of our clients and future clients. That’s really it. And people that are skilled in the transformation of businesses as things will come only more digital as we move forward and people that we are looking to acquire are established people with their own reputations in the marketplace.
John Wren: Well. Yes, we do have a list, no I am not giving it to you over the phone. And it certainly is complimentary to other skills that we have within the company as we talk to our various clients, close to 5,000 and their challenges in transforming their businesses.
John Wren: I am pretty certain that it hasn’t disrupted in any way our mainline business that we are keeping. As I go through all the things we have disposed they weren’t part of our main skill sets that really are at the core of what Omnicom is and each one of them has been a standalone type of operation. So you are not impacting the managements at our subsidiary level.
Phil Angelastro: We would this quarter I think we view as have a lot more activity for sure than we typically do. The numbers, severance number that is essentially carved out in the non-GAAP column is the incremental severance number. So we typically expect to have and do have severance every quarter. Essentially that numbers in excess of our average severance, average quarterly severance that we have had in the last couple years, that’s in the $20 million or $20 million to $25 million range every quarter, so that numbers in excess of the average, it’s just the incremental amount. I think going forward as a business it’s always been continued to part of our business, it’s turn over, it’s changing our talent, etcetera. But certainly this quarter was much more extensive than our second quarter.
Phil Angelastro: I think you know I will take Germany first. So no we don’t see there is a broad economic issue in Germany in terms of what’s happened in the last couple of quarters actually. But I think Germany was on – our businesses in Germany were on a good run for quite a long time with quite a good growth rate. And I think that was just kind of natural slowdown there have been a couple of client losses, couple of businesses that have struggled that we have been working with through our networks and local management teams. So I think Germany itself in terms of our performance hasn’t been I wouldn’t chalk it up to the German economy slowing as opposed to the businesses that we have got and the client portfolios to be regenerated a bit and we are working with them to do that.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, the impact of acqu in this quarter was – it was down $7 million in the quarter, most of that was international and the U.S. was basically flat. As far as – I’ll take the margins and then maybe John want to touch on the disposition. So, we can – we continue to focus on EBIT dollars not the margin percentage. And I would say that the – overall, the expectation given dispositions that the revenue base is going to be down in our goal and target is to replace that EBIT through the actions we've taken in the third quarter, you can expect that the percentage will increase. And as a basket I think the smaller – the smaller dispositions beyond Sellbytel will probably a lower margin than our average and the bigger business was probably equal to or a little bit higher right around our average. So overall, even though we’re focused on the dollars, I think the net result is going to be the percentage would go up.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think similar to acquisitions, we don't have a disposition target or bogey that we then have our folks chase around to meet that target. So we’re going to continue to be opportunistic in the future.
Phil Angelastro: So, the savings I would say is going to be impacted by an awful lot of things. Certainly, we expect the net result of this take out some costs because ultimately we’re going to continue to pursue all the efficiency initiatives we've been pursuing, but we’re going to continue to look at what we need to invest to grow the business and some of the new business wins which we’ve recently – which have recently come in the door are also going to impact what the net savings are going to be. So, we don't have a specific number that we've carved out, there’s still quite a few moving parts to get to the ultimate savings number, but certainly, we've done this because the intention is to lock in those savings and pursue them in the future, we just don't have a quantified number to give you.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, if you took a similar approach to say what are the businesses that we disposed off during 2018, what was their growth while they were part of the portfolio. So for the – somewhere between six to nine-month period that they were part of the portfolio, they declined as a group probably in a similar fashion to what they did in the third quarter, somewhere I think not quite 40 basis points, but probably closer to 30 basis points. And probably three quarters of that where the vast majority of it impact our U.S. business, probably three quarters of that impacted the U.S. business or came from the U.S. businesses that were disposed in the third quarter.
Phil Angelastro: On the working capital front, I think certainly expect it to continue to benefit to the business. I think there’s no question as we’ve indicated in prior calls, it’s certainly as challenging as it’s ever been or more challenging than it’s ever been. Through the nine months we’re about flat in terms of working capital performance and that’s a hiccup in the most recent quarter, most recent two quarters from some negative performance earlier in the year. But I think neutral to benefit is where we see it going forward, but it does require quite a bit of work.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly complementary as opposed to – we don’t think we have a skills gap at all. We are looking to supplement and complement the businesses and disciplines and services that we currently provide our clients.
Phil Angelastro: We don’t see ourselves being excluded from currently or in the future key pitches at our largest clients and largest prospects because we don’t have the capabilities and we are looking to fill them. I don’t think we view it that way and are looking at the acquisition pipeline to kind of fill that gap.
Phil Angelastro: And certainly our senior most managers that run our networks and groups have been part of this process with us and part of determination of where we need to invest and where we need to move on.
Phil Angelastro: I think we have run out of time operator since the markets now open. So thank you all for joining the call and we will talk to you again soon.
