Randall Weisenburger: Thank you all for taking the time to listen to our earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We’ve posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning and a little more. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and the other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. I've also been asked to remind you that during the course of this earnings call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials posted to our website.  We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, the larger markets other than Spain performed pretty well. And we basically started getting less negative results across all of the regions that had sort of been negative throughout the year. So over the course of the year, the regions improved organically each quarter. This quarter, I think the standouts was probably just less negative in the negative regions. The U.K., Germany, France have been fairly steady throughout the year, pretty strong in a decent single-digit organic growth.
Randall Weisenburger: There's a number of initiatives other than the strategic review of the portfolio companies that we're going through as well, some real estate consolidations, some back-office consolidations. I think all of those efficiencies will help us get there as well. Yes, I think that's probably about it. We're pretty confident that we're going to be able to get there by 2012.
Randall Weisenburger: I'm not quite sure what you mean by financial parameters. I mean, we're looking for businesses that have solid management teams, businesses and management teams that we want to partner with on a long-term basis; companies that are dedicated to providing the quality and types of services that all of our companies are committed to; companies that want to work as part of the Omnicom family of companies in a coordinated fashion around our clients. And then strategically, we're looking, as John pointed out, to advance our footprint in some of the higher-growth emerging markets and to advance our technical capabilities around some of the new, I'll say, some of the new marketing technologies.
Randall Weisenburger: I think all of our acquisitions are accretive. Size parameters, we want companies that have the potential of being substantial businesses in their markets. Obviously, if you're looking at some of the smaller markets or emerging markets around the world, the size parameters today may be certainly smaller than the company is going to need to be to be an important player in, say, the United States.
Randall Weisenburger: And if you're looking at a company, say, in Vietnam, if it's a $5 million agency, it would be a very substantial agency. If you're looking at the United States, a $5 million agency is not necessarily a substantial agency.
Randall Weisenburger: As far as CapEx goes, the primary driver of CapEx for us is really office relocations and expansions. I certainly think in 2009, the numbers were low, with more consolidations and expansions and very few relocations. I think that was probably below a norm, so I think it'll increase from those levels. It did a little bit in 2010. It likely will increase a little bit in 2011. We're also constantly adjusting our mix of capital leases or operating leases and CapEx. That's really a matter of the financing markets. We're trying to get the best utilization of capital, and that mix moves back and forth a little bit year-to-year.
Randall Weisenburger: Based upon the acquisitions done, I'll say to date, which includes Clemenger, I think it will be up about $20 million.
Randall Weisenburger: With every quarter, keep in mind, there's a large number of sort of the three yards and a cloud of dust sort of wins. That gets us in that, hopefully in that $700 million, $800 million range. And then it's a matter of do you win a few big account that come up and, hopefully, not lose any big accounts that come up? If you're successful on the win side, you're going to get north of that $1 billion. If you get a couple of big wins, you can get high, like this quarter. Unfortunately, if you get a big loss, you're going to be slightly negative. This quarter was a good quarter.
Randall Weisenburger: Obviously, the companies that are in strategic review, let's put it that way, as opposed to planned divestitures, the companies that we're looking at and evaluating, they have lower margins. The companies that we've just completed the acquisitions of are very solid, very solid companies with margins at our, I'll say, at our average, maybe a little bit above our average. Above Omnicom's average. That could be a good gap between the two of them.
Randall Weisenburger: You also have to keep in mind acquisitions take time. They take time to identify, to do the due diligence, to integrate. Over the last couple of years, our management teams have been pretty busy, focused on their own businesses as well. It's also acquisitions don't come in sort of a smooth steady stream. They come when they come, and we do acquisitions when they're right to be done, when the due diligence has been completed and when people are confident about the integration. So we're always looking for quality companies. That's never really been any difference. It's been a matter of management time being able to dedicate to identifying and completing the due diligence and integrating those companies and the challenges that they've been faced in their own businesses and making sure that they've got their own cost structures and teams properly aligned.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's right. And frankly, if I had my preference, I'd like to see our incentive compensation increase as a percentage of revenue and increase as a percentage of our salary, basically continuously change that mix. The more that's in incentive, the more flexibility that we have. Let's see. Your second question was margin over the course of the year. I think that's probably right. It's going to take time to get those cost structures right. I think in the first half, we may well see some noise. We're going to have -- it's going be hard to figure out quite the timing, but we're going to have these charges that's going to be in the first and the second quarter. I think hopefully, most of that is going to be able to be executed in the first quarter. But it hasn't been completed yet, so I'm not 100% sure of that.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't have that total off the top of my head. I do know that it was up about $100 million in 2010 versus 2009.
Randall Weisenburger: Two things. The $587 million excludes working capital. With working capital, it was $237 million. So, one level, yes, we utilized some of the -- as we said before, we've de-levered the company in 2009. We said over time, we would likely put that leverage back between acquisitions and share repurchases, so we certainly did some of that in 2010. It was a very solid year from a cash perspective. I think our company has done an excellent job on working capital management, so I think it was pretty good. As far as your China question goes, we had an excellent year in China, up very strong double-digits. So north of 20%, north of 30% organic growth in China. So yes, we're very happy with our performance. That was for the year end. Frankly, the fourth quarter was equally strong for us. And our agencies, we've made a lot of progress in Asia, both from a growth perspective and quality perspective. John pointed out in some of his comments about awards, our Asian agencies pretty much dominated the creative awards and the media awards in Asia this year.
Randall Weisenburger: That's ultimately a board decision. We meet with the board quite regularly about capital deployment. I certainly think through the first quarter, we've got approval to continue to buy in shares with the closing of the Clemenger acquisition and the repurchase program. By definition, that means we're going to spend more of our cash than we're going to generate in the first quarter. Obviously, that decision can be balanced quarter by quarter as we go through the year. But right now, I would expect that we will, between dividend, share repurchase and acquisitions, spend more than our free cash flow this year.
Randall Weisenburger: Thank you, and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call. We'll talk to you soon. Bye-bye.
John Wren: The Chevy business is coming on board. The Chrysler business, it ended sometime in March. There's a little -- I think the official contract date, you're correct, was the end of February, but there's always work to clean up. I think for the quarter, the headwind is about $50 million.
John Wren: Yes. We certainly have some companies and areas targeted, and we're having conversations with them. They're principally in two areas. They're in developing markets, the Colombias, the Turkeys of the world, in addition to a few additional specialty acquisitions in areas in China. So there's a few things that we've been in discussion -- companies we've been in discussion with for a long time that we're progressing those conversations as we speak.
John Wren: I mean, I don't foresee acquisitions at the moment with revenues in excess of $100 million. If you wanted to book parameters, then it's probably a lot less than that given the markets that we're talking about.
John Wren: Certainly, commodity prices are affecting our clients. And we expect that that's a struggle that they'll face as we go through 2011. And we're empathetic to that. And you're correct. In many of the areas that are experiencing that, they're also facing fierce competition per share. So that's where we really come in.
John Wren: I think it's the latter as opposed to any specific client bottom-up build. 2010 was a great year. We don't have a full analysis yet as to the strength in the fourth quarter as to whether some of it was due to comps or some of it was due to budget, clients with budgets and wanting to spend the money to maybe increase their market share or increase performance. So at this point, we think it's -- until we see evidence to the contrary, we really fully expect to go back to what we could expect normally from a historic point of view, which is really to outperform GDP by 100, 200 basis points.
John Wren: Well, I think it's both. There were quite a number of accounts in review. We were successful in winning our good fair share of it. And the amount of business that's available to win is driven principally by the clients. They have to put their business into review for it to occur. So we're a victim of the marketplace. We continue to see new business activity at normal historic levels as we go into the first quarter. There's a couple of important accounts floating out there, and we expect more will be put into review as we go through the year.
John Wren: We feel confident about our plans and our platform. The acquisitions we're making are, we believe, very logical, sensible extensions of our business in the areas and markets that our clients are growing in and we need to get better representation. And we're always looking to improve our skill set, doing a buy versus build analysis on most new things that are emerging. And in a few cases, we've made the determination that it's better to buy. But we're not on a spree, by any standard. What we're doing is expanding in the emerging, developing markets really the next '11 and also backing up some of the success we've had in the BRIC markets.
John Wren: Year-over-year, I think discretionary incentives are up about $100 million in 2010 over the prior year.
