John D. Wren: Thanks, Peter. Below the line, these specialty service businesses that you're referring to are the most numerous within the portfolio of Omnicom. We're constantly looking at that portfolio to find out, gee, are they growing and are they growing in a particular market at a rate that we're satisfied with. And it's a constant evaluation. It's a constant review done by the people here at Omnicom corporate. It's also done by the people at DAS. And unlike most of the advertising and media assignments we have, they tend to be projects. They tend to be projects with existing clients who repeat a certain amount of spending every single year, but it's not as precise and it's not as predictable. So this year, we were particularly happy with our healthcare companies' growth that they achieved, but also the businesses that they've won, well, particularly critical in a very positive way of some of our PR operations. Some have advanced a lot further than others, and we've been spending the last several months getting everybody up to par. There's no easy answer. It's a constant battle. But I'd say on balance today, we're pretty comfortable with the portfolio in which we're going into next year with or into this year with.
John D. Wren: Well, Phil and I can share this. The world is, as it seems to be reported every single day, the U.S. continues to be strong and the markets that we reported growth are okay, but there are a lot of transition spots and weaker spots around the world. China is in a transition, although its business for us has been good. Brazil, we're expecting weakness and we're expecting the weakness to continue throughout 2016, even despite the Summer Olympics. So when we take a look at organic growth based upon what we've seen, we think 2016 can be very similar to what we experienced in 2015. And if we had to throw a number at it, we'd say it's 3% to 3.5% based upon what we know now.
John D. Wren: Okay, Julien. Our experience was that it's a new environment and with digital being a very much important component of what happens from a media perspective, and also the utilization of data and analytics of making decisions because of all the channels that are out there, so I'd say on balance, in the reviews we've participated in, pricing was not primary. It was really those capabilities, and whether or not the service provider, in this case us, was the correct partner moving into this next period which is very, very – it's interesting, it's exciting, it's changing very rapidly. And if you don't have the right capabilities, it's very difficult to catch up in a short period of time. So that's what our clients, I believe, were looking at. I also believe that there are probably some, especially on our wins who actually confirmed that separately and independently in the press. So that's a very strong feeling that I have. So I don't see pricing erosion, certainly not in 2015. My comments in my prepared remarks were such that we have not been informed or been notified of any opportunities or risks, other than a few minor accounts that are currently in review, and we're hopeful that we see a more normal year in 2016 where there aren't as many large media accounts put up for consideration. But at this point, preparing for that would be foolish. We're much better off being prepared to face the similar type of level. So until it's confirmed, I'd ask the market not to read too much into my comment. But we certainly stand ready.
John D. Wren: Right. Just one more comment, Julien. The clients that I would categorize as blue-chip clients, we're out there looking for the right partner. There is always clients out there looking for the cheapest price, but you'll find that their business goes into reviews quite often.
John D. Wren: Well, our relationships with both of those companies are very strong and they've only improved during 2015. We view them really as a partner, a neutral partner maybe, but they've assisted us in many things. They're not looking to provide many of the services that we provide our clients and we learned to work very well with them in most instances. I think clients are looking to us to be the neutral partner in evaluating whether or not we use the media that you'd find at Google versus the approach that you'd take at Facebook, and I think that's really – it's been a question in the past as to whether they were going to be our competitors or going to be an effective media way for us to reach consumers. And I think right today, I'd say it's settling in on them being a partner and clients increasingly depending upon us to do their planning and to do their buying off of their – whatever platforms are available.
John D. Wren: In recent conversations I've had with one of the two, but it's true both of them, is an early tell I think is to watch their employment numbers. How many people are Google hiring? How many people are Facebook hiring? And what type of people are they hiring? I think in earlier years, there was confusion as to whether they wanted to hire marketers or engineers. I have a very strong impression that as they look at their businesses, they're hiring more and more engineers every day than they are marketers who could potentially compete with us in any way.
John D. Wren: And with respect to China, the Chinese market is absolutely changing, but it's still growing at a really decent pace. And our market share in China, we have a lot of headroom. We have a lot of opportunities to win new business, both other multinational companies doing business in China, Chinese multinational companies which are looking to develop their markets in China and they then go outside of China, and in the major markets, the more successful domestic companies. So it's interesting conversation when we discuss what's happening with China and what's the impact of growing 7% in a year versus 5.6% a year. But we still have a lot of work and a lot of opportunity just in gaining market share in that market.
John D. Wren: First of all, I think the 13.7% based upon what I know today is inclusive of the impact of foreign exchange as we know it today. If we repeated – if we had another $1 billion impact because central banks went crazy, we've talked to you about it during the year, but based upon everything we know and everything that we've told you this morning is that those are our expectations. The reason for it is – Phil can chime in -- the revenue growth has been solid and has continued to be solid, but we've been able to take a lot of actions in a lot of programs which take a long time to get started, but once started, we are starting to realize the benefits of the things like real estate. I don't know what else you want to add, Phil.
John D. Wren: Well, our recruiting efforts have been very specific based upon our company needs and requirements, and we've had people on our list for a long time. And many of my network CEOs, who you don't have the occasion to speak to on a regular basis, have identified these folks have been working very, very hard. Now there's no question that changes in the laws in terms of what people can make at the bottom end of the equation, and as you get more and more of these analytical type of people, I'd say that maybe less creative, more – highly mass oriented type of folks, you are competing with some other companies that we traditionally haven't competed with. But so far we've been able to obtain and acquire and have joined Omnicom the people that we've looked for now.
John D. Wren: And finally, this is an intangible but I believe it really, really counts, and I always have, culture counts. When somebody gets down to making a decision as to where they want to spend their time, the culture of the organization they're moving into is a contributor as well as pay to amazing (1:00:07) decisions people make. So, so far so good. We're happy. We can always use more talented people. Those some extraordinary ones, you can drop me an email, but that's what we're doing.
John D. Wren: Sure. First, it will be different than if I was doing this in 1996. We have quite a number of hubs out there where we have a lot of talented people that that's what we're going to build around. There are key very important markets where there'll be standalone companies under this new brand, but there will be many other markets that the service level required by the particular client is not the same. And so that becomes an important factor. Plus, what's different today is our platforms for data and analytics are much easier to leverage over geographies than they were in the past. So that's what we'll be doing. And we'll be leveraging this next network based upon those key markets, and the various capabilities that are required to fully service clients in those markets. So I'd say unlike in OMD you'd find more hubs, other than some of our competitors, you wouldn't have an office say in every single country because we would be able to fulfill our clients' requirements through different means.
Philip J. Angelastro: And just add to that, your second question, Peter, the contribution in terms of growth from Accuen this quarter was about $45 million.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah. I think our expectations heading into the year are somewhat similar. We're certainly not sitting here today as very early in the year, very early in February committing to or I guess implying that the overall growth for 2015 will be the same. I think our expectations are the same sitting here in February of 3% to 3.5% organic. I think for us, we haven't seen a correlation between the discussions our agencies have been having with their clients with respect to what our clients' goals and strategies are in 2016 and what their spending might be at correlation to what's going on in the financial markets. I think the themes John touched on more broadly as far as the global economic situation and some pockets of uncertainty, those we expect will correlate a little more directly with what our clients ultimately decide to do. From a spending perspective, less so what's going on specifically in the financial markets over the last month or so. And I think time will tell whether the current volatility is a forecast of something that's going to impact the economy more broadly.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah. Sure. I think from our perspective, we don't expect any change in our capital allocation strategy. I think the dividend as we've said before is a board matter. It's certainly on the board's agenda. I think our expectation is they'll deal with it sometime in the near future at one of the next board meetings, in that their agenda has been a little crowded with plenty of things as it always is, but we expect they'll get back to that evaluation and consideration as it relates specifically to the dividend. As far as the rest of our strategy, I think our perspective is going into 2016 more of the same. To the extent we can find acquisitions that fit strategically, culturally and pricing makes sense, we're going to continue to look to do more acquisitions rather than less. We expect that activity will pick up. We closed the Grupo ABC deal in the first quarter of 2016. And we've got a pipeline that we continue to pursue. To the extent deals happen, we'll have less free cash to use to buy back shares. To the extent the deals don't happen, we'll continue to deploy the cash through share buybacks as we have pretty consistently.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah. I think we go into 2016 trying to be prepared for what we wouldn't be surprised if more reviews occur than maybe the pace of reviews two years and prior, I don't think we're sitting here saying it's an expectation or we've got some information directly from either clients or potential targets that would lead us to conclude that it's imminent. But certainly, we want to prepare ourselves and our businesses to be ready to compete on that basis. And overall the more and more complexity there is in the landscape – media landscape, the more clients are looking for a provider with what we think we've now demonstrated in some of the wins that we've had, we've got the capabilities, we've got the right people, we've made the right investments. And the more complexity, we think the better off it's ultimately going to be for our business.
Philip J. Angelastro: I think probably right now, we're looking at about $100 million of net acquisition growth, or acquisition growth net of dispositions based on everything we've completed to date. We're going to continue to look to find and close more deals as I said before. And we're always constantly reevaluating our portfolio and making sure we've got the right business mix and the right strategic assets. And if we don't, we're going to look to prune the portfolio of businesses that either aren't on strategy or are not performing to the point where we think that's appropriate to make a disposition.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah. We certainly see our clients looking to us to help them make the evaluation across the various media options that they have. Google and Facebook are certainly huge players in the digital space, so they're part of any and every evaluation that we do on behalf of our clients. But I don't think our clients have reached a comfort level or reach a comfort level where they're just willing to turn over a big part of their budget to Google and Facebook directly and feel comfortable that it's going to fit into their overall strategy in a consistent way.
Philip J. Angelastro: Well, I'll take the new business one. So the overall number was probably just shy of $2 billion, but that included a large number on the P&G front. So I think the number from our perspective, although we don't place a great deal of weight on a billings number, a new business billings number, was probably in the neighborhood of what we would typically expect our businesses deliver on a typical quarter.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah, I think overall, given what's going on comes down to your individual client base. Our clients, the majority of our clients, certainly in our agencies in China, are large multinationals who are trying to grow their business in that market. And we think they tend to be a little bit more stable, and that's just a little bit of a difference in terms of the mix of our business versus some others. And I think overall, it's probably not the worst time to be under-indexed in the Chinese market. Our focus has always been on the quality of the agencies that we have in that marketplace, and agencies that can meet the requirements of our clients in a satisfactory way and it hasn't necessarily been on quantity.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah. Certainly, we're focused on real estate, technology, back-office administrative costs, and a few other areas. I think John's right, they do take a while to get started. But the goal for us is to make sure that the efficiencies that we implement are sustainable. And that's what we've been pursuing for the last while here, and we're going to continue to pursue it in the future. And although we think we're pretty efficient in all of our operations overall, we know we're going to continue to try and improve in the area of efficiency and effectiveness as it relates to the cost base. And that's certainly the plan. On the FX front, just to echo what John said, a typical year for us we would expect is plus or minus 1% or 2% in terms of FX impact. And if things continue in that zone, we're certainly comfortable with our current expectations. If things go back beyond that to where we were this year, although it depends on where the FX negatives occur, I think we'll reevaluate it as the changes occur.
Philip J. Angelastro: Yeah, certainly more of an ongoing component of the business day to day as opposed to when we get a win, we then start thinking about where do we find these people or we have a need. The businesses start thinking about where do we find these people. I think it's much more embedded in the ongoing business operations.
