Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, first of all, the answer is no, there is no way for us to break out how much of the improvement is a result of cost savings initiatives as opposed to efficiencies, which this is really based on increased utilization at each of the individual agencies. We're probably somewhat indifferent to where the results are coming from. We're certainly looking for efficiencies on a continuous basis. We're also looking to improve the utilization rates at every one of our agencies. So we'll probably leave it at that.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We are -- it is worth noting, we are cycling on a different comp in the fourth quarter of last year. If people remember last year, in the fourth quarter, we had a significant step-up in organic growth versus the prior couple of quarters. So we have to take that into consideration thinking about the year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, we'll take it month by month. We'll see how the acquisitions go. But last year going, I guess probably in the fourth quarter going into fourth quarter, we talked about utilizing the deleveraging that we had done in 2009, we said that we are going to spend about $1 billion of additional free cash flow between the fourth quarter of last year and 2011. We're basically there. At this point in time, we spent about $1 billion after free cash flow between the fourth quarter of '10 and the first 3 quarters of '11. So now, we have a conversation with our Board, evaluate our acquisition opportunities, et cetera, and we'll go from here.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Absolutely. And you can tell from our track record over the past 12 months between dividends and share repurchases, we've returned to shareholders about $1.7 billion.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think that's right. I think we're tracking on plan and I think we're doing -- I think our agencies have done extremely good job in 2011. In addition to the results that they've achieved in 2011, they've laid the groundwork for making further progress in 2012. So I don't -- I haven't seen anything that would change our confidence levels about achieving those objectives for the full year of 2012.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The answer is yes. The good news about Omnicom is we're a large number of small numbers. There are very large number of initiatives that are going on all the time, some are in later stages and some are in very new stages. And with the number of innovative people that we have throughout our agencies, new ideas are coming up continuously to keep the progress going forward. So yes to both.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't know that it's worth calling out. Severance was up fairly significantly this quarter versus last year this quarter. We tend not to call those things out too often. But I think right now, overall, we're tracking very well.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Part of what we're also seeing in the international markets, we pointed this out really at the end of 2010 that of what we expected was going to happen in 2011. The emerging markets have continued to be very strong growers. They were -- they had very strong growth last year as well. Some of the other markets that were fairly significantly negative last year have come back to neutral to, I'll say, marginally positive. That's allowing the faster-growing emerging markets to drive the overall international number that much more, their positive impact being felt more regularly. I think, very few markets in Europe were negative this quarter. That certainly wasn't the case in 2010.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we've been managing -- trying to manage very tightly all year. As I pointed out, there's a number of initiatives that have been going on in various stages of completion in various markets around the world. We're comparing 2 numbers that are 12 months apart, so we're comparing -- I say severance was up significantly. That's Q3 of this year versus Q4 of last year. It's really a matter what was happening in each of those quarters. Again, we're constantly taking different actions at different points of time. And the part of the reason we don't generally break them out is because it's just -- many times, it's just timing.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There, I think we've seen -- and healthcare is the largest sector in specialty. Those are our specialty healthcare agencies. As I pointed out, healthcare overall was up 2.5%, 2.6% in the quarter. So the overall category's doing fine. I think we're seeing or felt in this quarter some spending shifts from some of our specialty agencies maybe into some of our, I'll say, more traditional agencies or network agencies.
Randall J. Weisenburger: It's really too early to tell. I mean, we -- I've said this for a number of years. When we start looking at individual country markets and we're looking at year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter growth rates, some relatively small movements can adjust those numbers pretty significantly. John pointed out, the growth in the U.K. market isn't that the U.K. economy is growing that significantly faster than everywhere else in the world. It's our agencies within the market have done a very good job on new business front. Some of that new business has happened at varying times, so when it's going to cycle is hard to say. It could be specific client spending or client actions. Most of this will tend to average out over time. Fortunately, our agencies in the U.K. are extremely strong and are performing very well at this point.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think so. I mean, the higher the organic revenue growth, obviously, will be a little bit easier, but it's really dependent upon where that organic revenue growth is coming from. We would probably be the happiest if we had uniform organic revenue growth everywhere and a stabilized to improving economy globally. We're probably not going to be lucky enough to have that but we can always, I guess, wish for it. I think our agencies, again, are doing extremely good job at controlling their costs and starting a number of initiatives that are driving their efficiencies. We're pretty confident that if the market or the economies tend to continue to make positive progress, that we're going to be able to achieve those objectives. If for some reason, there's a significant double dip that's going to be much more difficult. That's not what we're expecting to occur, though.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Right. mathematically, on your -- to your analysis, which I've had this conversation with a number of investors, I'm not 100% sure that I buy into the 2-year analysis, but I know some of you guys do. Our fourth quarter organic growth in the U.S. last year was very strong. If the 2-year analysis worked, if our underlying performance was the same, the year-over-year measured performance, the sequential performance of the agency stayed the same and everything is kind of moved along from third quarter to fourth quarter, the year-over-year measurement would be down; if that's what you're addressing. If the year-over-year measurement stays the same, it would mean an equally large organic growth in the fourth quarter to last year's fourth quarter. I don't suspect that will be the case. Last year, in the fourth quarter, I think more of that project revenue returned to normal, and we saw a fairly large step-up from Q3 to Q4 in organic growth. I don't think we'll see that year-over-year step-up certainly in the fourth quarter this year. As you do your 2-year analysis on a year-over-year basis, it should step down a little bit if the actual performance stays in line with what we've just seen in Q3.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I really don't believe the 2-year analysis works as we get to smaller and smaller markets. I think when you get -- the U.S. is, obviously, a very large market and it's very diversified, so maybe that 2-year analysis works here. As we move down further and further, John pointed out in his comments Netherlands. So you get a client movement in the Netherlands, it can be a very significant impact on the Netherlands that has nothing to do with the economy in the Netherlands. That's a global account that was being run out of the Netherlands that got moved to another one of our markets that in the market, they got move to that account change wasn't big enough to really move the needle. But in the Netherlands, there was very much big enough to move the needle, especially on a quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year kind of basis. So again, I'm not 100% sure the 2-year analysis works. I'm almost positive it doesn't work in the smaller market analysis. It may make some sense in a market that's big enough like the United States.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we said that we are going to get back to the dollar amount of leverage that we had in sort of the 2008 time frame. We levered the company about $1 billion in 2009. We -- through the first 3 quarters of 2010, we basically spent our free cash as we normally do between dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases, then we stated I believe it was sometime in the fourth quarter of 2010 that we would put that $1 billion of a leverage back in place. We've largely done that at this point. From here on out, we have constant conversations with our Board of Directors and we're going to be constantly evaluating, I'll say, our leverage positions relative to our operating performance in the backdrop of the marketplace. I don't think we have a perspective that we're going to increase leverage. I certainly don't think we're going to be increasing leverage in a dramatic way. We are very confident with the stability of our business. The operations performed extremely well even in the 2009 time frame, so I think we feel very comfortable where we're at and we'll continue to evaluate.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And in some respect, it's a long-term game, that the proactive -- the most proactive piece that our agencies do is the development of their talent. We certainly feel that we have the best agencies in the industry in almost every country. But it's the focus on that talent development that on a long-term basis allows us to hopefully continuously win share and become a better and bigger partner to our clients. We have a time for maybe one more question.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Also, experience plays a big role there. This is a fairly new area for everyone. It's really been around for maybe it's a couple of years. We're also extending the spot that we're looking for talent, bringing in a range of expertise from mathematicians and data analysts and technologists, as well as people that have experience in marketing and new technology medias. And as far as custom technology versus standard platforms, I think with a lot of things with Omnicom, the answer is both. We're certainly developing a platform that allows us to be flexible around specific client needs. And there's an awful lot of learning that is going on with each client engagement and the experience that our people are getting. I think that was about all the time we have. So thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call.
John Wren: In emerging markets, I think we're benefiting at the moment by both. We are expanding -- in markets, we're growing our presence. And as a result, we're regaining both local clients, but more importantly, we're gaining additional assignments with clients that we have existing relationships in other parts of the world. That against the backdrop of, it's an expanding market. With respect to your second question on margin improvement -- for the revenue, this is part of an overall effort on the part of the company, so...
John Wren: We didn't see any great variance between any of the months in the quarter in response to your first question. Right now, based upon the information that we have, business is still holding up, people are still confident in marketing. We listen to the news though every day as everyone else does, and so we remain optimistic but cautious.
John Wren: It's too early to tell. I mean, at this point, we're progressing talking to people, and that's a rather fluid conversation once you get into those months. A lot has to do with the macroeconomic backdrop in which you're having the conversations. And so we're yet to have them.
John Wren: At this point, we will -- I'm not comfortable making a prediction for the fourth quarter. But at this point, for 2012, for the full year, we're still pretty confident that we're going to hit our objectives of getting back to that 2007 level based upon what we know today and the actions that we've taken up until today.
John Wren: There wasn't anything terribly unusual. It's part of an overall effort. As Randy said I think in the call, the growth is really the result of new business, the result of growth of our existing clients. And oftentimes, it's mitigating against the loss of clients as well. So we're seeing pretty strong growth across the board except for a couple of markets that haven't fully recovered like Japan. Having said that, the fourth quarter, we're on track as we sit here today. We do this every third quarter call. Just to remind you that there's always a bit of revenue in the fourth quarter that we can't predict because of the way people spend and finish up their budgets, and that doesn't really become obvious to us until sometime in mid-November. But we don't see anything negative today other than macro headlines, and that hasn't yet gotten reflected in clients' spending habits.
John Wren: Nothing measurable at the moment. Obviously, given the headline risks of what's going on in those marketplaces, we watch it every day, and it's subject to change every day. But based on what we know right now, we're simply cautious about it.
John Wren: No, I think that's our performance in the market. I don't think it's reflective necessarily of the U.K. GDP.
John Wren: Yes. And slightly in healthcare in terms of what you're seeing in the quarter, the effect of 1 or 2 losses that some of our specialty agencies suffered earlier in the year impacting the numbers for the third quarter.
John Wren: I don't think I could categorize specific conversations the way you just did. In the aggregate, every company is trying to be nimble, every company is trying to do it better, cheaper, faster. 2008, at this point, 2009 was a long time ago. Circumstances, this time around, I think they're slightly different than what they were then, and so the solutions are going to be different. But we haven't have -- I haven't had conversations other than individual conversations that would rise to the level of being able to comment on your comment.
John Wren: First questions first. Since every fourth quarter there is that $300 million to $400 million. And since over -- slightly over 50% of our businesses is in the U.S., believe me, whether when and how that comes in has an impact on whether you're at 5.8% or 5.7% organic growth, we don't get that granular at this point in our planning.
John Wren: And then when you get into specific countries, I mean, this quarter, our performance was $3.4 billion or approximately, $10 million changes the specific organic growth of a particular country. I mean, that's how granular the numbers get.
John Wren: We don't know a single individual company I can target and say we're winning share from X-Y-Zed. New business, the way it works in the industry, is you're invited and you can't trigger accounts putting in, having accounts put into review. So we're -- it's a pretty reactive type of process and then you try to do the best as you can. Where you are proactive is in saving accounts and preventing accounts that you already service from going into review. So it's a very fluid quarter-to-quarter situation, and it depends on individual advertisers electing to review part of their businesses.
John Wren: Well, I, but the people that are responsible are aggressively hiring people with all sorts of talent, and we're finding that, all the expansion that we do in this area pays for itself very, very quickly. We've expanded our capabilities, which were started in -- were primarily based in the U.S. to Asia in the last 7 or 8 weeks, I think. We've got it up and running. And there are expansion plans going on in Europe as well. So there's hiring in all 3 of those places. Now the way we're getting to technological solutions is really a combination of us developing platforms, which work across quite a number of clients, and then specifically working with partners to create solutions, which in part are customized for specific clients.
