John Wren: Flywheel is important in a number of areas. First and foremost, they're the only fully integrated retail commerce cloud platform that's out there. Everybody else can do a piece or two, but the company we acquired that Duncan put together, we did it over a six year period and integrated quite a number of component companies, and it came together shortly around the time that we announced it. What they have is an incredible amount of knowledge and information about how people transact and do business on online e-commerce basis. And not only here domestically in the United States with things you're probably familiar with like Amazon, Walmart, Target, but also in China, in Alibaba and I forgot the other one, but -- and they -- so they have a global presence. They're right at the cutting edge of people buying online and using e-commerce. And that area is according to forecast scheduled to just grow exponentially over the next several years. What it allowed us to do as well is to combine the Commerce Cloud, which looked at the retail sales aspect of what happens when you're are trying to market something to someone, it enables us to connect to Omni Assist. So we can go all the way from identification, brand building, audience building, all the way through to the actual sale that occurs in a local e-commerce environment and there's no one else can do that. And I think based upon our study and our due diligence prior to the deal, we don't think there is anyone out there who even competes with the information that Flywheel has and the platform that they're operating in, that gives us tremendous opportunities to grow with the market as it grows. It also has turned our attention to how do we optimize this information for the benefit of our clients and you'll see occasionally, we now refer to ourselves as a marketing and sales company rather than simply an advertising and marketing company. And that's because we can go end-to-end legitimately for the very first time. In terms of its growth, because e-commerce, we're focused primarily here in North America tends to be a fourth quarter -- third quarter, fourth quarter company. The fourth quarter is classically the weakest quarter for them, and it accelerates as we go through the balance of the year.
John Wren: There's areas we're focused on, I don't think I'll discuss Targets. So I'm done negotiating for them. But, yeah, as I said in the call, there are a few areas that are showing exceptional growth. It's in MarTech and transformation and also in content production, automation of content production and opportunities which geographically fill out our services in that area and also from point of view. In terms of specific big Flywheel type of acquisitions, we’re not looking at anything of that magnitude at this moment. So we’re focusing in on growing and also transforming much of our own business for the opportunities that we see the new technology and the marketplace offers
John Wren: Hold on. And on that, Adam, we're not focused at all on what the margin impact is in the first quarter that they joined our company. We're incredibly pleased at speed in which and the progress we've made in integrating because we're looking at the benefit that it is going to bring to the Omnicom moving forward. So we don't do that kind of waste time really on that type of activity. And the third question, if you could repeat it for me. I think, I know what it is, but...
John Wren: I'm just going to make a general statement and Phil can fill it in. We're very happy with the growth that we've seen for sure. And that group has been growing very strongly for the last two years every quarter. So in any particular quarter, it's up against very difficult comps and we expect it to be -- continue to grow throughout the balance of this year, so.
John Wren: Sure. In terms of the forecast, I think what we said in the fourth quarter was that we're giving you the range of 3.5% to 5%, saying that we're -- in the first quarter, we were still cycling through some client changes from the prior year. And that once we get into the second quarter and beyond, we were far more confident that we weren't facing any significant headwinds as we continue to grow the business. And as it turned out, the fourth quarter came in at 4%. So it seems very logical for us to remove that bottom end caution, I guess, at this point, and still feel that subject to macroeconomic changes in the world, I've seen a lot of them in the last couple of weeks, we're confident that we have the right product, right approach towards clients and our management teams are very strong and focused. So we have more confidence, and that's why we lifted the bottom end of the guidance up at this point.
John Wren: Well, I wouldn't forecast it quarter-to-quarter. And I think I said in the previous answer that we expect it to be low double-digits at this point, and that was included in coming up to our overall guidance of 4% to 5%.
John Wren: That business is healthy at this point. I think we haven't seen any headwinds at all. If [indiscernible] others are referencing to, it probably has more to do with their specific clients' plans and impact economies having on those clients than an industry or a segment type of answer.
John Wren: So Tim, so explain it – just another way to look at it is that Flywheel did hypothetically 102 this first quarter and last year before we owned it, it did 100, the 2 would be an organic calculation not the 2, just the 2.
John Wren: Yeah. I know. The one thing you count on, Tim is, I've been here longer than you, and we've always done it the same way.
John Wren: Well, things are in line for certain. And things are -- certainly things that we expected to grow are growing. And so the confidence is every week passes just gets more reassured as we go through the year. And at this point, looking at the new business activity that's in front of us for the next several months, we're defending very little at this point, and we have opportunities on quite a number of big brand names. And if our batting average holds up, as we go into the future, we'll take our fair share of that, which won't have too much of an impact as we get later in the year in terms of '24 numbers. But overall, it helps the health of the business, our confidence. And it will certainly give us a wind at our backs for next year as we move into the end of the year and into next. So all the signs at the moment are very constructive, and we're making a lot of progress on a lot of different fronts.
John Wren: And it's a much longer conversation. But if you think through the technology, if you're in a competitive industry and the tech is way further than it is today, the competitors simply ask the same questions to reach the same consumers. They're all going to get the same answers. So it's not going to differentiate anybody. What brings the difference to this is the creative minds that we're able to attract in Omnicom and apply to those client challenges and objectives.
John Wren: Sure. Yes. It's more -- I'd answer it a little bit differently. Because we've cleaned up the portfolio, and there's always work to do, but not nearly as much work as we've done in the past, because we've cleaned up the portfolio, I think the products and the offerings that we have today are really market leading. And as we expose them to the marketplace and our clients and probably do a better job, actually, of marketing Omnicom and its products to the world, I do think that it will sustain our organic growth going forward. I have enough difficulty giving you guidance for the balance of this year. So I don't want to get too far ahead of my shoes, but I'm very confident that that we're going to be the most appropriate supplier in the marketplace with the type of activities that clients are looking to buy from a group like ours. And so with that confidence, that's just not me and what we buy or what we integrate, that is really reflective of the management teams that work on the various aspects of Omnicom and are executing and delivering our products worldwide. But at the end of the day, it comes down to those people, the products that we make available to them. But the creative genius and innovation that they bring to improving that product on a constant basis. So yes, I'm bullish, I guess.
Philip Angelastro: So just on, Cameron, on margins short-term and long-term, the integration process continues. It's going very well, integrating Flywheel into all of Omnicom's operations. And as we've said back in the call in February, we expect Flywheel's margins will be approximate Omnicom's average margins by Q4 of this year, and we expect overall results to be accretive, excluding the amortization that was added as part of the deal, also by Q4. Longer term, we expect the deal or the business to be accretive to Omnicom's overall average margins over the long run, for sure.
Philip Angelastro: The flywheel growth number, Adam, we're not breaking it out. Yeah, we don’t individually. I think the underlying Precision Marketing discipline prior to Flywheel being added to it certainly grew this quarter. Flywheel also had very good growth this quarter. But in terms of breaking out the business itself, where we haven't and aren't going to break out individual businesses going forward either.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. And then margin -- you had a margin question without Flywheel, what would the first quarter margin have been or would it have been flat? I think, there's a lot of moving parts to operating profit and operating margin and EBITDA margin, etc. Certainly, Flywheels margins are lower than the Omnicom average margin, and there's certainly some integration costs in the first quarter. We didn't go back and do the actual calculation, so of how much was the impact of Flywheel as a negative to Flywheel on our EBITDA margins. But I think it's hard to say, would they have been flat, I think they're down about 30 basis points. It's not that big of a number. So the answer is probably, yes. Certainly, there are a bunch of costs associated with the integration. And I think the last....
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. We tend -- when one of the disciplines goes from 9% growth to 7% growth, it doesn't bother us all that much, certainly because the 9% was quite a performance, excuse me, 7% is also very strong performance. We're happy with that as well. So we haven't spent a lot of time trying to pick out the differences between that 2 percentage point swing between Q4 and Q1. But a lot of times, Q4 is unpredictable. There's lot of project spend in Q4 for the media business as well as all the disciplines. So it isn't that surprising for Q1 to take a little bit of a step down from Q4 in our history.
Philip Angelastro: The other question was the range -- the outlook for Precision in 2024 as you go from quarter-to-quarter.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. We certainly see – especially, as John had referenced earlier in the call, Flywheel is kind of weighted towards the end of the year in terms of its performance relative to the retail cycle. Certainly, we see it improving as the year goes on in terms of the growth rate.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I'll start with the organic growth, Tim. So we've always done the calculation consistently. So when we do an acquisition and in this case, Flywheel, we spent over $800 million of capital to acquire the company. We're responsible for the results, and we're measured on the results post-acquisition. So included in the results is Flywheel's organic growth. The acquisition revenue number reflects their prior or in the calculation, the acquisition revenue from the prior year is used as a measure to determine what the growth is based on the current year's revenue. So you take the current year revenue and compare it to the prior year revenue, if it grew, it's part of the organic growth. If it's negative, it's part of the organic growth. We've never excluded acquisitions from that calculation. And we don't see why you would exclude them for the first year in any way. I think we're responsible for the growth as part of the calculation. So we haven't changed the calculation and how we go about doing it.
Philip Angelastro: So it's in the reported growth and the incremental growth over the prior year, the 2 in John's example, that's what's on the organic growth line.
Philip Angelastro: The balance is on the acquisition line. So on the acquisition -- if you're looking at the chart in the presentation, the acquisition revenue is the 100 and the organic growth number is the 2.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah. All the Flywheels and Precision Marketing. We are trying to split up an operating company between disciplines is certainly very challenging and especially Flywheel's business.
Philip Angelastro: So your question on creative versus media creative this quarter was roughly flat. We expect the rest of the year to improve in the advertising -- creative advertising agencies. It's still core to what we do, and it's really Omnicom's DNA. It does go beyond -- creative does go beyond advertising though. And there are certainly very different agencies than they were just a few years back as they continue to adopt new ways of working using current technology and some of the things we talked about, and John talked about on his prepared remarks, in terms of the content supply chain, etc., they're a big part of that. So we're optimistic that they'll be in a growth mode as we go through the rest of the year.
Philip Angelastro: I think it's probably a combination of each of those just even though it's a lot of different things, but there's certainly been a lot of change in those businesses recently. And I think we're probably not that much different than anyone else.
Philip Angelastro: And your second question, Michael, similar -- how intense is the CapEx commitment similar to the Omni platform, we need to continue to develop the Flywheel Commerce Cloud platform, and we intend to do that certainly with Flywheel and lead. But in terms of scale, while similar to Omni, we expect an increase in CapEx spend. But we wouldn't say it, we expect it to be dramatic. It's going to be an increase, but a very manageable increase because as we said before, Flywheel went through a significant period of time, probably 12 months to 18 months to integrate its back end platform or platforms, some of which are part of prior acquisitions into one integrated Flywheel Commerce, call it, platform. The vast majority of that work was done prior to when we announced the deal in October of '23. So most of the work at this point going forward, similar to Omni is on building enhancements, incorporating new technology and keeping the platform at the leading edge. So we don't expect it to be dramatic, but certainly, it's an investment that's well worth making for us.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. So as we've done for well over 10 years, we built out the Omni platform, we built it out through internal investments. And some of our competitors actually went out and did acquisitions, bought somewhat similar assets in terms of data analytics and other technologies similar to the omni platform. And in terms of comparing what amortization gets added back or not, we think the reality is whether we acquire it or we build it ourselves, you'd want to look at that amortization of the investments that you've made, and that would be the appropriate amount to add back. In terms of rough order of magnitude, if you look at the total, if you look at the total of the add back related to acquired intangibles and internally developed strategic platform amortization, that's about 75% of the total. And the non-acquisition amortization is about 10% or 15% of that. So it's not a large proportion of the number. But about 25% of the total relates to administrative amortization expense related to administrative intangibles things like ERP systems and workflow systems, etc. So we think that's an appropriate and probably most comparable way to look at the numbers compared to some others in the marketplace.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. So the approach to margins hasn't changed much over the years. We're always trying to find the right balance between growing the business in a sustainable way, making the appropriate investments in the business for the future. So Omni and Omni platform is a great example of that and balancing that with an appropriate margin and return to shareholders. So as it relates to 2024, certainly, we've got some -- an integration process to go through with Flywheel, as we said, going really well, but more to be done. We do expect to continue to make the investments we've been talking about with respect to the Omni platform and ongoing investments in Flywheel and Flywheel Commerce Cloud and ultimately, we see some opportunities with our cost structure being flexible to be part of the equation and how to maximize margins overall. We're looking at the long-term health of the business continuing to make those investments, that's part of what goes into the ultimate end result when it comes to margins because really, we're trying to grow operating profit dollars, not just hit a percentage. So I think the Flywheel transition and integration certainly a big part of it, along with continued investments in Omni and the Flywheel Commerce Cloud platform and AI balanced with some benefits coming from other initiatives we continue to pursue, whether it's the real estate portfolio, offshoring, near-shoring, etc., all of that is factored into the equation. And that's how we reach the expectations we have as we look out at all of 2024.
Tim Nollen: Hi. Great. Thanks very much. I feel like I'm going back many, many years with this. But could you please remind us what your organic growth calculation is, i.e., your organic growth in the quarter, obviously, your organic growth, does that include Flywheel's organic growth as well? And then when does it become part of your reported growth? Is it 12 months after? I think that's right or do you actually go a full year after it has been already integrated? Hope you understand that question. Secondly, also, I'd like to just to ask another Flywheel-related question. Your branding and retail commerce number was down, I think, 3.8% organic in the quarter. I think you pointed to particular items on the branding side. I'm just wondering, if there is any Flywheel business in that retail commerce portion? And then tying back to the first question, if there was organic growth there. Thanks.
Tim Nollen: All right. It's been a long time since you've done an acquisition of this size, so I'm forgetting how you do the accounting for it. So thanks for the explanation.
Tim Nollen: Okay. Great. And then lastly, on the retail commerce proportion of the branding number, is there a Flywheel in that or is that all in Precision Marketing.
