Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. But before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included on Page 1 of our Investor Presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are of present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. And following John's remarks, we'll review our financial information for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger: This seasonality -- we do have seasonality across the different quarters. I think our improvement, probably a little bit back-half weighted, and we'll probably track our normal seasonality but I don't -- it shouldn't be a lot of back-half weighted. As far as geographic growth, I think there's a number of things to keep in mind. First of all, individual agency performance really supersedes the economy. If an agency goes out and, through its innovation and creativity, can grow its relationships with its existing clients, find new clients, then the economic backdrop, while it's always a factor, is really overwhelmed by the performance of the agency. So we're certainly looking to all of our agencies to use their creativity and energy to build their businesses, I'll say, despite the economies. The other thing I think that's important to keep in mind is that a large percentage of our client base are multinational clients. So they are connected. The economies around the world are linked up through those individual clients.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, I don't think buybacks will approach $1 billion. We'll see. We made a commitment at the end of 2010, to between 2010 and 2011, put that $1 billion of leverage back. If people recall, in 2009, we delevered the company about $1 billion. So we decided at the end of '10 and '11 to put that back. So last year's share repurchases ended up where we overspent our free cash flow by about $450 million. We've basically committed to spending all of our free cash flow on the combination of dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. We haven't committed to go past that.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. I think the quarter came in, basically, as we expected, a little bit of a higher organic growth than we expected. But I think from a project standpoint, it was pretty much on track and kind of a normal year.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let's see, I know we have a couple of divestitures and dispositions that we continue to work on, so we know we, at least, have those to go. We'll constantly evaluate businesses, and we have a number of agencies that I'd say are on our very active watch list. So we have plans in place for them to change their business, and we'll monitor how that progresses over the course of the year. As far as severance goes, every year, there is some amount of severance. I don't think this year will be anywhere near as high as last year. We'll again monitor that as we go through the year. And as far as the converts go, based upon where the stock price and interest rates are at today, I don't believe we'd need to make any kind of a supplemental interest payment in order for the converts to stay outstanding.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, your first one is you're modeling the business incorrectly or, I should say, you can't really model the business the way you're doing it, from an Omnicom standpoint, to have it work. I mean, I think the modeling the way you're at least describing it would probably be perfect for an individual agency. Except in Omnicom, there's effectively 2,000 of them to try to model that way, and the complexity of the model, trying to model each individual agency in that manner just doesn't work. We've made a commitment to achieve those margin levels for 2011, as I said in my comments. While it's not without challenges or difficulties, we think we're on track to being able to achieve those numbers.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Well, not similar levels of cost actions. I'm sure we'll be taking some individual cost actions. We need to manage the business agency by agency, and the only thing that is a constant is agencies change. They have client wins. They have client losses. And they need to continuously focus on managing their cost structures to keep them in line with the business levels that they have, again agency by agency. The full effect of the cost actions that we took last year won't come into play at those individual agencies until this year. And you also find that with business wins and losses, there's lag times in getting the full effect of those changes. Again, I can -- I'll just reiterate, we think we're well on track to achieving the objectives that we laid out.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Let me add one thing to John's comments that I find sometimes important. We're in a number of marketing disciplines. And each of those marketing disciplines is developing the capabilities to utilize new technologies like digital technology, but basically the breadth of technologies and marketing mediums that are out there in their discipline, and the utilization of those technologies is different. So when you talk about ad exchanges, that comes up against our media buying and planning businesses, and it probably touches up against some of our creative businesses. When we get into mobile and apps and some of those, it affects different of our businesses. Even in areas -- PR is hitting up with social. Very significantly, our branding businesses are going and touching up with digital technologies in different ways. So it's very important for each of our businesses to develop the capabilities to utilize those technologies, to advance its discipline or its skill sets for its clients.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. I'd -- I'll just basically repeat what John said. Plus or minus $50 million, which is 1.5% organic growth or thereabouts in a quarter, is a pretty small number given the breadth of our operations, the number of clients that we have. We'll have to take on both sides. We don't believe plus or minus $40 million or $50 million in an individual quarter is a big number. We know a lot of investors do. This quarter, we're on probably on the high side of maybe what the expectations were, in part because we're coming off of very strong quarter last year in the fourth quarter or 2010's fourth quarter, where things really kind of rebounded to normal. I think this quarter was more or less in line with a normal fourth quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger: But again, that's one month and it's the first month of the year. So we don't like too much into that.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we're on track to hit those margin objectives. If we hit organic growth in that range, I'm pretty confident that we'll be able to achieve those numbers. There's a lot of -- well, hedge a little bit because of a lot of variables out there, but we think we're well along the way to being able to achieve it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Wasn't your bonus up 35%? Some of it is the base that you're comparing off. This, in particular, was a combination of, I'll say, good broad performance, as well as a couple of client wins and some project revenue.
Randall J. Weisenburger: That's full year severance charges. In that repositioning charges, there were other charges other than severance that are not in that number. That -- the $202 million is just severance.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we had a -- I think this year's incentive comp was a full number. I don't think it was abnormally low. So I think it was a pretty solid -- or maybe another way to say it is, the incentive comp bucket was full.
Randall J. Weisenburger: First, acquisitions within a band is hard to predict. This year, we did a handful of, I'll say, midsized acquisitions, and they were done not on our typical earnout basis. The Mudra deal wasn't really an earnout. Clemenger was a large acquisition. Marina Maher wasn't done on an earnout basis and a couple of others were in that. Communispace was another [Technical Difficulty]
John Wren: The only thing I'd add to that is depending on the day that you wake up, Europe is or isn't in the headlines, and we watch it as closely as everybody else does. And our statement that we're looking to similar growth is really reflective of that. We know where we believe we will grow. We know what markets are growing at the present time that are not facing austerity and not facing the headlines every day. So we have very modest expectations across Europe.
John Wren: I'd characterize it as stable. When you look at the markets that declined and then the underlying reasons, some of them that were economic and some of them -- some of the declines were cycling out of changes in clients. Netherlands comes up in particular, where we lost an account that is headquartered in The Netherlands. We won it back here in the United States. That had a slight impact. But Europe is a day-by-day event, where the conversation across the continent is austerity. So we can't be as clear or have as greater vision as we've had in the past until they get through the sovereign debt crisis.
John Wren: I don't think I've aggregated it client by client. But the clients, I believe, are going to spend more money, and they want to spend it in the most efficient and targeted way that they can. So I think there's a commitment on the part of most clients to increase their spending. They -- but they want to -- they want it to be in the absolutely most perfect spot and where we can prove ROI. There's plenty of money and plenty of things for us to do. So that changes client by client and industry by industry. But if I had to make a generalization, that's what -- that's how I'd answer your question.
John Wren: Again, pharma is under pressure because drugs are coming off patent. Pharma is under a lot of pressure from the government. And we did have 1 or 2 client losses which contributed to our weakness earlier in the year, which we should cycle out off in the first half of this year, which had an impact. I'm encouraged to say that offsetting those losses where we see the immediate impact, we've -- we had a very good season in the fourth quarter for winning some business, which we won't see the benefit for, for 6 to 9 months, 6 months or so.
John Wren: Yes. And you may have to repeat some of your question, but let me take a shot, at least, part of what you said. We've made a significant investment, and it runs through our P&L rather than through our capital acquisition accounting, in hiring people, making investments and creating the proper platforms, our using and analysis of data and the various partnerships that we've entered into. I don't have an exact number, but it approaches 90 to provide us with the information that we need. Two and a half years ago, sitting and meeting with Eric Schmidt, he predicted that he saw the day where he thought ad exchanges might be given away for free, and he has one of the largest ones. Now that won't happen anytime soon, but there'll be increased -- increasing pressure and pricing on the best ad exchanges out there. What we're focused on is what I covered in the call, having the smartest people and the creative -- most creative people to properly use technology to target clients, to find those opportunities at the absolutely proper moment and deliver to our clients the most efficient buying and delivery of audience that we possibly can. We're looking at everything. We always look at everything. We don't exclude acquisitions if we think it's going to add to our skill set or accelerate the process that -- the way we believe the marketplace is moving. The only thing that offends is ridiculous pricing, where we don't get a proper return on investment, where we make a decision that building it is more expensive maybe to the P&L and to the margins but is more sensible, in the long run, to the shareholders of Omnicom. So I don't know if I covered all of your questions.
John Wren: And again -- and then you can correct the questions. I mean, looking at what's been done to date is almost looking at the world through the rearview mirror. We've only seen the beginning of mobile and what its impacts is going to be and the way we're going to be able to use it. And so the change which you've seen occur is just the beginning, and that's why we kept it a very flexible, open-sourced approach to this whole area.
John Wren: I don't know how -- Randy you can answer this question separate from me. We always get into the fourth quarter and with as many agencies we have around the world. There's a relatively small amount when you are talking about a $14 million business of $200 million, $300 million, which you cannot project whether or not clients across each one of those agencies are going to spend an incremental $50,000 or $100,000. Whether they do or they don't depends on what becomes very important to you guys, whether or not organic growth is 2/10 of a percent higher or lower than what you're expecting. But that's all it means. And that's a company by company, market by market, case-by-case study. If I had to categorize, and I haven't done the math, we got some of that spending in this fourth quarter, and it contributes to our results. We didn't get it to the level that is higher level as we've seen in the past, and we didn't -- we weren't as disappointed as we have been sometimes in -- when there was an economic crisis going on. So I don't think that's going to change. I think we're going to get to every fourth quarter and still have that level of noise in our system.
John Wren: What am I most -- let me start with what I'm most bullish about. Every one of our clients, the digital aspect of how does digital impact or extend to what earned media is, is objective for each one of our clients. If I had to categorize it by industry, I'd say I'm seeing a move by packaged good companies and a greater commitment from packaged good companies than they have in the past, as a general category, in using digital in every one of their campaigns and trying to get the most efficient use of their media dollars.
John Wren: Craig, you know me, I worry about everything. You should see my to-do list. But there's nothing specific or any specific client at the moment couched in that regard. The -- my biggest concerns are whereas the government claims we have no inflation in the United States, when you get outside the United States, there's huge inflation soaring. You never know what that's going to do to the consumer and where they spend their money. That's probably in the top 1 or 2 or 3 of my concerns on behalf of my clients and how do we become more efficient. And that's the challenge that every Omnicom employee has every day, to make every dollar that our clients spend more productive.
