John Wren: Sure. Well, the comps in the first quarter remain probably the most difficult comps that we have going into the year, but it's not that as much as it is Flywheel, which we closed on January 2 is just seasonally natural at least stronger in the second half than the first. So that's one point. And as I said in my prepared remarks, A number of the new business wins we had late in the third quarter, early in the fourth quarter or throughout the fourth quarter. Whilst we won them and we have to ramp up our expenses in order to handle them with the notice periods, the companies that lost those accounts. We don't start getting revenue really until the second quarter or so. So the additive tailwind for that won't happen until then. You're absolutely correct that as we go through the year, if all of those well. The Olympics will add something to the revenue as will the U.S. election add something as we get a little bit later into the second quarter than the third quarter. And there'll be a tail to it also in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of reflected in the range that we have given you. And we want to emphasize that whilst we expect this to ramp it didn't start ramping on January 1.
John Wren: Certainly, there'll be easier comps. But as you suggest, I don't think in our prior calls, we've been learning too much about the impact that technology has had whereas I think our competitors have had much greater hits, which probably means that they buy have much easier comps going forward. But yes, we expect an uplift from the base of technology clients that we have in the forecast as it rolls through the rest of the year.
John Wren: Well, I'll answer the second part of your question first. Media certainly was stronger in advertising, but we choose to treat it as one reporting entity when we put both of those numbers together because quite often, they've come together. More specific than that, I don't think is a protective way to look at the business. Yes, there are a lot of strength in the fourth quarter in media. There are a great number of projects and spending that was conservatively held back and then released into the fourth quarter, and we benefited from it, as you can see in the numbers. And I would say that was through the West including Western Europe.
John Wren: Sure. Conflicts really are not. It's been quite a while since it really has become a topic or an item that concerns us. Most clients are very sophisticated these days and they're more interested in the teams of people that are servicing them on a consistent basis. And we -- and I think you'd see this experience throughout the industry have been able to cope very comfortably with that because those people never meet, it's only at the holding company level that they get consolidated. With respect to sectors, there will be challenges and all, and there will be benefits in some, and some will have low comps, and some will have more difficult comps. The one area that has never been strong or as strong maybe as it could be for Omnicom is in CPJ. And I think that with changes that we made first to the Commerce Group in terms of leadership, and then with the addition of Flywheel and the expertise that it brings, Omnicom now has thousands of more people who are confident in addressing the needs of CPG type of cans. And I think we'll be more competitive than we've been historically in that area as a result. So I'm very excited about that. We're still doing this. I think maybe, Duncan, if we turn it over to you first, if you want to comment on -- add some commentary on your side.
John Wren: Sure. When you look at where the strength was, the fourth quarter really has three components to it. Its clients releasing projects. New business wins in its impact. And then if you've lost anything where you're feeling that impact as you net down to what we report as organic growth. I'd say that -- the project work came in very strong, stronger than we expected in some parts of Western Europe. And we have a thesis about why, but it's certainly not something we plan for. It came in decently in North America. But North America, is where we were cycling through a number of losses that occurred in the advertising sector over a year ago. And when you lose something that's bad news, but then you have to live with it as you cycle through it. So all that is the alchemy of how you get to organic growth and as a result, that makes us -- we're still cautious about this year because of all the unrest and the Fed hasn't really started reducing rate yet. But in terms of what issues we had there for the most part, behind us. And some of the new business wins have not -- we haven't started benefiting from yet. So I'm very comfortable that 2024 will probably wind up looking more traditional than 2023 did. In terms of cookie deprecation, that's something we've been fully expecting for a very long time, but I could chat about it, but I'm going to throw it to Paulo because he's more of an expert and more closely deals with it on a day-to-day basis.
John Wren: Pharma, we remain very optimistic on. The only headwind I think we face as we go into '24 with Pharma was earlier in the year, we lost Pfizer, so we'll be cycling through that. But the only limitations we are currently looking through, not things that we haven't won or we haven't been asked to work on, but have they gotten through the FDA because pharma. And just the simple science of things in the advances that are occurring give us tremendous opportunities to continue to grow. And I think that will be not only '24 but '24 and beyond a very strong sector for us. Autos, when it comes down to is, we're very well represented in autos, and I think we have the best clients one could ask in the sector. There is this tension going on in the marketplace that most auto OEMs are dealing with in terms of what's the mix between the electric cars that we're going to be out in the market, more conventional cars and hybrid. And there's a lot of decision-making and a lot of long lead times that go into that. But in terms of the sector itself, there's no question. It becomes an information platform for the OEMs as we go forward and the more merrier from my perspective. And as Duncan mentioned, now with the addition of Flywheel, there was a whole sector of aftersales parts that we could do a modest job on, but now we can do a much more robust job when you look through how those goods are distributed to the ultimate consumer, which is, in many cases, an increasingly in marketplaces. So it's been a strong sector. It should even get stronger for us as we extend that over the coming months and years, and we're very comfortable with it.
John Wren: And don't lose sight of the fact that in '24 as we get into it, we do have the Olympics. We do have a presidential election, and it's been my experience that presidential election years are generally very good one way or the other for the economy, and there gets to be some tension in the media marketplaces, especially in the U.S. as you get later in the year. So that makes people, fosters people to make decisions sooner. And if the Fed comes through and starts to cut, that will be the beginning of, I think, fuel to aid in the outcomes that I just suggested will be there. So we're cautious, but we are optimistic.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. I think I would just add that I think it's probably logical -- our margin expectations would kind of mirror that as the year goes on. And as performance builds, as John had said, you'll see some consistency in the performance of the margins as well.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. For the year, certainly, the change in working capital was positive almost a $400 million improvement which we're pretty satisfied with. I think relatively speaking, though the overall negative reflects the fact that the actions of the Fed and over time, global treasuries have obviously made it a more challenging area to manage. I think the fact that we cut the change in half where we cut the number in half in 2023 is really reflective of good performance all throughout the organization. It's really a matter of 3 yards in a cloud of dust in terms of blocking and tackling to improve those numbers. We're certainly going to strive to get the number back to neutral, if not positive as we go but that isn't going to happen overnight. I think as the economic environment changes and as the rates eventually come down, I think you'll see some continued improvement. It's certainly an area we're very focused on and we're not done in terms of improving our performance. But it has been more challenging in the last few years than in half.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I'll give one on margins and expectations. I think as we've said in the past, we certainly strive over time to make steady progress on margins and make improvements. Certainly, in our two of our largest expenses, salary and service costs and occupancy and another, we see future opportunities. Certainly, on the salary-related side, there's still quite a few initiatives we have benefit from offshoring and automation. There are strong initiatives that we're pushing, and we'll continue to push in those areas. And we continue to go through a real estate rationalization and expect to benefit from that over time as well, and we continue to make some improvements there. I think, however, we talked a lot about AI on this call. That will be part of what helps us be more efficient and generate some of these benefits. But at the same time, it requires investments that we're going to continue to make in the business that, as we've talked about in the past, many of the investments we've made have run through the P&L, it's the right thing to do to make sure that our platforms are ready to give us the sustainable growth that we've been able to achieve and expect to achieve in the future. So it's a continual balance that we go through in terms of making those investments and generating the appropriate returns from a margin perspective and benefits for our shareholders ultimately as well. So I think that's a balance that we continue to manage. We look at it every year. We look at it every day. It's both. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Philip Angelastro: And then on your last question, I think certainly, media experienced very strong growth in the fourth quarter and had a great year. That growth was pretty consistent and strong across most of the media businesses and agencies we have in most markets for a number of reasons. And certainly, some of what you see in third-party service costs is a result of the gross media business is performing well also. There is a bit of a mix difference between those businesses within our media operation, but they complement each other quite nicely. And I think, we certainly have an offering that clients are very attracted to. And find very helpful and useful and valuable to meet their needs.
Philip Angelastro: We don't have the final number. Because there's a number of steps that we have to complete, given the acquisition just closed in early January. So we have some valuations and other things to do on the intangible assets which aren't complete. I would say, it's going to be a meaningful increase no question and amortization expense. And we obviously think the value of the Flywheel asset and team are going to prove to be a very wise investment. But amortization is going to go up in a meaningful way. We just don't have a number yet to guide you with, but that's something we're working through and we'll be working through quite diligently over the next few weeks and months before we finalize it. And then as far as project spend goes, I think similar to Q4 of '22project spend was quite strong but probably not as strong as '22. '22, for sure, was a much more robust time frame. I think when we were -- when we were having discussions in late '22 and early '23 and probably on our call in February '23. Yes, there are a lot of clouds that people saw on the horizon in this short term that actually turned out not to be as dark as some had expected. But the fourth quarter environment in 2022 is certainly much more robust than it was this year. But we're happy with the performance of agencies as far as capturing project spend in Q4 of '23. But relative to '22, certainly on '22 is more robust.
