Randall Weisenburger: Thanks Sean. Good morning and thank you all for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2010 earnings call. We hope everyone’s had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we are going to present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and it will be archived on our website. Before we start, I have been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that’s included on page one of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. We are going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren, and then following John’s remarks, I will review the financial performance for the quarter in a little more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions at the end. 
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, the important there – thing there is we have to maintain our staff levels client-by-client. Where we are growing business, we are going to have – we have to add headcount, we have to add the people to perform those services to the clients. It’s not like we can allocate from people from Europe to do growth and activities in the United States and people in one area of our business aren’t able to be fungible across to another discipline.  So it is an interesting time right now when we have a pretty wide variance of performance. We have obviously very positive organic growth, especially in many areas across the United States and we have you know mixed results across Europe. So it is a tricky time to balance our staffing levels. And so we are seeing some of that going through the P&L right now.John Janedis – Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: And the other question was I think about advertising and marketing services. I guess we look at the business in a more agency-by-agency and client-by-client rather than the aggregate. Obviously, we report the numbers in the aggregate, because we have them up and we report them in the way people want to hear them.  Right now, the – some of the bigger initiatives were in the CRM areas and we certainly saw some significant improvements in part, because there were significant declines last year in areas like events and sports marketing. So we saw some pretty significant rebounds in those areas. PR was another area that that had a very strong quarter. I think these things will certainly balance out in a – in over the course of this year. We will see less and less variance and more consistent performance across the – across the different disciplines I think as we go.  We will probably also see more consistent performance across regions as we go. I think right now we are at that strange sort of inflection point where we are getting or continuing to get some fairly wide differences in performance.Jason Helfstein – Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you.
Randall Weisenburger: The other auto – the other auto for us in the aggregate actually had a little – almost a little bit more year-over-year decline, largely because that we don’t cycle on those comps and tell really sometime in the second quarter. And Chrysler didn’t really have that big step change at that same time last year. So that it was really more of the – it was pretty balanced between Chrysler and the other auto accounts.  As far as Germany goes – parts of Europe, we actually saw a step down in the last year in the third quarter. I think sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first quarter I would say it stabilized, we didn’t see a real quarter-on-quarter change. But we are measuring all these numbers really year-over-year and we saw in parts of Europe that step change didn’t – the bigger step change didn’t really happen until the second half of last year. So it was almost a – the United States in many of these markets, it was a big step that really occurred between the fourth quarter of ’08 and say the first quarter of ’09.  In Europe, there was one step sort of in the first half of ’09 and then a second step in the second half of ’09. In that second half, the US was stable. So now when we are measuring year-on-year, we are getting a little bit – a little bit different results. But sequentially, I think Europe is right now pretty stable.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, Chrysler is probably a 1% or so revenue headwind in the second quarter, so a pretty big step down with that. Many of our other auto clients, there was a pretty big step last year in the first – in the second quarter. So when we get to the second quarter, we will have cycled on that when measuring year-on-year.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, to add a little to that and trying to hit on some of your earlier points, we certainly saw a broader of a pickup and spending across the industry sectors as I pointed out other than auto and these are measuring year-on-year. Other than auto, all of our major industry sectors were positive, some, some very marginally positive, but all positive. So that was a good sign of broad recovery.  We saw more increased in projects. Some of that may have been a little bit of pumped up demand, some of them are trying to get done earlier in the year and some of that will probably move into normal scope changes in fee renegotiations or fee changes in contracts as we go.  So I wouldn’t expect the pace of change to continue from the pace from Q4 to Q1, it won’t continue necessarily from Q1 to Q2. So I think we probably we got a faster recovery. I think we will probably have about the same overall recovery as we were expecting. But it’s nice that it happened sooner.  We also had a little bit of benefit that the transition work at Chrysler lasted a little bit longer than we anticipated. So all – we had a bunch of relatively small but they add up to it a nice addition, positive results in the first quarter, which obviously we are all very happy about.
Randall Weisenburger: We will recognize it in Q4. I think it was about $950 million of net new business wins in Q1 and it doesn’t have a Chrysler loss in it.
Randall Weisenburger: We record the losses when they are announced and the wins when they are not announced. Not necessarily when the revenue comes in or goes out is our normal reporting practice.
Randall Weisenburger: It’s – you have to make these things, you are making the changes client-by-client, location-by-location. There is certainly probably more of it in Europe than there was in the United States and it’s more costly and more difficult in Europe than it is in the United States. But the reality of it is, is the changes have to made location-by-location.
Randall Weisenburger: Double-digit revenue and earnings, I am certainly pretty confident that we can and should get back to double-digit earnings growth. Double-digit revenue growth I think is more dependent upon FX rates and the pace of global GDP. I think when things balance out we can – we will get back to having organic the growth in excess of GDP. But if – and if we had a 3% or 4% tailwind in FX that certainly helps with the 3% or 4% headwind in FX double-digit revenue growth would be pretty challenging.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, and just to be clear, my comment was not a 2010 comment. It was a long-term normal business cycle comment.
Randall Weisenburger: And having the – a couple of years 4% plus organic growth to I will say those are general numbers to balance out the utilization rates. But the challenge and I was pointing out now and sort of this inflection point, you manage your utilization rates and your margins location-by-location. If they – if you are having in high growth in one area and not high growth in other area, doesn’t get those margins back in balance. Broad based recovery in that 4% plus area for a couple of years, certainly makes it a much easier challenge.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes basically in Q1, the way it turned out, we – the contract expire at the end of January, we provided some ongoing transition services and things to the client in various parts of the – the revenue didn’t really go away as quite as fast as we expected it to. So we ended up losing about maybe say one-third of 1% revenue in the quarter.  We didn’t also have the step down that we experienced in the – in many of our other auto clients that occurred in the second quarter of last year, so last year’s revenue was much more steady. So we probably lost about a third of a month’s revenue or so, maybe even a little bit less in the quarter.  When we go to Q2, the Chrysler revenue at this point is gone. So on a year-over-year basis, it’s right around 1% of our total revenue, so call that $30 million plus of year-over-year change in revenue in Q2. 
Randall Weisenburger: Basically as you get to Q2, the Olympic bump will go away and the cycling will – the full cycling should be there.
Randall Weisenburger: Just to make sure that it’s clear. We do expect that the second quarter to be better as when measured on the year-over-year basis than the first quarter. But the improvement from Q4 to Q1 was quite dramatic we are not going to see that same percentage improvement from Q2 – Q1 to Q2. It will level out or normalize.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, it’s probably got both elements just a little bit. But we will start cycling on numbers in Q2. And the impact are a lot less now than they were last year. One of the – I guess one of the things we all learned about like the stock markets, things that are down 50%. The second year they are down or when they are up, the impact becomes a lot smaller if we get measured.
Randall Weisenburger: And I have made it clear, here we have got a business that’s been a really tough sector, but we have a very solid management team and a very solid company. You know therein a difficult spot obviously, it’s predominantly a domestic business, and as we all know the US unemployment rates or the US employment rates are very difficult.
Randall Weisenburger: And certainly our objective is – are to get those numbers as high as possible, still delivering for shareholders what we expect and balancing those out. 
Randall Weisenburger: We didn’t delever in the first quarter for the quarter itself. We probably with the share repurchases we were probably a little bit ahead. Our plan is to utilize all of our free cash flow for the three things that you mentioned over the course of the year. We – it doesn’t mean we are going to match it up quarter-by-quarter, so we are probably a little bit ahead of the share repurchases for the full year and obviously we can adjust that as we go.
Randall Weisenburger: Sure. Thank you all. And as I said, we will leave that as the last question. Thank you all very much for taking the time to listen to our call and we will do this again soon.
John Wren: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call this morning. We are very happy to announce positive year-over-year growth for the first quarter. Overall revenue increased 6.3% to $2.92 billion. This includes organic revenue growth of 2.1%, which exceeded our expectations for the quarter.  As we discussed in our last call, the general business environment continues to stabilize and improve. And as we look across, as we look at individual countries and regions, we are cautiously optimistic about continued global recovery, although we expect significant variation by region. Turning to our performance, revenue growth was driven by a number of factors, including cycling on some easier year-over-year comps for some of our businesses. First, we are starting to see a rebound in some of the hardest hit areas from the downturn. Areas such as CRM and PR showed fairly strong organic growth as did our media business. Recruiting continues to be one area of note that has not yet rebounded and Randy will take you some of the specifics in a few minutes when he gets back on the call. Geographically, we saw a continued strong growth in developing markets, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and South America. We are also pleasantly surprised by the US growth where organic growth was 5.1% in the quarter. This leaves Europe where performance remains weak and the outlook is still somewhat unclear. On the cost front, we continued to keep a close eye on costs and have asked our agencies to remain mindful of the potential risk to the economy, especially in some of our European markets where it’s expensive to adjust staffing levels. Our other real estate and operating costs will take a little longer to fully absorb but barring any downturns in the economy, we expect some of these pressures begin to ease as we get in the second half of the year. At the same time, our agencies are now increasingly focused on taking advantage of growth opportunities, both through new business efforts as well as growing our existing client accounts. Many of our agencies have adjusted their offerings to respond to the difficult environment, economic environment, and are now more and more flexible and better able to serve the diverse needs of their clients. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the year, last year, we said that in 2010, we intended to use our strong balance sheet to increase our dividend, buyback stocks, and make strategic acquisitions. And as you all know, we increased our dividend by 33% in February and also completed $250 million in stock buybacks during the quarter.  Finally, our business is built on the strength of our management teams and the talented professionals around the world. They have worked extremely hard to help us navigate through last year and I am confident that we are positioned well for the coming year and beyond. I will now turn this back to Randy, and then we will take your questions afterwards.
John Wren: I will let Randy take most of it. But most of the hiring we did in the fourth quarter was actually in emerging markets where we started to see revenue growth. There is hiring, we are no longer at the level of layoffs that we have had in the past. And right now what we are doing from a severance point of view or – is we are taking a hard look at Europe, because those markets are – have been declining as Randy mentioned in his comments. And so it’s a – it’s a broad mix of answers and I am not sure that there are any generalizations I can give you to help answer the question, because it’s different region-by-region.
John Wren: Could you repeat the second – Randy might have heard it. We were whispering while you were asking the second part of the question, I am sorry about it.
John Wren: Yes, with respect to Chrysler, Chrysler did not – we had Chrysler really because of some holdover work for January and February. It contributed to the decline, but not to the full level that it will going forward as is specific –
John Wren: Yes, let me deal with that first. We went through some wrenching changes last year, and where there was a lot of cost containment that contributed to our performance in terms of the what we were able to accomplish last year, but we had to reengineer quite a number of those agencies as well.  And typically and typically when you get into a recovery, what occurs on your larger advertising annuity type annual fee clients is the clients who will come back and there will be a request, which has occurred in the past, where you will reduce the fee and you will reduce the scope of work, so therefore, you will reengineer your staffing levels.  When you get into the recovery period, what occurs is clients will be spend some more, spend more money, you will have to become more productive during that when in the beginning of a recovery and till the client is comfortable that the recovery is fully in place, before they will generally increase your fee again, so it becomes – we are in that period right now.  Having said that, on projects in some other areas, we saw a rebound in spending which is positive and having been through two serious recessions, while in leadership of the company, there is some pretty normal patterns which we are developing, so we are cautiously optimistic.
John Wren: No actually, the quarter, January and February were stronger than what we had expected. And then March continued that trend.
John Wren: My comments which you were referring to the last recession were not meant to be complete analogous. It was only – I was partially explaining what happens in a fee based account where there has been a reduction in scope of work and a reduction in the fee and the period of time in which that takes to recover.  Many of the lessons that I learned in 2003 and 2004 are different than the lessons that we have learned this time around. And there are not – every recession is different and this one is certainly in my opinion was a balance sheet recession, so it was quite different than in many aspects than anything that preceded it.
John Wren: And the only caution that I would add to that, I know your question was posed for beyond 2010. Unemployment in the US still remains very high and we are bullish and we are cautiously bullish.
John Wren: Well, we are working on it every day. We don’t make the forecast, but we – when you compare us to the industry, last year in terms of how we were able to manage our margins, our people did a fantastic job. And I think we are well positioned once we get to higher levels of organic growth, we will be able to get to stabilized and then improving margins.
John Wren: There is no science to this, because as Randy mentioned earlier, we adjust our businesses office-by-office, location-by-location. But if you are looking for a generalization, typically it takes about 4% organic growth before we – before we are able to catch up with the normal inflation and pressures that we have in our cost base. And then after that, then we start to see improvement. But I caution to tell you that’s a generalization.
John Wren: We are out – we have some very specific carriers and targets which we are looking at. We work very hard at it. And it hasn’t been a real decline in multiples, otherwise we would be reporting more acquisitions. But we continue to have a very specific list of things that we believe are quality areas that we need to extend into and negotiations continue in a number of areas. But prices have not declined in any great measure.
John Wren: Well, from where I sit, I am not yet halfway through the second quarter. But thanks for the thought. No, I mean, I believe we have the full headwind of Chrysler, and we’ve – I think we will have – we will report positive growth. But as Randy mentioned earlier, the sequential change that you saw from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, you should bake those into your expectations just yet. There are still regionally around the world, some areas of uncertainty and we are looking at those every single day.
John Wren: Well, I prefer not to talk about specific dollars, but I will tell you this. We are able to pay bonuses for 2009 and as we – that’s because our improvement, we had an improving result last year as we went through it. And our accruals in the first quarter exceeded our accruals for – the first quarter of ‘010 exceeded our accruals for the first quarter of ’09.
John Wren: Well, it’s my hope, it’s my hope. We adjust our incentives based upon what the outlook is. It’s done at least once a quarter where we look at that and we make whatever adjustments are appropriate. And we are not shy, where companies are not meeting their objectives to reduce those incentives from time to time. But for the first quarter, we were able to restore some of those costs.
John Wren: I will let Randy answer most of the questions, but we felt that we actually we accomplished all of the delevering we needed to for the company and our balance sheet is in incredibly strong shape. So our plan going into this year was to utilize our free cash flow for those three areas and Randy can add to it.
John Wren: We may have to come back to you with that answer. We are not sure that we have the analysis done quite that way.
John Wren: Yes, I think we are in a very, very beginning of renegotiation or an adjust – an awkward adjustment in our fees for many of our clients. But we are not – we are – we are fantasying about some of that. We have plans to go in based upon the productivity and the scope of work that we ask that the declines that’s made of us to go into see if we can increase those fees.  But it takes a fair amount of time, it takes couple of quarters of sustained growth not only for us, but for a particular client, before we can – we can get those restored to what they were. So that’s a long process, a positive process, but it’s going to be a long process that we are going to continue to go through for the next couple of quarters.
John Wren: No, yes, I mean the beautiful thing about Omnicom is no single client is that significant. There is a lot of clients, so there is a lot of conversations that are going on and we don’t track. It’s not that we have five major clients and we are tracking our progression against those five. We are – we don’t necessarily track the numbers the way that you are suggesting.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, good morning. A couple of things; just curious, given in light of how the quarter must have ended, was there a much of the difference between how the month of March did year-over-year in terms of organic revenue versus the overall quarter? And I have some follow-ups.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay, even though you had a couple – one or two months of their stuff in there, okay. And then my last quarter –
Craig Huber – Access 342: Okay, fair enough. And then if I could, last question please, was there any one-items we should be aware of in the quarter, in particular just be curious to hear how much your severance expense was in the first quarter this year versus a year-ago? Thank you.
