John Wren: Sure. This is terribly conservative, Alexia, I think from the point of view that with currencies moving and the changes around the world, we’re very comfortable by keeping our revenue target at 3.5% and -- whereas I am not 100% ready to forecast margins for the balance of the year, our internal goal starting now for the second quarter is to hold our margins from what they were the prior year.
John Wren: Yes. Sure. I would say many clients are reinvesting those efficiencies and there are few and that as you suggested have other challenges which they put in front of them, they are still supporting their brands, but maybe not to the level that of the efficiencies. I think clients start -- each brand starts with targets and goals and objectives that they have to reach. And if we’re able to assist them in achieving those targets in a more efficient way, which is the hope, the money doesn’t always have to be reinvested back directly into advertising. For the most part, that’s not a bad thing for an Omnicom. The principal way that we earn our revenues and profits are really in helping clients navigate through the complexity of this new marketplace and where audiences are, how to reach them, how to obtain quality content so they’ll be interested in it. So where something which might have been invested in say traditional TV in the past, if we found an alternative way to get that audience for less money, our part of that might have increased, whereas the traditional TV seller might not have -- might see the decline in their sales.
John Wren: Sure. Well, training, we opened Omnicom University in 1995 and it’s been dedicated through recessions to good times to bad times. So we at the top put a lot of time and attention into training and developing our people. And that is also true if you go to each one of our major subsidiaries. With the environment and the changes in the environment, what we started in ‘95 is more important today than it’s ever been [Indiscernible]. Not only do our data sciences and I’d say your people need to keep up with all the changes that are going on, our creative people, our account people, everyone of our employees has to be very current in terms of watch out there how it can be used to creatively create the tools and products that we need. So we’re very pleased to have the foundation that we have and we keep it adjusting and adding to it. And that asset which was developed in ‘95, for a long time was really principally based just in the U.S. Over the last couple of years we’ve taken that throughout our entire global portfolio and we’ll continue to do that. And I forgot the first part of your questions.
John Wren: Acquisitions. We just formed the new dedicated acquisition group, one that we even had in several years. And we’re looking at quite a number of opportunities, probably on a more formal basis than we have in the last several years. And so I expect over time, we will be doing more but nothing -- no big banging type of things. Sensible acquisitions -- midsized that fit, what we see as our strategic growth areas, both in the United States in certain product areas and in certain key emerging markets.
John Wren: And to give you a very timely example, when we’ve done with this call, my next two hours after that is with an acquisition candidate.
John Wren: In terms of the pipeline, it’s pretty good. We have one or two. We’re going to wind-up defending, but for the most part the people and client -- potential clients we are talking to, we feel very good about it. It’s changed here little bit. You still get formal bids and competitions, but increasingly, we are getting assignments as we did like in Bacardi, which did not require a bid. There was a consolidation with certain objectives that approved. We are going to help that company reach. So it’s healthy, always could be. We have a very good track good record. So the more or somebody else business that goes into review, yeah, the more -- the better opportunity is for us to win. So, but it’s pretty decent though.
John Wren: Yeah. I’ll let Daryl -- better I’ll let Daryl, who heads the group, answer that first and then I will add my comments.
John Wren: And I am happy for the question, because there has been a lot of innuendo and comments against the industry, and we know how we operate and have consistently operated. So clearing the air on this is a positive thing. One other thing is, we are fully participating, I think, the ANA after having allowed that presentation to occur and there is now, I think, a working group between the ANA…
John Wren: It was somewhat odd to me that no specific allegation was came against anybody, even though in that presentation that had redacted contracts and other things. So we are little bit confused. We don’t find it helpful. So as quickly as jointly the ANA and the AAAA’s can get to the conclusion the better off we will all going to be.
John Wren: There is a sense. I don’t have the proof. But U.S. economy appears to me to be getting stronger and if history guides anything, those budgets will increase as demand increases for and clients are going to support their strongest growth areas. So I’m cautiously optimistic, I am going to, I am just not willing to publicly forecast the year more than what I can see at the moment.
John Wren: Really, it all comes down to the opportunity but the areas that we’re focused on are geographic in nature, which means that there are not -- they certainly fit within our historical profile. And different forms of partnerships over the last several years, we’ve formed over 100 plus partnerships with various companies either in technology and some other areas. In very rare instances but a couple we might be interested in becoming partners with some of those folks. But if you’re characterizing what I said and thank you for asking the question, they are going to be -- they are not going to be large. They are going to be closer to our historic pattern than us developing any new pattern. Let me put it that way.
John Wren: I echo exactly what Phil said. I guess, we were aided by the change in management of one or two major subsidiaries and they’ve had -- they've gotten off to a great start. So the market share and not the economy in the U.K.
John Wren: Obviously, it’s a supply and demand market place and there are still supply issues in the linear TV market place that keep pressure on price beyond, I think what you might reasonably normally expect, defining your ratings would be less value at lower prices not necessarily the case. I think the major part of that formula is going to be the balance between the long-term and short-term strategies that sellers take in this market place. I would add I think that CPMs of course have one way to look at the market place. I think the general trend here is a longer term trend is more significant and that is that generally speaking, our clients are moving to -- many clients at least are moving to -- looking at business measures. What do the aggregation of the investments that they are making across media types do to move their business with the data capabilities that we have? And they are somewhat less inclined to focus simply on what maybe called process measures, which are the CPMs reaching frequencies, is becoming increasingly an overall ROI discussion with our clients. But specifically to your question on CPM, I think the balance between long-term and short-term strategies from sales standpoint will dictate that. Operator, we are getting closer to the market open. So, I think we have time for one more call. Thanks, Craig.
Daryl Simm: Well, it’s still -- Alexia still early from in terms of confirmed client budgets for the upfront of course. But on the other hand, we do have expectations and the expectations are that the trends that we’ve really seen, I would say over the past 18 months or so, are going to continue. And what that means on balance, we’ve seen of course above average growth in digital and that’s been driven by premium video which we see continued increased interest. And on the TV upfront side, I think we should expect a continuation of the kind of cautious approach that we saw this past year between upfront and short-term naturally. Some clients are going to want to secure specific properties, particularly if they have initiatives during the year. But outside of that, we see a somewhat cautious approach. For those of us that have been following the upfront for a long time, I think we are used to the past where the upfront was really a selling time for the entire year that set the market and it really has become I think the beginning of the annual sale season. And it’s an important part of it, that’s the beginning of the year -- of the sale season.
Daryl Simm: Yes, absolutely. I mean, this is something we’re very interested in. In fact, as we look at video, video is across a number of different platform, some of it coming from the so-called traditional providers, others coming from full episode providers like Hulu, others coming from more pure digital plays like the YouTube, the Yahoo’s, the AOL’s and what not. But as we go into sale season, what we’re seeing are real initiatives that are coming from some of the more traditional providers in terms of not just offering of digital video but offering of -- I would say packages or ideas and concepts that allow us to bridge between -- more aggressively between the conventional sale and the digital capability and the digital products that they now have. And I anticipate that that’s going to be an ever more significant part of the conversations going ahead. And we’ve certainly seen coverage over the past few days of I think leaders of major media companies discover and they like talking about that very concept. And it’s something that both, our clients and we as agencies are very interested in discussing how we extract more value for our clients using that kind of approach.
Daryl Simm: Yes. I think from a high level, that’s exactly right. But you also need to consider that when we look at movement of video, it’s not necessarily exclusively away from television simply because its site sound and motion. Advertisers look at their plan and their strategy to reach consumers holistically and they are zero basing it year-on-year increasingly as opposed to simply looking at it within a bucket called television and reallocation. It’s coming from a number of different sources. So I think we have to look at the whole environment in a much more fluid basis than we had in the past as you assess those kinds of company.
Daryl Simm: Right. Well, there’s certainly been a lot of coverage on it. But, certainly, from our standpoint, our media agencies in the U.S. don’t seek rebates and the U.S., of course, is not a rebate based marketplace from a negotiation standpoint. So in terms of our media agency clients, in the U.S. they receive all value that gets negotiated on their behalf. Whatever that form is, whether it’s discount, whether it’s other quantitative benefits, whether its qualitative benefits. And they are negotiating in a very competitive marketplace. So our buyers are pushing hard to, frankly, extract maximum value out of those vendors in order to meet our individual client expectation. And of course, all of the clients that we engage with, we have comprehensive contracts that govern not only the services, but we provide them. But they specify performance requirements as well. So that’s kind of cornerstone of trust I think in terms of how we run our business.
Daryl Simm: Yeah. Well, I think it can certainly help the business grow faster. But if we look at the programmatic business today, there is no question that the great majority of it, as it exists today is display-based business. But the client requirements that we are seeing from the plans that we put together show a great demand for programmatic videos. So it did cross my mind that the demand is there and where there is demand, generally speaking, we will see supply respond to that. But the availability of -- I would say premium video is not simply a programmatic. A question it goes beyond that, as our clients looked at it, both programmatically and as alternatives in the upfront marketplace because content and context are so important to the kind of clients that we have. So if there is the -- whether it’s the content has the right affinity or whether it’s simply just wholesome enough for their brand is key and access to that kind of bringing video is key to growth. There is no question of the demand therefore.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. I mean, just to add on that, I think we’ve always been consistent in saying and it still holds true. But as we approach our capital allocation process to the extent that we can find more acquisitions that need or fit in strategy requirements, we’re going to try and do more acquisitions in anyone given year than less. We don’t have a fixed box of acquisition dollars and/or share buyback dollars that we intend to spend going into a year. So, I think the pipeline is good and to the extent, we can do more than we’ve done in the past and in a particular year, we will. But to the extent that we don’t find deals that meet our strategic requirements or the fit requirements then we’ll continue to operate as we have.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah. The number was just below $1.1 billion for the quarter. That doesn’t include -- does not include the most recent Bacardi one.
Phil Angelastro: I think our leverage is probably right where we have historically been, right around that. And our focus is primarily on maintaining our rating at that principal focus in terms of how we look at our capital structure. So I think it’s probably safe to say that, you shouldn’t expect to see the next 12 months in terms of buyback activity to be anywhere similar to the last 12 months. Over the last 12 months we’ve bought back about a 1.250 billion of stock. So we have some catching up to do as we had discussed last May. I don’t think you can expect the activity be at that level. Certainly, we will continue to look at it in context of our free cash flow as far as continuing to pay dividend. What acquisitions are out there that we do endeavor to do, is going to reduce the number. But certainly the activity prospectively as we look at the next 12 months is going to be down relative to the last 12 months.
Phil Angelastro: In the first quarter that number was about $40 million of year-over-year growth in the quarter versus the first quarter of last year.
Phil Angelastro: Just give me a second to get that number. So in the quarter the buyback number was in shares, I think, was 3.4 million shares.
Phil Angelastro: I think our view is especially in the first quarter which is relatively small quarter. You can’t draw too many trends when you start narrowing it down to regions or disciplines et cetera. So the more you narrow that number especially in a quarter, a 90-day period we don’t think it’s going to drive the trend for that particular, in this case, country. Our businesses in the U.K. have been performing very well, very consistently actually over some time. And they have done very well in the market. We expect them to continue to perform well as the year goes on. But I -- I don’t think I’d say we expect based on our internal forecast today that we are going to be in the high single digits to low double digits for the U.K. the rest of the year. Some of that could be a bit of timing in the quarter. Some of it could be just a fact that is first quarter and number is relatively small number compared to the number for the year. So I wouldn’t draw too much of a trend other than the trend that our businesses in the U.K. continue to perform well is one that we expect to continue.
