Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our performance. And due to the pending merger with Publicis, we'll be giving a few more non-GAAP measures than we have in the past. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. John is going to begin the call with some brief remarks about the quarter, as well as the status report and overview of our pending merger with Publicis. Following John's remarks, I'll review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail. And then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No. I think we might be stabilizing near the bottom. We had good performance in a couple markets where we have businesses that are growing not necessarily because of the individual markets, that's in Spain and Portugal. But Germany and France, Belgium, those markets in[ph] Netherlands, they were all negative.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The next quarter is also -- as you know, like the fourth quarter every year, we've been talking about it for years now, with sort of year-end project revenues, is always a little bit more difficult to forecast.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Okay. So there's really sort of 4 gating items. There's the antitrust track. So at this point in time, as John pointed out, we've done our filings or at least the preliminary filings. And I think every jurisdiction -- maybe some small markets, some place we haven't gotten done quite yet, but every major jurisdiction, we've got the filings in, and we're in really sort of the information stage. We're answering questions, following up and people are evaluating it, so we don't have any news really one way or the other. It's progressing on a very good track. People spent a huge amount of time and effort getting those filings done. We did get clearance in South Korea and -- okay.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The second track is taxes. There's 3 jurisdictions that we need to get tax approvals on, and we're in process of doing that, again still early. And then there's the SEC and AMF or AFM filings, and again, that's -- we're also in process on. It's hard to determine which one of those will be the specific gating item at the end, but I think everything is proceeding as we would have expected.
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as your divestitures questions go, the biggest single divestiture we did we completed pretty much at the end of the second quarter, so that's going to take us 4 quarters to cycle on that. It was roughly $35 million a quarter of revenue, probably a little bit of variance quarter-to-quarter. And as far as the margins go, no, those companies -- if we had those companies in the portfolio, our margins would not have been higher. Those companies that we've divested, its margins, are less than Omnicom's average margin.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. It wasn't the major -- it was -- again, the revenue moved, but it was not a major driver in the quarter.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. We went through when we were developing, I'll say, the potential efficiencies on that level. We started at our billings numbers and worked our way down looking at our P&Ls sort of line by line. As John pointed out, there's over $4 billion of third-party costs. There is $15 billion or $14 billion of salary and service costs. We have a number of ideas of how we can get efficiencies across the board. Obviously, each company has a lot of their own best practices. We're going to evaluate each company's best practices and move towards them. I think everybody is pretty confident that there's -- the $500 million worth of efficiencies is a pretty conservative number.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I don't think we have any better data than we had when we first put it out. As John also pointed out, due to the process that we're in, the 2 companies have to continue to operate separately and can share limited amounts of data and information. So we're -- frankly, as far as identifying specifics, we're not allowed further than we were, I'll say, pre-deal announcement.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. And some standout areas, our media companies have been -- frankly, for a few quarters at least, have been doing a great job. I think that's predominantly driven by their performance, just good business practices at this point, good new business wins. The pharma and health care area is rebounding pretty well also.
Randall J. Weisenburger: We're the first guys to tell you that we even think the quarter-to-quarter analysis has flaws, if you're trying to draw conclusions at this level of granularity. When you get month-to-month, you're really trying to -- you're trying to find something that's really not there.
Randall J. Weisenburger: And they're extremely impactful because they've gotten bigger as well. So while the maybe growth percentage numbers were bigger a couple of years ago, when I look at the rank order of who's adding dollars of organic growth, because that's, ultimately, what counts, China and Russia are in the top 4 or top 5. That's impressive to me. The U.S. is always the most important market because of the size, as well as combining it with 5% growth, so certainly not an emerging market, but an extremely important growth market.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The answer to the second part is no. The answer to the first part, unfortunately, I don't have -- a great estimate, it's a lot. A lot of attorneys running around nonstop. This is a fairly large and complex transaction, as we mentioned, on just the antitrust alone. We did economic studies on something like 47 different markets. So I suspect the transaction fees will be at least 1.5, 2x what we've already spent, I would think.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There's -- we even -- we joke internally, production is a fat word. Production means a lot of different things because we have a breadth. Whether it's print production or creating digital websites or doing banner ads or doing TV commercials, doing postproduction, there's a lot of different aspects to production. So when you're saying creating -- when we talk about creating a production unit, we've basically been globalizing and creating 3 separate production companies for the last several years.
Randall J. Weisenburger: There are also a number of other production capabilities we have internally, and we also manage a very large amount of third-party production. I think it's well over $4 billion or $5 billion. So in looking at that whole space, it's a very interesting business. It's a business where we're managing a lot of client spend, and we're doing a lot of different pieces of the work, so we think there's a very significant opportunity bringing those businesses together and focusing on it in a more aggregated global way going forward.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Just to make sure we're consistent. Don't read too much into 1 quarter's set of numbers, especially when you cut it up by 1 country at a time. Our numbers are our numbers. New business activity, wins or losses, individual performance of our clients in that country, year-over-year timing and the economy affect the number. A lot of people read those numbers, they hear the number and think it's just a straight indication of the economy, economics in that specific market in the quarter and are also, generally, thinking of that sequentially from last quarter. The numbers we're presenting are year-over-year numbers and they had a lot of different things in that mix, so...
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as margins go, we've been committed for decades of using the power of the holding company to drive the efficiencies that are possible at each individual agency. And keeping -- we want to make sure our agencies, each of them, are operating at the right margin for their business or their optimal margin and using the holding company to make those margins continuously a little bit higher and hopefully, to reduce the volatility of performance. Mix of business is also an important driver in evaluating margins, overall. Not every business and every geography has the same potential margin. So as we move forward with greater size, we certainly believe there's new heights that we can drive margins, greater efficiencies to be had. I'm sure we're going to learn quite a bit from the standpoint of best practices. I'm sure that some of our agencies and some of the way we do things is fantastic, and I'm sure a lot of the ways that we're going to learn from our -- our new partners, what they do is fantastic, and the combination should get us to a new level. Thank you, all, very much. We appreciate your time.
John D. Wren: We have -- we've seen no difficulties thus far. There -- we've been in the business for a long time, and each one of the holding companies has long had the procedures and firewalls to deal with conflicts. If issues arise in the future, we'll deal with it. But to date, we're in good shape.
John D. Wren: It's hard to say. I think it's down to the individual performance of our agencies, not necessarily economic growths. And you have to remember that this year, the fourth quarter, the retail schedule is shorter than in the past because of the late Thanksgiving.
John D. Wren: Well, as we sit here today from the Omnicom side of the table, our intention is to follow pretty similar -- follow what we've done in the past. When the new company [ph] comes into existence, there'll be a new Board of Directors, and we'll have to sit down with the Board of Directors and -- Maurice and myself, and determine what that board will authorize. So I think it's a little premature to be talking about accelerations or changes from our past behavior.
John D. Wren: As opposed to the agencies -- and when I say agencies, I mean the networks and the companies. There's an integration process that Maurice and I and our management teams have agreed to, and so we're going to valuably use the time that it takes us to get through all these regulatory issues to sit and plan what is the most sensible, profitable thing to do and what the priority in which we should act once we're allowed to act, after the deal is approved. So that process is just about to begin. And intuitively, I know exactly what you're saying. We will go through it in detail with the people who are the experts in it and make that determination in the coming weeks and months.
John D. Wren: It probably added to the overall performance between the 2 countries, but it's not the sole reason for it.
John D. Wren: Yes. I believe the $500 million number we used is modest and comes from a variety of just natural things that you would expect when 2 groups this size come together. We, together, spend over $4 billion in third-party services and other type of costs, and we should gain quite a bit of efficiency in having a common insurance platform to be able to utilize what little excess rent occurs in any particular city at any particular time. Our auditors shouldn't cost as much as they do individually. There's a whole series of things buried in that, that are just natural. There's hard work and -- there's some work and planning in getting to those results, but sometimes, you have to wait until your current policies have lapsed before you can move to the next level. So it's not all Day 1. But there's a great deal of that cost that's buried in that number itself.
John D. Wren: Just really repeating what Randy said on the call. The U.S., we were fortunate. We certainly grew faster than the economy, and that's due to specific performance of specific agencies. And I'd say the same is pretty much true in the U.K.
John D. Wren: Yes. I mean, we don't -- September was good first, no question. We don't dissect this analysis down to that microscopic level.
John D. Wren: Our performance continues to be strong. Those markets aren't growing this past 6 months in the same way that they were growing 2 years ago. But there's still good growth and there's still plenty of opportunity because there's a lot of share opportunity in those markets for us.
John D. Wren: I think you have to presume that we're out of the market until the merger closes because that's, right now, what our agreement says.
John D. Wren: There's a couple of questions there. We have -- we're in the process actually of sitting down with our production companies to see -- because we are global, we're not yet globally branded or managed globally, I suspect that will occur in the coming months as we've seen the benefits of it. Clients are, in fact, pitching or requesting bids on larger areas of its production. They used to be done more regionally. Now they're getting outside of regions. So that's an opportunity for us before we close, and then, certainly, it will be an opportunity post closing for us. With respect to merger-related costs...
John D. Wren: Well, we actually have 3 at the moment, 3 standalone businesses, which are really serving different regions of the world. We're looking to see whether or not we should be expanding that and combining to respond to pitches. And I suspect when we're done with that evaluation, the answer is probably going to be yes. It's good business. It's a growing business. I don't quite understand where you're going with the economics of it.
John D. Wren: It was down slightly for us in the quarter, yes. Post elections, confidence is there again, but we haven't seen signs of -- tangible signs of it really coming back in the manner that it was -- it performed in the past. But it has stabilized, as Randy said. And so we're cautiously optimistic that at the center of Europe, coming back at all is going to be Germany's performance, and we're optimistic that we'll see it.
John D. Wren: In the first question, because we are still functioning as 2 completely separate companies, we -- and as I earlier -- an answer to an earlier comment on the digital side and platforms, we have not yet sat down and done an evaluation to determine what we might do in the areas of platforms. We just have not. When you get into media, if you look in the traditional medias, it's a supply-and-demand business no matter how large you are, and clients have specific needs. So I don't see seismic moves in pricing our ability to control anything because of us combining. In the digital area, I think there are grand opportunities even if we weren't combining because there's an awful lot of media. And more and more budget is being shifted that way, and when that happens, if you get to a point where you can aggregate certain aspects of it and get lot -- get a full library of premium digital inventory, there's more and more you can do with it. Those benefits get shared with the client currently. That will only increase, I think, as we move forward.
Brian W. Wieser: I have 2. First, on the merger costs. I was wondering if you can give any color as to how much you expect to incur prior to the closure, if any costs are coming out of the normal operating expenses. But just any extra color on how you expect that to proceed. And a separate question, I was just curious, production decouplings kind of, I think, a fascinating new space. We've seen Publicis just announce Prodigious. I'm curious how much interest you're seeing from clients on the topic and how you expect that to play out going forward.
Brian W. Wieser: Okay. And just a follow-up on the production decoupling topic, if I may. I'm curious if you have a point of view on the net economics of it. In other words, the notion of a standalone production decoupling business, is it a higher-return-on-capital business? Is it a lower one but it's something clients just increasingly want? I'm curious on your thoughts on the economics of that trend.
Brian W. Wieser: Well, I guess, what we've heard from the procurement trade, certainly, is the substantial savings that comes out of the creative agency fees paid. Although it's possible that the savings that come out of what they're spending, you recoup with a higher-margin business essentially. I'm just curious if that's something that is accurate, if -- or if it's not at all.
