John Wren: There are quite a few acquisitions that are in the pipeline and August and September, I think, many of the things that we’ve been working on will come to a final decision both on our part and that of the sellers. We’re muted in the first half because as we were doing acquisitions we’ve also taken a couple of small companies that no longer fit the portfolio and we’ve divested ourselves, that’s why you see the net number affecting our overall revenues. The prices, I would say, the prices [are pretty dear], no one is giving anything away and certainly nothing we’re interested in purchasing. But they’re not – we are still very disciplined in the way that we approach it and we have to make sure ourselves that we can extract the proper value before we’ll actually finish and close the deal. So I’m hopeful, there is a couple that we’ve been talking to which expand our presence in markets outside the United States and also a couple in media that I’m hoping that will get accomplished in the back half of this year. But I’m not in control – without getting requisite about the price, I’m not in control about how the process finishes out. With respect to our capital program, that really remains the same, Peter. First, we plan to utilize our free cash flow really in three manners. First, to pay dividends; the second, to pay for and hopefully increase the number of acquisitions we do and then share buybacks, turn out to be the fall out the difference between the amount of cash we generate and taking care of those first two items. There is no foreseeable change in terms of our attitude of what we’re planning to do.
John Wren: Certainly the over-achievement in organic growth that we’ve had in the first half versus what our original guess was for the year, those will continue to pass through for the balance of the year. We don’t expect to go into that. And at this point, until we have a little bit more clarity on a few things, I’d say looking to the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we’d still stay conservative and stay with the 3.5% back half growth of revenue.
John Wren: Sure. As you can imagine, Alexia, I’m not in the room when the picture is being made, but I’m following them very closely with Daryl Simm and the other leadership people in OMG. And despite all of the other noise and everything else that’s out there in the marketplace, I really do think it’s been very consistent that clients are really reevaluating how they’ve done things in the past and they’re reevaluating their teams that they are doing with. And we’ve been, as I said, I think we’re about halfway through the reviews that have been called, it’s a guess, but we think that will all be decided by October and it will be very interesting to see who the net winners are in this round. So I’m very confident that with the amount of revenue we’ve already won and the few losses that we’ve suffered, we’re well ahead of the game and looking out there should only be upside opportunity for us. The second part of your question? I’m sorry.
John Wren: Except for one client that we consciously elected to not pitch because of terms that they wanted, we haven’t seen people raising forward and discounting things. The clients are fairly sophisticated and they know that at the end of the day, they’ll get what they pay for. I think it has more to do with the complexity of the marketplace and it turns out to be a process that ultimately should be beneficial to us, on my side of the table, but it’s totally also very beneficial to the client because they challenge their own media folk to say, listen, we’ve been doing this this way up until now, should we be changing the way that we’re planning or executing. And we’re seeing clients rethinking their whole behavior. So I don’t see – and in terms of the cost advantages, it turns out that it’s an unprecedented time, but the people who are using naturally are senior people and probably be just working a little bit harder than they were before all these pitches commenced.
John Wren: No. I fully expect that the four or five players that are out there will be the beneficiaries and suffer the changes that happen. I don't see money being diverted to these small ad tech players at this point and certainly not from the reviews that are going on.
John Wren: And just as examples that ongoing process which occurs, we are in the area of real estate and payroll that's probably our largest next expense, we have probably changed the living conditions of close to 12,000 people who work for us just in the first six months of this year in terms of moving from existing space which were legacy leases into more modern open plan spaces. The net effect is you do become more productive when you're working like that and we’ve been able to on a net basis lower our future rentals by doing that. There's items in areas like that going throughout the whole cost system within the company to try to become more efficient.
John Wren: Sure. From your lips to God's ears, I would like a little inflation back in this business. It's a long, long time since we've had it. The problem is and I'm no economic expert, the problem is it's been what, six years since the Fed has been in these markets. And there's been a lot of growth not so much in the industry, but across the spectrum which has been effectively free for large companies that could access capital freely. It's hard to gauge the disruption it might have in some of the emerging markets. As we reinforce the strength of the dollar versus – through the interest rate mechanisms and actions versus other places in the world. So does it have a direct impact on the capital structures or the ability for advertising industry to function? No. And I think it will be a good long time because I think the Fed hikes when they come will be very gradual and take quite a period of time before they become impactful. So it's just yet another unknown. It's nothing that we fear is something that we watch and we try to gauge with our existing client base around the world.
John Wren: It's not significant. And you might, if enough new business was won in a particular quarter, you might see a minor blip because the least profitable time for someone in the agency business in dealing with the client is when we first acquire it because we have to gear up and put a team together and start to work. And oddly enough, some of the most profitable moments in the history of a client are after you’ve been put on notice. But to answer your question, I don't think it significantly moves the needle for anyone in the larger holding company type of environment.
Philip Angelastro: Just one thing to add, I think on the buyback front, we certainly have come off the last 12 months of some increased activity probably higher than we’ve historically bought back, mainly since we were out of the market for an extended period of time. I think we don’t foresee going back to those levels, the levels we were at in Q3 and Q4 of last year as well as Q2 of last year. But depending on the timing of the acquisitions and what we close and what we don’t get closed, that will have an impact on the buyback activity for the balance of the year.
Philip Angelastro: I think we’re fine and are finding that the margins are, as we described previously, we expect that overtime as we get more scale that the margins in programmatic space are going to approximate our media margins overall and we’re going to end up with a normal margin contribution relative to the rest of our media businesses. And I think we’re still on track to do that.
Philip Angelastro: Just give me one second, Craig, and I'll get that for you. I think it's about 1.6 million, a little over 1.6 million shares.
Philip Angelastro: I don't think we'd expect not to outspend, but depending on the timing of some acquisitions that we're working on, we'll probably come close in terms of an expectation of spending our free cash flow may be a little bit more and some things could change in the next six months between now and then. But I don't think you should expect that we'll outspend it to any significant degree, but we certainly will look to spend all the free cash flow by the end of the year and maybe a little bit more.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I think you know from John's comments, in the last question, I think we're going into these pitches in particular looking to provide value to clients and for clients look at that value and realize that to get what they need and to get the best services that they're going to need competitively priced it. We've approached the business and we'll continue to in approach the business looking for efficiencies internally and we've been down that path, we're going to continue down that path. We think we're pretty efficient, but we think there's certainly room for improvement and we're pushing pretty hard on several fronts as it relates to that. So we manage the business for the long-term. We're going to continue to make the investments that we think need to be made and find the right balance of growth and profitability and returns, and we're going to take whatever actions we think we need to get there. Some of them are certainly longer term in nature; some of them are shorter term in nature. But we expect to continue to manage the portfolio and maintain or improve over time our margin profile. So we don't think this is really any new or dramatically different. We've always realized we need to continue to push on the efficiency front. We’re going to continue to do that so that we can continue to generate the returns that our shareholders are looking for and generate the margins that we think will allow us to continue to invest in the business and have sustainable growth and sustainable profits.
Philip Angelastro: I think you got to give me a minute on the split, but I’m not sure I have it here, I may have to get back to you. But we've expanded over the last I'd say at this point 15 to 18 months to most of the significant markets outside the US where Accuen operates and where we see it operating. There might be some opportunity for some of the smaller markets outside the US that we're going to continue to pursue, but we're pretty much in any and all of the significant markets we expect to be in. So I think we see opportunity for Accuen to grow both in the US and outside the US, but there's a decent amount of the growth that's coming from the rest of the world. And I can get back to you with a more specific number, but it's probably this quarter say roughly around 50/50, US and outside the US.
Philip Angelastro: So on the analytics and programmatic front, I think our perspective is its still early days. Although we've been making investments for the last five years or so in our data and analytics platform, Annalect, and Accuen has been around now for, in a sizable way for the last year and a half or so to two years. We think it's still somewhat early days. We expect the growth opportunities to continue in the future, but as the businesses get bigger and the base gets bigger, we're not going to be surprised if the rate of growth slows a bit just because of the math of the numbers. But when you talk about the data and analytics side, and Accuen, we see some big opportunities there for using that platform to drive growth and drive insights through the rest of our lines of businesses, not just through the media business and the programmatic space. So we see some opportunities certainly in our CRM businesses and frankly the rest of our portfolio to utilize the data and analytics to actually drive some and find some meaningful insights that we can use and provide big ideas for our clients that are going to help us grow in areas other than just programmatic media. So we're optimistic for the opportunities in the future. A lot can change and will change as it has over the last few years here, but we think we've got a great set of assets that we're going to be able to build on.
