John Wren: Thanks. Well, there are -- where our domestic revenue is muted this year, but this time -- at this time, especially for the quarter were really in three principal businesses in -- and for the most part the project businesses. First, I will do branding, where we have just completed a management change, where we had an executive leave us in January and it was very difficult to replace him. And that executive and some of his colleagues who left us were really the people who were selling the product. So we -- it was a setback. It was a management problem. I think we solved the problem at this point. Second area is kind of in shopper marketing. There was two things that have happened there. In one instance, a very large client that's -- that will be competitive with AT&T after the Time Warner merger is completed was uncomfortable being in the same holding company, so they tossed -- they quit using that that shopper marketing company. And I'd say that the projects associated with some of the things which would have happened in the past have shifted a little bit, because of the difficulty that the retailers are going through. We will cycle through those problems and changing our product to be more adaptive to the current environment. And the third area was in PR, which was domestically down across the board, principally from projects not being executed. If you were to put 2% growth, which is what our hope and expectation was for the domestic business, that would have been an incremental $35 million to $40 million worth of revenue. Those three operations drag down strong performances in some of our other areas to get us to the net 0.25%. We are unhappy with it. We’ve forensically identified it and we’re taking actions to do something about it. So it's that not necessarily all the current chatter of competition from consulting firms. We are not really seeing them in the pitches that we are engaged with. I don’t know if that answers your question.
John Wren: Sure. Globally our CPG business is probably about 10% of our revenue and it's pretty -- which is when compared to our competitors probably a small percentage as we were always the smaller player. We've seen pressure as they've been under pressure in their operations. We've also seen pressure as a result of some of the divestitures that won very large companies going through. So we are trying to mitigate. We're trying to become more useful and meaningful to those clients. We have won some recent assignments, which are not yet reflected in revenue, because of the quality of our work. But I think when your client suffers, you suffer along with them a bit.
John Wren: You know we had field marketing in the first quarter, we still owned it. It did provide a drag to our organic revenue.
John Wren: Yes, the biggest business we disposed of in the United States was the print media business. And we disposed of it not because it was hurting us from an organic growth basis -- on a current basis, but we saw a very dark future for the needs that company -- the services that company provided. And so we took the decision that while it was still viable to sell it on to management who would have more flexibility in trying to run it and expanded services and that's what we actually did. So there was -- not a different reason other than just a quarterly organic growth calculation for motivating that disposition.
John Wren: Sure. Well, some of it is directly attributable to client wins like Volkswagen and brands Fiat in addition to the Volkswagen media. So there was a great deal of effort and a great deal of revenue associated with those taking over that account. Otherwise, in the U.K., we have some of the most excellent brands in the world -- in the U.K., and we’ve been taking a little -- we’ve been taking share that’s contributing to the growth and it depends on the month you go there. From a business confidence point of view even as they muddle through Brexit, the Europeans are more positive about their governments and what their future is, then I'm hearing in the United States I tried not to focus on the United States in my prepared remarks, but all the nonsense that’s been gridlocked that goes on in Washington does cause CEOs in the U.S to cut back on investments that they make. So Europe has been very strong for a few quarters for us and so we don't see that changing near-term.
John Wren: I -- my guess would be theoretically at some point in the future, there will be truth to that. I don't think it's the immediate situation. There is still a lot of controversy going on around brand safety where your message is going to appear where it’s running on the YouTube or somewhere else. And the testing that we've done and marketers have done indicates that there are still challenges there, and we believe that those challenges will get resolved over a period of time, but they’re not -- we’re not finished with all that at this point. Automation AI, all that as you go into the future is going to change the cost equation and better targeting as it happens allows you to do different things. But we're still in the very, very early stages of gaining nirvana.
John Wren: It certainly feels that way, but I don't have the empirical data to confirm it for you. There was, I guess, the Trump bump and that has waned a little bit as that old gridlock that you had in the capital and the simple thing is that they said they were going to focus on -- and the difficult things they said they were going to focus on haven't really materialized. And I think depending on the industry that you’re in, you’re seeing different challenges. If you’re in the retail industry, you’re seeing a set of challenges, because you’re getting disrupted by new competitors. If you're in food and beverage business, there are different challenges. All these without clarity on regulation and where the governments moving cause people just to not invest more than they know that they can get an immediate return on. There is nobody who can look out two or three years at this point, they would certainly that they’re going to know what tax policy is, but healthcare costs are going to be. And so, I think it causes many companies to cause in terms of the investments that they're trying to make, and advertising and marketing is part of what suffers along with other businesses as that occurs. Now in our particular case, I can claim that that influenced some of why we didn't perform to the level we wanted to, but it won't be so bold, I will take it on us, because these are things that we can remedy. We’ve identified where the issues are, but we didn’t identify them soon enough from my perspective, but we're working on them now. So the combination of all that, but I am optimistic we will crack this and crack them pretty soon.
John Wren: I’m very hopeful that they start to pick up certainly by the fourth quarter and hopefully in the third. You know in branding I’m fairly confident with new leadership. There is a period of time that you go through to get the projects and the assignments, but we’ve people working on that. In case of shopper marketing, half of the setback was because just one client didn't want to be in the same family after we won the AT&T and supposedly AT&T Time Warner business, because they felt uncomfortable not because of anything AT&T said to us. We will cycle through that. And in PR what we're doing is adjusting some of the leadership we -- typically you can take our people and you see that we have hunters and farmers, sometimes we get too many farmers in a place. We got to grab a few new hunters to start the place up. So these are all actionable areas. I can't promise you the day or the week that it's going to get fixed, but it's been identified and there are people working on it currently.
John Wren: But we’re drilling down into regions and its very important to us, but I would remind you that the way Omnicom is built, it was built with the services, diverse number of services across its many geographies so that as a result of what you see this quarter when one region isn't performing we’ve been able to compensate it with growth that we've seen in other regions with the intention in the design of the company and the constant revisions that we make in the company. So -- yes, what I feel better if I had 2% growth in North America which yielded 3.5%, 3.7% growth overall, I think everybody would be relaxed that’s on this call. But because of the way it is -- but the system was designed to generate consistent growth and we're pointing out some of the [technical difficulty].
John Wren: I think you should just think that we remain cautiously optimistic, but conservative. And our internal targets probably exceed with our overall public confidence.
John Wren: You know what in speaking to our media people, so this isn't as far all the response as you want to that question. We saw the forecasts for the upfront budgets go up somewhere between 3% to 5%, but it's a -- what it is when compared to the prior year is they pulled forward out of last year's -- last year they were lower and went into the scatter market. They were kind of disappointed with the inventory that was there. So this year, they went into the upfront wanting to lock in the programming that they saw. So that that's our sense. So it's more of a movement of upfront and probably a weaker scatter market in the back half of this year. In terms of some other things I think because of the brand safety and some of the other issues, money that would have been diverted and gone into video, many large advertisers held back a bit in their commitments in that area. And then when you look at the pricing, the audience continues to erode and pricing has stayed high and that's why you’re seeing higher pricing. So you should see mid to high single-digit increases as this rolls out, I would say.
John Wren: It would be hard to -- I can't bet how Google and Facebook nor Amazon or so I agree with you in that respect.
John Wren: First Amazon, it's an incredible company. And I think it's changing the attitudes of how retail is done and they’re also fearless in their exploration of doing retail in different ways. I think it changes the landscape considerably from just a few years ago in terms of taxes, thoughts, services, and the -- that the shopper marketing companies that we have will provide. A lot of what shopper marketing for us is sitting in strategically planning with major advertisers, how they’re going to go to market and how they’re going to attract consumer either by someone putting in a basket for Amazon or Walmart's online services and different approaches in need. So it's gone from a business that a few years ago had probably an equal number of thinkers to doers to primarily thinkers who are sitting down and strategically planning with their clients how they’re going to move their products. So the business has changed, but the business and the expertise is still terribly important.
Philip Angelastro: But in the U.S field marketing actually isn't that -- we never had that big of a presence in the U.S. The businesses that the primary dispositions happened outside the U.S and we still do own a business that's largely European-based and we are certainly not out of the business entirely. So the business we’ve European business we have -- is doing fine, but it is a challenging segment and we certainly spent a lot of time focused on that -- on that area.
Philip Angelastro: Just to try and touch on your earlier question, Alexi, we don't really do a pro forma of what are our organic growth would have been, had we not done the dispositions were, what the impact would have been otherwise. I’m not sure if that answers your question, but …
Philip Angelastro: I imagine it's possible. We just don't collect the data in that fashion. And when you get down to individual client contracts, individual change orders, individual projects, it's pretty challenging to cut it that way and we’re not focused on it at that level of detail to kind of say X percent of the business is project-based. I think certainly some of the businesses we have are much more project-based than others. So we've pretty good sense of that. We don't have those -- I don’t have those numbers off top of my head though, but we don’t exactly cut it up that way.
Philip Angelastro: Certainly though -- overall our expectations for the year haven't changed. We still expect growth to be in the range of 3%, 3.5%. And as we sit here today and we look out they pass the third quarter into the fourth quarter, we got the typical amount of -- we had a little bit of lack of visibility into the fourth quarter as we always do. But in terms of the overall expectations they haven't changed.
Philip Angelastro: On the capital allocation front, I think you see a little bit of an increase in buybacks certainly year-over-year. Our acquisition spending during that same period, first six months of '17 versus '16 is down as well. The mix of the two are not as different as just looking at the buyback number this year versus last year. I think you can expect to see us be consistent in terms of our approach in our policy. John did refer to dividend being on Board's agenda at its next meeting. And as soon as that happens we will certainly let everybody know. Of course buybacks in the second half I think depending on what acquisitions we're able to close, that’s largely going to drive whether there is an increase in the second half versus last year second half.
