John Wren: When you take a look at our geography, $8.5 billion, $8.8 billion of our revenue is generated in the United States, and so it is a big number. And before you start any kind of division or a subtraction or addition, where some of our largest accounts not the biggest accounts we have but $10 million, $20 million accounts is where we suffered losses as we suggested in our comments in the beginning part of the last year. So that’s one of the reasons. So that constrains our overall growth and it has for three quarters of last year and will probably for the first and possibly the second quarter of this year before we cycle fully through those losses and offset it by gains. Now there is a lot of activity going on in the marketplace and we’ve won quite a number of pieces of that business and a significant portion of them are based in the United States, but we won’t start to – because of the 60, 90-day clauses that our competitors had in those contracts, we won’t see the addition of that revenue until later on in the year. So that’s the primary reason for it. It’s not that we’re underperforming. We’re not. We know full well what and why we’re performing at the level we are and where we’ve had to make management changes because we weren’t getting the kind of level of activity that we wanted, we’ve made those changes. It takes a while for those people to make a contribution. So there’s a lot of activity underlying the numbers but you have to look at the sheer size of the United States to our portfolio in order to fully sort of understand why you’re not getting a similar growth in smaller markets, you know $10 million or $20 million account win and add from a percentage point of view a much larger percentage.
John Wren: If I had to make a generalization, I’d say client conflict is less of an issue, far less of an issue. Quite a number of our clients are prospective clients and RFPs that come in really wanting Omnicom solutions. They’re no longer simply looking for a particular brand or particular aspect of our business. And that allows us to create different types of business models and ring-fence them in such a way that conflicts are not what they once were when we were smaller.
John Wren: Well, assuming everything stays at a steady state and we fully expect it to, in terms of wins, losses, opportunities, we should start to see improvement in the latter part of the year and certainly 2019. We made a complete change of top management both globally and in the United States about two quarters ago, and as I said it takes some time and it takes opportunities that are provided by clients -- then we have to win them. But we should have cycled through whatever losses we had and then I’m expecting positive growth. The other thing which becomes a smaller problem each particular quarter is the –this isn’t just OMD, this is in the media group is programmatic in the way we do it. A lot of our clients over the course of the last five quarters have shifted – especially in the United States have shifted from a bundled way of purchasing to an unbundled methodology of purchasing. It doesn’t necessarily change our profitability or the number of accounts or the number of people that we serve. As a matter of fact, we’re growing in that area. What it does do is it has an impact on the reported revenue. So that also has an impact which if somebody’s just focused on top line, it’s “Oh my God.” If somebody’s focused on the substance and the profitability of the business, it’s actually a growing area.
John Wren: Well, one of the reasons for our guidance is there’s – you won’t see it as much in numbers simply we reported but I suspect you’re going to start to see some weird aberrations as a competitor’s report. There was a significant change in accounting and couldn’t affect our numbers very much. But based on some of the signals that our competitors have laid out I do believe that you’re going to see a great deal of confusion out there for the next couple of quarters. You won’t see that confusion in Omnicom but you’ll see it in other places. Clients are under different amounts of pressure. You see it in what they report. The world is changing and changing rapidly and what we’re doing is we’re trying to grow our base, we’re trying to make investments and often times those are internal investments. We set up as we always have for consistent growth going forward. That means there’s a change in the way that we service clients and everybody in the world is trying in a 2% growth, 3% growth world is focusing on efficiency among first and foremost. And so things that were done in the past which were nice to have are no longer done. Things are being done differently because of changes in technology and the impact that that has. There is no one big single item that’s occurring. But we’re rebuilding the airplane that’s flying it 560 miles an hour at 39,000 feet as we speak. I think we’ve done a pretty successful job at it and will continue to do that. But there’s an awful lot of changes to the component parts of how we’re servicing our clients.
John Wren: One thing I might add to that – I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to cut your question – is the last several years your ability to gather information and create platforms which will allow you to more closely target whoever your consumer is, that has moved very, very rapidly. It’s no longer simply just targeting people of being able to reach them, the devices that they use. Now you have to reach that consumer, engage them in something – a type of creative that is of interest to them and you have to be able to do that at scale. I think as I said in my prepared remarks, the IP that Omnicom has because being able to do those targeting exercises and everything else really becomes table stakes as we go into the future. But to be able to have a creative engagement that you can do at scale to individuals is what is going to make the difference as the next level of communications.
John Wren: I do have those stacked some place. But on average and I haven’t looked at it – I didn’t look at it in particular this quarter. But I’d say that if you looked at just the top 25, we’ve been expanding those relationships and on average that growth exceeds the overall growth of the report as a company.
John Wren: We’ve been rebuilding the team at our precision marketing group and we’ve hired quite a number of very talented people. We’re integrating the platforms that we’re utilizing to deliver our products into the Annalect platforms and expanding that. And quite a bit of work has already been accomplished but I’d have to say we still have a little bit more to do before we’ll be fully satisfied with what we have. I have rather extensive meetings backend of next week to get a complete up-to-date status on exactly where we are but I’m very comfortable with the progress we have made. Like everything else, I wish we were done. We’re not but we’re very, very close. And then it’s just a process of selling that into the marketplace. So that’s an area of expected growth not maybe for the next quarter but certainly as I look out into the backend of the year and in 2019. But there’s a lot of upside there for us that we haven’t yet taken advantage of. And I took so long to answer that question; I forgot the other part of your question.
John Wren: I think it’s a combination to be perfectly honest with you. My confidence comes from specifics that have happened within Omnicom, wins that I know we have coming onboard and what’s happening to our individual business. So that’s where my confidence is coming from. I also expect that consumers probably see increasingly get comfortable with the additional cash that they have in their pockets which they probably didn’t see in January and February but started to see after a couple of months of the new tax bill. So I think it’s a combination of events, but my comments were more specifically focused on what’s occurred within the various accounting – the various groups within Omnicom.
John Wren: Cautiously optimistic is a phase I’ve been using for the last several years and I’ll stick with that.
John Wren: In terms of what’s occurring with our competitor, I don’t know a great deal more than any of you because most of my intelligence is coming from the newspaper reports and the rest of it. In many ways I have a great deal of respect for Martin. I’ve competed against him the last 25 years and very honorably. I know that he was in the process of evaluating his own portfolio. I don’t know what conclusion the new leadership will reach. In terms of Kantor and the other names that are being bantered about, that’s not a key focus for our acquisition. So I would imagine if that’s what they decide to sell – any one of the number of other buyers including probably private equity. So I can’t – I’m not much help when it comes to answering that question directly for you. I’m sorry.
Philip Angelastro: And our agencies are certainly focused on our clients’ customer and the consumer primarily and there’s an awful lot of change that’s been occurring especially rather rapidly in terms of consumer behavior. And our clients work with us on a daily basis on trying to come up with new ways and strategies for how to reach that consumer in this rapidly changing technological environment and rapidly changing media landscape. So there’s an awful lot more opportunity for our clients to change their approach to how to reach the consumer in the most efficient and effective way and I think some of that change certainly offers opportunities but it also causes clients to think a little bit about where they’re going to invest and how much they’re going to invest in addition to some of the cost pressures they’re facing.
Philip Angelastro: I think just to be clear though, John, we at this point are not changing our view for the year in terms of 2% to 3% as an expectation but we’re certainly optimistic.
Philip Angelastro: So the majority of the change certainly happened in North America and will roll out for the remainder of the year in North America. The piece of the change that relates to our incentive compensation provisions and our client arrangements, that’s pretty much spread globally and it’s spread consistently throughout the disciplines, more or less. So there’s not a concentration in one place or another. And as far as disciplines, it’s in the CRM consumer experience discipline is where the large part of the change occurred and can be expected to kind of continue to roll out throughout the rest of the year.
Philip Angelastro: No. In terms of numbers, two things. As far as the change in the revenue number, the numbers by quarter we expect them to be relatively consistent plus or minus a few million here or there. And in total, about 150 million for the year is our estimate. And then as far as the impact on EBIT, ultimately we expect that to just be a timing difference. So by the time you finish the year, you’re only talking about a difference of a couple million bucks probably.
Philip Angelastro: And in terms of the events business, I don’t have an Olympics number separately but probably the majority or more than half anyway of the growth in CRM consumer experience is from our events businesses and a variety of things, certainly not Olympics.
Philip Angelastro: No, those are two separate things. So the pension adjustment we’re required to restate the prior year to show the presentation consistently. So it’s about $6 million in '18 and $6 million in '17 that got re-classed out of our operating expenses below operating income. So that had really no impact other than if you’re calculating a margin percentage on operating income, it went up a little bit each year. So year-on-year no change. And then as far as 606, had we applied the prior year’s revenue recognition accounting 605 we would have recorded about 6 million, 6.5 million more of EBIT just because of the timing of the incentives that we booked consistently over the years. That change requires us to book those incentives differently and that’s the timing difference. That ultimately will lead to maybe a 1 million or 2 million of difference for the full year. It resulted in less EBIT in the first quarter, about 6 million the new way.
