John Wren: Sure. I think the largest of the acquisitions which we closed in early April, it was the print media business is focus in the U.S. primarily and they have an operation in Canada. The rest of our dispositions occurred both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., so it isn't just U.S. exclusively. Some of the field marketing operations are in the U.S. and some are outside of the U.S. So the mix is a primarily North American of the total dispositions that we completed to-date. And then on the organic growth front, certainly we think going forward is going to be a benefit from the dispositions to our overall organic growth profile. But in terms of the size of the numbers, it takes an awful lot to kind of move the needle. So, we don't want to anticipate a significant increase in the profile in the immediate term, but we think as closing of these businesses was the right thing from a long term strategic perspective, they didn’t really fit our strategies regarding sustainable long-term revenue growth and profit growth.
John Wren: No. We make the assumption that there’s going to continued pressure especially big box type of retailer. I take the view that pressure is not going away any time soon and the storage that you see out there principally showrooms where people go and see the products that they want to buy, touch them, feel them, but then they go back home and purchase them online.  And some of the stats that came out of the credit card companies in year end show a real increase for the very first time. It’s always been increasing. But I think it exceeded almost 30% of year-end sales which is to me a tipping point of how things are moving, going to move going forward.
John Wren: That is why intrude strategically with some of the dispositions that we did were not only domestically but internationally are in the field marketing businesses because whereas they’ve contributed to growth at a low margin in the past what we see going forward is still going to low margin, but the growth that they’re going to able to contribute is going to be really stifled. So it was good to sell them to people who want them and have different objectives than we do.
John Wren: And you should be careful of how you read that. The underlying business actually grew except for clients instead of buying it on a bundled basis that moved to buying it as an agent, they using us as an agent to procure those services. So the business itself is very healthy, but the method in which our services approaches changed and that's why we get the mathematical solution that you got.
John Wren: Yes. The more and more brand-based advertisers look for ways to effectively target the consumer that they're trying to reach through programmatic. They’re more likely to choose the more traditional approach and we’re fine with that. Its still early days in the programmatic space, as John had said business continues to grow and we’re happy to offer to our clients in whichever way they find most useful. But Accuen being flat for the quarter, we don't really look at it is as if somehow that drag down our growth profile, mean it essentially flat for the quarter. We don't expect that it's going to go back to growth profile we had on prior years. We think this shift may continue and as long as the underlying business continues to grow that's fine with us.
John Wren: But you had this morning. You had the U.K. announcing an election in June. In Turkey you had a very narrow win this past Sunday, which linked into a change the way that their government efforts. Though I think everybody I speak to is cautious. They’re not – there are still animal spirits out there and everybody is hoping that just a number of these initiatives around the world especially those in the United States get pushed through what seems to have slept is the timing of when you might see those benefits, but they haven't given up hope. But as a result we have to plan a business. You have to take all that into consideration and plan for what you know and not for what you hope for. And so there hasn’t -- when you see, in fact that we haven't changed our guidance for the rest of the year when it comes to the top line and it's really reflective of that caution and what clients are committing to us versus if some of these things happen or they pass quietly we’re prepared to grow with the marketplace.
John Wren: But if I heard the question correctly, the 30 basis points is really predicated off of last year's performance and we don’t see this dispositions and any income or that they contributed will make that up in making our numbers.
John Wren: I think Google’s dominance continues especially in search. It’s an important alternative and I would never underestimate over the longer run, but at what Amazon is capable of doing. But if you are looking at 2017 or the more immediate future I’d only list it as an important alternative to Google and that’s somebody who I anticipate is going to take most you know their market share in the short run.
John Wren: And mind you MacDonald’s we had a lot of that underlying work already, we were able to consolidate North America, the way that we won the business. I thought it was incremental and just start off....
John Wren: You know we’ve got a big portfolio of businesses. We had a lot of wins and a lot of losses unfortunately. We’re trying to dwell on the losses but certainly these wins were an exclusive that there are some ups and downs in the broader portfolio and that’s part of the strategy to have a broad diverse portfolio that can provide some consistency and less volatility, so certainly there is some other offsetting, some factors offsetting the contributions of the new wins, but we are happy with the underlying performance of the businesses that generated the wins and we continue to work with all the businesses in our portfolio. You want to take the branding....
John Wren: In terms of Latin, we were pleasantly surprised although it’s early days to see Brazil stabilize and I think the new government down there or most of that’s behind them, so we should continue to see incremental improvement. We also expanded at the end of the year in Colombia and we’re just first bedding those companies down into our portfolio. So I’m bullish in the long run on Latin America, there’s a lot of population. They have gone through a lot of difficulty but they seem to have been, had great strides in fixing many of the problems or atleast addressing many of the problems. In terms of your second question...
Philip Angelastro: Most of the sale with the exception of Novus happened early in the first quarter, so they themselves didn’t have much of an impact in organic growth.
Philip Angelastro: I think, overall the portfolio of businesses that we’ve disposed off probably would have dragged or broke down a bit, but not to a great degree if you look at it on an annualized basis. I think the driver -- the key driver of why we’ve taken this direction is the future growth profile of these businesses. So while in any one quarter in the past 12 months or so, they might have marginally impacted our growth profile to a small degree, probably negatively. We think going forward, the chances of them growing in any consistent meaningful way versus the chances of them continuing to kind of define strategically. We think the chances of decline prospectively, much more likely which was the key driver behind the disposition strategy. As far as couple of other items you have there, Accuen is basically flat for the quarter, so no real growth in Accuen this quarter. It was actually down slightly in North America. And from our perspective it's not unexpected.
Philip Angelastro: A neutral impact on the calculation of organic growth, but it's kind of one of those very odd doesn't happened or hasn’t happened very much in the past. The way that we offer those services are on a bundled and in undisclosed basis and on a disclosed basis lot of the clients have shifted to wanting those services on a fully disclosed basis which puts us in the position of treating it as if we were their agent and not selling them a product. So the underlying business is healthy. It just doesn't reflect in the math of how you would go about calculating organic growth.
Philip Angelastro: I think it’s probably in the 70% to 75% ballpark. So if you said three quarters of it as North America, that’s probably about right. I don't have a schedule in front of me that does the math. But I think that’s about right.
Philip Angelastro: Yes. I think the businesses themselves certainly have lower margins in the overall on the account profile. And if you wanted to assume somewhere in mid-single digits that's probably roughly a good rough assumption.
Philip Angelastro: Okay, I’ll take the first one. So, the answer is yes, all those wins have been contributing at this point. P&G and AT&T go back to 16 P&G probably started with Hearts & Science in the second quarter and most of the wins you referenced the large and medium wins other than MacDonald’s. VW [ph] just started up January 1st and it’s a global business win for us for PHD not just North America. AT&T probably started in the fourth quarter of 2016 and MacDonald’s also recently started in early 2017 for us as well, so that gives you the sense of the timing.
Philip Angelastro: By all means. In terms of promotions versus brand, advertising of the bigger, the of the P&G's of the world, that really hasn't been the primary shift atleast I don’t believe, I think what you are seeing is almost an evaluation as to the number of vendors that those big advertisers use, a reduction or a consolidation of the number of vendors that they use and then zero based budgeting type of activity which has – we produced this ad, do we really need to test it in six markets for 12-weeks in an old traditional fashion or is there other ways to find out whether we are reaching the audiences or not. That’s technology, the changing consumer, all that all has an impact on all those individual decisions and I think that’s what you see going on as those companies like our own and others look to make certain that if you can reduce an expense than get at it, and so that’s what I really think is going on and I think it’s a permanent trend for some of those big companies who try to make their marketing dollars work more efficiently.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, in terms of you know if the growth continues I think we are – John’s comments earlier on in terms of our expectations for the rest of the year and given the uncertainty that’s out there we are certainly not committing beyond I think what we said, but you know in terms of the contribution or the potential contribution we are always looking to try to find the right balance between where do we invest, how much do we invest and you know wanting to grow, so I think you’ll continue to see us look to leverage the business but you’ll also continue to see us look to reinvest in the business so that we can build more sustainable future growth as opposed to keeping a short term focus.
