Philip Angelastro: I’ll start and then John can add his comments. I think for 2020 in terms of where we are in our planning cycle for the year right now, our expectations are similar to what they were at this point in 2019. So we see an organic growth range of 2% to 3% again for 2020. And with respect to margins, we’re going to continue to focus on growing EBIT dollars. That’s been our focus all along. That’s how we approach planning and executing our business and it’s been successful. We’re always looking for opportunities for improvement and efficiencies throughout the organization. We’re particularly focused or have been in the last 3 or 4 years in the areas of real estate and back office, and IT. We’re going to continue to do that. And at the same time, we’re going to continue to invest for growth, especially in the areas of data and analytics. Training and some other initiatives as we always strive to find the right balance between those investments and finding sustainable growth. So for 2020 at this point in our planning cycle, we expect margins to approximate what they were in 2019, so flat for now. And we’ll see how it goes as the year evolves.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I think we’re going to continue to look at the entire portfolio as we through our planning process and all throughout the year. Identify businesses that strategically may make sense for disposition. We’ve been through – we believe we’ve been through the bulk of that process as far as acquisitions of size. But we’re always open to reconsiderations and there is a lot of change that’s happened in our industry. We expect that change to continue. We don’t have any particular meaningful businesses targeted to disposition at this point. And we think a bunch of the execution and support businesses that we have are going to get back to being positive growth, maybe not high growth businesses with good returns, with some exceptions. There are some that is still cycling through some of the issues that they faced in 2019. But the part of the portfolio represents is a smaller part of our portfolio now than it was over the last few years. And some of those businesses are really good businesses and have always been. They’ve overshadowed by some of the underperformers within that group or grouping. So I think you can expect we’re going to continue to work with the management teams to look for opportunities for growth and improvement and to the extent that we feel strategically we’re not going to continue to invest in them and they’re not – and they are opportunities for good returns for disposition we may continue to consider going down that route too.
Philip Angelastro: I think, we typically see as we head into the fourth quarter, there’s somewhere around $200 million to $250 million of project work that is typically available for our agencies to achieve. And our agencies do typically achieve something in that range. Some years, it’s a little bit lower. Some years, they actually do a little bit better. And there is a whole variety of factors, and it’s not just when we speak about that in the fourth quarter, it’s not just our project based businesses alone that are actively pursuing year-end project opportunities with their clients. So I think, this year was probably similar to maybe a little bit better than last year’s fourth quarter, and I think, if you go back to 2018, it probably wasn’t as good a performance where there wasn’t as much of it that we were able to convert in that fourth quarter. But that’s a typical range that we see, it’s hard to actually put your finger on every dollar, and whether where – what exactly the client situation was that led to us being able to capture those dollars. So that’s traditionally what we found, and it’s been pretty consistent over the years.
Philip Angelastro: I think overall, it wasn’t disproportionately higher or lower than our overall growth rate. I think, if you go through the numbers we’ve been through on the call. You can see Media, Advertising and Healthcare grew better than the overall portfolio, and some of the overall portfolio, namely PR, CRM Execution & Support, in particular, either didn’t grow. So by that, you can include the 3 that did grow or the primary drivers of our growth grew at a little bit higher rate than our overall average rate for the quarter and the year. And I think, each of those businesses had a good year and did well and drove our growth overall. But as far as the specific percentages, I think, we provide quite a bit of information to give you a good sense of that. But I don’t think there’re any dramatic – anything dramatically different about that part of our portfolio. And some of our Media business is actually in like markets such as Brazil and some others are integrated into the advertizing businesses. They aren’t standalone media businesses, so it’s hard to pull out exactly how much of the growth in those markets came from standalone media versus advertizing, because they are integrated. And as far as shares go, in the fourth quarter, I’m not quite sure I follow in detail your observation. But we can go through that after the call. I think certainly we bought back through share repurchases as little bit more in the fourth quarter this year than we did in the prior year. And maybe what you’re seeing has something to do with just the way the year-end averages get complied. And we haven’t seen the effects just yet.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, yeah, you kind of – you will see I think more of that or an acceleration of that effect when you get into 2021as the averages start over.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. I think given when the markets open, we probably have time for one more call – one more question.
Philip Angelastro: I’ll take the China question. I think – our growth this year in China was largely due to some performance challenges. I think we lost a couple of clients. And frankly, as a portfolio, our agencies, with some exceptions, but our agencies didn’t perform as well as they did the year before frankly. I think the current situation presents a very different set of challenges. So until we get some more clarity and so the situation resolves itself, I think our expectations are similar to everybody else is there is just little bit too much uncertainty to have a clear picture as to how it’s going to roll out in China. And in the Middle East, I think we’ve got some good businesses that we expect to continue to grow. But as an overall percentage of Omnicom’s portfolio and Omnicom’s growth, we don’t expect that to be significant or meaningful. But it’s been a nice part of our portfolio and we’ve got some nice businesses over there that have been doing well and we certainly expect them to continue to do well.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, the more complexity there is in the marketplace, the more clients need our expertise and need us to help them solve some of the challenges that this creates for them, not just for us.
John Wren: The size of China or us is – it’s probably a little bit less than 1.5% of our revenues. And I think given that size, we typically don’t disclose every country-by-country organic revenue growth percentage, but if you give me a minutes, I’ll just double check it. So for the year, the year China – China’s organic growth was negative, so I think in the mid single digits in 2019.
John Wren: Sure. Most of the conversations we’ve had, lot of that was clients in the U.S. U.S. economy continues to be strong and clients are trying to take advantage of the growth that they see in the marketplace. Obviously, with the election coming up, there is some cautiousness that goes along with that. But for the most part, I’d have to say it’s a net positive. Once again into Europe, the markets – it changes market by market. The real behind-the-scene conversations about Brexit are – is uncertainty, not so much for 2020, but post-2020, as businesses decide where they have to be positioned and what needs to get done. France is – the market’s okay. We’ve suffered an individual loss in some of our execution businesses, which affect our numbers, but the market’s okay. In Germany, Germany is a question market at this point. Not a negative, but a question mark, especially since, I think, it was last night, the expected success that Angela Merkel decided she would not be running to that position. So we don’t have any better information at the moment. Russia continues to be a strong performing market for us. I don’t know if that covers most of the things, you want me to cover.
John Wren: Sure. Well, I think the utilization of Omni and especially Q, which I mentioned in my remarks, will benefit PR business in some of their assignments. The other activity that’s going on – now let me frame it, even though, we’ve had some difficulty with a couple of percentage points loss here and there, the profitability of the PR division has been and remains very strong. So the opportunity is a marketplace opportunity, it’s not anything structurally to do with the business at this point. And we’re continuing to go through and evaluate. Recently, John Doolittle took over for Karen van Bergen as the head of that practice area. And we’re sitting down and taking into the hard look at where we get our revenue, what we can expect in the future and what changes we want to make to the business. So it’s an opportunity from my perspective, it’s not really a problem. It’s just constantly running 1% or 2% below the prior year. And technology will help that as well. Q especially, which has just been – it’s been in development for over 5 years, but it’s just been added to the Omni offering. I believe will particularly help the PR business in some of the things that they’re doing.
John Wren: I’ll let Phil answer some of these. Are you applying for a job? Because some of the detailed questions are probably questions a few employees that actually look at it. We are not in the business of segregating our businesses in a particular market. We haven’t done in the past, but our events business – our main business is Media, Advertising and Public Relations in that market. Events add something to it, but I’m not going to get into the dissection of that for disclosure. So I apologize for that. But what was the second? The – go ahead.
John Wren: With respect to your first question regarding cookies, honestly, we’ve been expecting this for some time now. It’s not new news to us. It will make targeting a little bit more challenging than it was in the past. Then it certainly will make Google stronger. But in anticipation of it, that’s why we work so diligently on the creation of Omni and the enhancements that we made to it. In the future, it’s not just going to be the data, it also has a lot to do with the execution, which you actually do with that data and how you process it. Clients, other people have other sources, which we can get access to from first-party data, which can be used to accomplish many of the objectives that were made a little bit easier with cookies.
John Wren: Very minor. But I expect, because we’ve been adjusting and we’ve been anticipating this for some period of time. There will be changes to everything. What happens today will be different to what happens tomorrow. But we’re not threatened by it. And it makes us more valuable.
