Randall J. Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We've posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. But before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that's included in the back of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review the financial performance for the quarter in more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Okay. I'll do the second part of the question. So periodically, when we have larger office moves, CapEx can spike a little bit because of buildout. So this year, we have a couple of those. BBDO in New York being one and being the largest. It also looks like we're going to acquire an office space in Florida, so that would a little bit of CapEx layout. And then from an IT centralization standpoint, we've been working for a few years now to bring together our data centers by -- at least by network. So a number of those initiatives are being developed this year. So that will have a modest increase in CapEx, maybe to the tune, in aggregate, an increase of $20 million to $30 million.
Randall J. Weisenburger: In the current year, I don't think there will be any. It may actually be an increase in cost because we're going through the transition period of moving IT from existing locations, so we'll continue to have those costs creating the centers, obviously have those costs and we'll end up running those capabilities parallel for some period of time. On an ongoing basis, we think it will enhance our capabilities. We think it will give us more robust systems and a lot of standardization around the network. And hopefully, it will lead to efficiencies as well.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think it's a combination of general improvement in the segment. We're rebounding but frankly, the business broadly was pretty solid really over the last couple of quarters, and it just kind of wasn't appearing in the numbers. So I don't think it's a big rebound or a big turnaround. Our businesses are in very good shape. They've done a good job with their clients. It's just starting. I guess, it's really just coming back into the numbers.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. There's really 2 numbers. They're like, one is what we bought and the other is what we bought, net. So we spent about $152 million net, so that'd be about -- I think we reduced the share count probably about 3 million, but we bought 5.3 million shares.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, I think it was really across the board. Our brand communications businesses were very strong in the quarter. New business wins over the past few quarters have been very strong. Never quite know with some of the new business wins when the revenue is going to actually start coming through fully. So I think it's a combination of things.
Randall J. Weisenburger: See, acquisitions in that region take quite a bit of time. We closed this quarter the NIM acquisition, which we've been working on for over a year. I remember having met with them several times last year, possibly even the year before. So transactions in that region can take some time. I think we're just as committed to looking and have just as good a pipeline, maybe even a better pipeline than we've had over the past and certainly have a lot of resources focused on it.
Randall J. Weisenburger: It wouldn't be as a result of acquisitions. It would be our desire to increase or just adjust our leverage. We control our leverage really through the amount of share repurchases that we do. We would love to spend as much money, frankly, as we can on good quality acquisitions that create a lot of value for our shareholders. The balance of the money really is how much stock we repurchase.
Randall J. Weisenburger: As far as social media or earned media platforms, they have been -- or that trend has been a factor now for a while and is certainly one of the drivers that are helping our industry outpace, I will say, normal industry growth or normal GDP type growth. Obviously, market is getting more complex as there's more and more of these platforms and more media opportunities or communication opportunities with potential customers. It's our agencies jobs to come up with innovative marketing solutions for their clients utilizing the full array of marketing mediums and technologies that are available. Obviously, that takes a lot of time and in general, we're getting paid for our time.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I've been reading that people are saying 3% to 5% growth for the year. While we don't give forecast or guidance, 3% to 5% sounds certainly like a reasonable range. We peg this, we probably say 4%, plus or minus 1%, which I guess gets us to that same 3% to 5% spot.
Randall J. Weisenburger: No, that's impossible to really forecast. We don't close deals until they're ready, until we've completed our work, until we're confident that they can be properly integrated into our business and to our accounting of financial systems. When that all comes together, the deal closes.
Randall J. Weisenburger: The first part was were the creative agencies growing and absolutely. They're big drivers, and that's somewhat of a disconnect in the idea that there's digital firms growing and there's the creative firms. Well in our approach, our creative firms are fully integrated. They're coming up with great ideas and executing those ideas across mediums and disciplines and whether it's social media, online or great TV, they're the center of that idea creation and execution. We also mentioned our media companies growing. Our media business has been doing extremely well across fronts, both in I'll say more traditional media, although I'm not sure that exists anymore because the programs are mostly integrated. But they've developed excellent digital capabilities and analytics capabilities, all of which are helping them to drive their growth.
Randall J. Weisenburger: They're the same business. So it's our businesses with just a different from profile. In China, we're probably 85% or 90% multinationals. In Russia, we're probably 50% or 60% multinationals. Latin America, I think is fairly similar to that, probably in that 50% range. So really depends upon the market.
Randall J. Weisenburger: I think we've got time for one more call assuming or one more question, assuming there's one in the queue.
Randall J. Weisenburger: It tends to be the more stable of our lines. It's obviously smaller, so smaller variances can bounce around. But it is less highly correlated to revenue, obviously, than salary and service.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes, but there's also areas of investment that are also going on. Our job is to try to balance the 2 of them out and deliver overall margin, so we're very comfortable in being able to achieve our margin targets for 2012. Where that's going to actually come out or which line item, I think we're -- I think that's a little hard to predict.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Not off the top of my head. If -- we'll get back to you with a number, assuming we have it at this point.
Randall J. Weisenburger: Yes. Basically, we use our share repurchases for 2 things. We're committed to spending all of our free cash flow on a combination of dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases. Acquisitions is, obviously, the one that is most difficult at the time. We use share repurchases to basically balance that out and also to balance out the leverage levels that we want to have. In all likelihood, we'll probably -- if we follow a similar pattern to past, we'll probably buy more shares in the first half of the year, see how acquisitions go and then sort of finish the year out at the leverage levels that we want. And thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call.
John D. Wren: To the first part of your question, this is John, margins. We're comfortable in giving a forecast of what our margins are going to be this year. Obviously, we're constantly working on becoming more efficient. We'll continue to do that. But at this point, I don't think we want to lay out our objectives beyond 12/31/12.
John D. Wren: There's no instability. There's uncertainty, I guess. They're going through their elections now. And so people are distracted on other things and they're distracted by Greece and Spain and implications for the whole EU. So we're not seeing any great setbacks, but we're not seeing any plans for expansion in our conversations.
John D. Wren: It's been years back. It's never -- new business is never as much as half. Just as a generalization, historically speaking, it's generally about 1/3.
John D. Wren: In part, some of the delays and the setbacks we have is that drugs, which we had anticipated, were going to get approval and be out in the market. We didn't get that final approval. In one case, we lost a few pieces of business, but we've since won more business in the same therapeutic category. I think it's going to be a tough year for -- in the pharma business. We might see a slight improvement over what we saw in the first quarter, but it's still going to be a tough year.
John D. Wren: There certainly wasn't too much in the way of timing. I think it was across the board, to tell you the truth.
John D. Wren: I don't think -- well, we certainly wouldn't want to think we've changed. We continue to look and we're getting closer on a number of possibilities.
John D. Wren: I'd say that social media is a central part though of just about all the major campaigns that we do today. And it's a big part of what our PR companies do. It's a big part of what our advertising agencies do. It's a big part of what our media companies do. And if you're there, I bet you in May when we sit with -- we discern who -- what campaigns did well in Con and some other festivals, we're going to find fully integrated ones that really took advantages of the social media and had earned and unearned media associated with the ones that are going to succeed.
John D. Wren: Sure. If you're comparing to last year's second quarter, that was an outlier, an outperformer last year. I think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, I think it was something on the order of 8.4%. So I don't expect that. That was -- there were a lot of unique reasons for that, and plus the business over the years has flattened out a little bit so to follow the historic patterns of what it did in 2007 even. So we have concerns. We're cautiously optimistic. Europe has to remain stable and not affect the rest of the world. The U.S. has to continue to grow, and Asia looks okay now whereas a week ago, I might have had greater uncertainty, so it's not something we can predict. It's something we prepare for and then we take advantage of when we can.
John D. Wren: No. No. I mean the areas we can control are below revenue. And that's what our -- that's where we spend a great deal of time. And we make sure we're prepared to take advantage of revenue opportunities when they arise.
John D. Wren: Oftentimes, getting a handshake is the easiest part of the process and then making certain that procedures and everything else are in alignment take a disproportionate -- take an appropriate, apparently, amount of time, but take a long time.
John D. Wren: Barter is about flat year-over-year. It is a business. Trading desk is an incredible platform, and its limitations are -- it's only limited by the amount of inventory it can free from the publishers, which we're always working on exchanges and private exchanges and the like to get value that we want. So that's a business that -- that's a business of the present and the future, and it will only grow as times go on.
John D. Wren: Sure. The spending is not there yet. I start everyone in my CEO meetings with the fact that whatever we have to talk about, it's going to be mobile first at some point. I see the device eventually being the equivalent of when they introduced remote controls into living rooms. It will dictate your life someday and as a result, marketing allows tremendous impact. I think no one from our side has cracked meaningful, engaging type of advertising on the phone yet. That's still in test. I think once that happens, you'll see budgets follow it rather vigorously. Apps are cool, but apps aren't the solution, in my opinion.
John D. Wren: Well, let me put it this way. I agree with your premise that it is going to be explosive in the future. I don't really have the solution in my mind, but I'd have to be honest with you. If I did have the solution, I wouldn't disclose it in this conference call. I'd execute it, and that's why you'd see it. But we're working on it. We're certainly working on it.
John D. Wren: Russia, again, multinationals are big and there's are a lot of large Russian companies that are important on a global or certainly European basis, and we're able to do that. Plus Russia, a lot of our businesses which are DOS-type businesses like the branding businesses and the luxury businesses that we have, exploded in markets like China and like Russia.
John D. Wren: And it depends upon -- when you really break it down, it depends upon the clients. Banks in local markets are easier to do than grocery stores.
