John Wren: Technology will impact every aspect of our business, I believe. When you stay focused on the best and the brightest and used to call them creators, we now call them knowledge workers, they're always going to be what differentiates companies like ours from everyone else. I don't think that the technology is simply there to make it simpler and faster to gain insights from which creative ideas will be generated. So will it have an impact? Yes, of course, over a period of time. But it won't -- we won't reduce the importance of creativity to the IP of Omnicom.
John Wren: Yes, I would. I'd say, I couldn't answer it any better than you asked it based upon known uncertainties out there. And for those of you who have been following us for a long time, there's always budget flush and projects in the fourth quarter, which are not our focus at the moment, but we'll increasingly become focused as we get into and out of the summer. And just as a bit of color, I think in the last 22-years, I think I can only recall two years where that project revenue didn't come through. But there were -- the years that, that occurred where -- when there was economic uncertainty to the level that is potentially there for the balance of this year.
John Wren: Yes. I mean, I think -- if you look at, I think, a chart, it's probably number seven, which outlines and compares our revenue by industry, I think Phil mentioned this in his comments, where we saw the biggest pause was really in our tech sector and in our telecommunications sector. We didn't lose any clients in those areas, but they went through some pretty severe restructurings of their own during the first-half and they were conservative about most of our costs. If I have to make a general statement, since the beginning of the year, CEOs have been looking for flexibility. They haven't -- they're not walking away from their commitments. And PepsiCo even mentioned earlier today in its conference call that it was increasing its spending. So, I believe we're in a very good place, a sound place. But as certain clients suffer, we'll go along for a bit of the ride. But we haven't lost anything. We've been winning business. So that helps us as well.
John Wren: Ben, you stole it from me. That's I was going to say and all of the above. Certainly, productivity, for sure…
John Wren: …because naturally, it will make the gathering of data and the refinement of data, which leads to better insights in a much more rapid, labor-less intensive way. In terms of our growth, I believe that for the last several years, increasingly, we're able to prove to the client the ROI of a dollar spent. And so as a result of that productivity and with the complexity that will come with all the questions, which will surround how we use generative AI in various markets given different laws and different regulations, our ability to navigate that -- those markets, those issues, increased efficiency and effectiveness and improvements in our ability to measure the benefit of a dollar spent, I believe will lead to increased organic growth over the near and long-term.
John Wren: First, in terms of Precision Marketing, we expect it to continue to grow. It is a core long-term part of our business. And what you saw what really happened in the first part of the year is that you take a Facebook, which cut 20,000 jobs. If you are the CEO of that company cutting 20,000 jobs, you can't let everything else go on in a normal sense. Plus, -- and I'm not picking on Facebook, I'm just using it as an example or a proxy for the rest of the industry. As you do that, you disrupt your own company for a very short period of time. They've been able to recover pretty quickly. Well, as you do that, the people that you -- who have been working on certain projects, pause, change, may have different bosses and there might be a pause and a reevaluation. What's key is not that because we're a service company, so we'll succeed with our clients and we'll suffer with our clients. The beauty of Omnicom is its depth of its client base and the geographic base in which we operate. But we can't expect everything to remain constant for us as companies go through whatever level of reorganization they have to go through. So that's really that. The media wins and media -- in the back of last year, if you take 2022, our media group won more new business than the rest of the industry. And that winning streak continues. We only -- that 800, we don't expect 1,000. And so that's why you see the continued strength in that area.
John Wren: Okay. Probably one of the things -- it's hard to project or to forecast. But in the area -- in the U.S., in events and entertainment type of events, we had a reduction in the quarter of that sector of 9.1%. So even though I pointed to those two areas it's because it's very evident when you look at our presentation materials. But I would never say always, only, or never. That's just one of the areas which dragged our growth down a little bit in the U.S.
John Wren: Sure. There's slightly different reasons associated with each one of these partnerships, but a central theme is we did -- we do have the Omni platform, which does service and we have it deployed to over 50,000 people around the world. So that makes us attractive. Our open architecture is key to why I think we were considered and given the opportunities we were given with these companies. Because connecting to them, enhancing in how their products will be utilized, being flexible across a large number of clients using different types of systems or different applications, that open architecture means that we're not protecting a base and then trying to ingest something very new. We were established from the very, very start to operate in an environment that we couldn't predict what was going to change or what was going to come. But we wanted to build in the flexibility in the architecture that we developed. So that whatever came along, it would be very simple to discard what was no longer useful and to incorporate what was going to be meaningful. So I think those are the key items that put us to the front of the queue with many of these companies. I fully expect that as they get further along down the road with their products that they're going to open their apertures up to others in the industry, that won't come as a surprise. But the platform, that Omni platform, I know you hear us talking about it a lot, but I can't explain enough the value of the open architecture and the fact that we have complete flexibility and -- as the primary reason. Also, these tech companies know that we take very seriously transparency and we look to be a leader in privacy, which are all concerns of these organizations as their products maybe get questioned by legislations and governments. You see it in threats that people are perceiving to employment in certain industries. The fact that we're hypersensitive to that and always have been hypersensitive to that also makes us an attractive partner to do business with.
John Wren: Yes, sure. And thank you for that question, because I didn't include something in my answer that I should have. Also, this is philosophical and would hand over heart and know that we do it 100% of the time. When we ingest client’s first-party data and then enrich it with the second-party and third-party data we have, that data remains the data of our clients. We don't take and reuse or resell that data is exclusively theirs. And that's, in effect, what we're doing in the cleanrooms. It's a simplification, but that's what we're doing. And clients -- the more sophisticated clients, are increasingly attracted to that guarantee. And so that's also a terribly important element of why we are considered. And there's even a major supplier here or a partner that hadn't opened up to -- opened up their cleanrooms to anyone, but to us. And as a result of our -- this partnership, we pointed that out again to them but at a very high level. And we're now doing cleanrooms with them. But even though it seems like it is focused on creativity or creative products, but there's a lot awful -- and that's why it gets mentioned in the short descriptions that we provided in our presentation, but it goes much deeper than that because many of the products that we're embedding and looking to incorporate in what we offer to clients are really driving efficiencies. And we'll be creating APIs for CRM, for commerce, for PR, across the board.
John Wren: Sure. Well, I think I've seen that has been constant so far throughout the year is clients wanting to create flexibility. That doesn't mean that they want to cut back at all on their spend, but they want to have the flexibility to react. So they're not committing. You see it primarily in the media area where clients held back in terms of their upfront and preserved their rights to enter into the scatter markets as we get later into the year. It's not an election year so they know that inventory will probably be available. But I'm in over my head with that last statement because I have experts who can speak much more eloquently about that than I can. But it's that preservation of flexibility that has been a constant theme throughout the year. COVID, all the negative impacts of COVID for most sophisticated large companies was a pretty easy time, because there was a lot of governmental support throughout the world so people could make commitments. With that gone, as it should be, people have had to adjust their businesses in various ways depending on the industry that you're in. And the consumer is -- still has money to spend, but you see changes in behavior. You see the travel industry going through the roof because everybody probably was locked up for three years. And you see conservatism in maybe some other spending. So we watch that as every one of our clients do. And we look to see what our clients are doing as signals about how we should adjust our own portfolio and services.
John Wren: No, they're not because the world is a lot more complex. And many of the reviews that go on are closed reviews. We've been fortunate in that we continue to bat I think above average and that's a standard that's expected here. We've had very, very few losses and we've had quite a number of gains. And especially in the area of media, that continues. PR, the -- if you see slowness year-over-year is principally because a section of our business is dedicated to elections and to government activity. And so that happens every cycle. So it just continues this year, but we continue to win business as we sit here today. CRM remains strong even though we may suffer with a client or two as that client suffers. But now in terms of looking out and forward for the balance of the year, there are a number of pitches which are pretty enticing and exciting for us, and we're hoping to be successful in all but a very few number of cases. They're offensive for Omnicom. They're not defensive. So we're very secure in our base of revenue and what we can expect. And we'll invest whatever new business funds we have to invest in to try to continue to outpace others in terms of our ability to win.
John Wren: Yes. I kind of view it that I hope this ends more quickly than it's being predicted to end. But we remain completely agnostic to any form of media. And with the technology and the database and the collection of information that we have married with clients' first-party data, we're able to create other ways to attract audiences. If one road closes down even temporarily, we know how to go down the other road. Hope that answers your question.
John Wren: I think the last guy to do five year plans was [Indiscernible]. We're responding with AI as if our hair were on fire. But companies are complex and change at various paces, not always at the cutting edge of what's available to them. Digital transformation, which started in the mid-90s, it's still going on to a lesser extent than maybe it was. But -- so I wouldn't -- I haven't even given a thought about how to answer your question. We're acting that we want to be leaders in this area. We want to be in a unique position to offer to clients and potential clients the best technology, the best tools that can be offered in the marketplace at any given time. And we know that if we're providing a premium service, we can expect to be paid fairly for that. And that's about as much as my five year plan says. But I do.
John Wren: I don't spend a second worrying about the past. I only spend time learning about the present and the future, but not quite that far out. I can probably give you a pretty good guess at the second quarter of next year, but I won't.
