Phil Angelastro: Yes. In terms of the third quarter or the reference perhaps to a trend as far as months go, we didn’t -- I would just say, we didn’t really see a trend necessarily that would be meaningful. We typically don’t find them because of the way monthly results are different than the quarterly process. So, I don’t think there’s anything we can interpret from the trend in the third quarter that we would project for the fourth quarter.
Phil Angelastro: I’ll go first. So, as far as the third-party service costs and improvements versus Q2, one thing to keep in mind, Q2 is a much bigger quarter than Q3. So, on top of the impacts of the pandemic, here, we’re dealing with a much bigger base as well. So, we did see some improvements. I think, certainly, the numbers would be consistent with your assumption that there wasn’t a heck of a lot of improvement in the event space. Certainly, there was a similar reduction in third-party service costs in our events businesses. And I think, the rest of the businesses feel forced. Certainly, they were down quite a bit, but there was an improvement Q3 versus Q2. The principal media activity that we have, certainly, there was an improvement versus Q2. And then, general out-of-pocket costs, which are required by GAAP to put in our revenue, those are down in a consistent way, travel and entertainment, those types of costs, which are reimbursed, those trends were consistent. So, a little bit of improvement just because of the size of the quarter is smaller in Q3 versus Q2. But, I think, the trends in some of those businesses continue to be negative, like events and the trends and others. They did show some improvement as clients and activity and spend improved.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, given some of the uncertainty over the last few months, we’ve gotten some questions about whether we need to continue to wait before we pursue certain acquisitions, et cetera. But, we aren’t -- I’d say, we aren’t constrained in terms of holding back from looking at good candidates, businesses that fit our strategy, and we think would add to the growth profile. So, we’re actively pursuing opportunities and there is certainly some opportunities that are out there. And as John said, it’s a continual part of our process as we head into the 2021 planning process. We’re going to reevaluate the assets in the portfolio, as we always do. And if we need to make some changes or take advantage of some opportunities as it relates to dispositions, I think, we’re going to do that in a prudent way.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. If I leave anything out, just feel free to remind me. But, as far as improvement in media business, yes, clearly, improvement versus Q2, no question. I think, I would tell you that the performance was better than the overall average. But, I would say, not substantially better, but better than the overall average and significantly better than the performance in Q2. In terms of the cost base, the actions we took, the results that we saw in Q3 and what that means for Q4, I think, I would describe our expectations for Q4 similar to where we were on our Q2 call, which is we expect to get back to 2019 margins as kind of a good proxy for Q4. We’re going to continue to focus on managing the EBIT dollars and the operating income, which is what we did in Q3. To the extent we do better, we do better, that would be great. But, I think our expectations are that we will be able to get back to margins in Q4 of 2019 as a good proxy. I think our agencies have done a very good job in realigning the cost base with current revenue position. As John mentioned, yes, the Q4 visibility is not exactly very good at the moment. And there is always some uncertainty regarding project work and year-end spend. That’s certainly the case. This year, we’re not -- we’re probably not as optimistic that that will come through as we were at this time last year. So, that’s how we’re thinking about the cost base. In terms of permanent savings, we probably look at a little bit different than others. We’ve taken quite a bit of action. We believe we’ve done the right thing to realign the cost base. We think some of that is going to be permanent. We took out a 1,000 -- we took out over 1 million square feet in real estate. We think that’s going to be permanent. But, it’s hard to say how much of the other costs are going to be permanent, because in reality, when we get back into growth mode, hopefully, sooner rather than later, we’re going to welcome most of the costs that have come out of the P&L back because most of those costs are variable. The salary and service costs are going to come back because the people are going to come back, some of the actionable addressable spend categories are going to come back as well. We’re going to manage them very closely. So, I think, we’re managing the EBITDAs very closely, as you saw, based on our Q3 results. There’s definitely going to be some portion of those costs that are going to be permanent. We’re not kind of thrown out of bogey of $50 million or $100 million or $150 million and saying, yes, that’s the permanent number because there is too many things that are going to happen between now and when the business is back to normal or back to growth mode, that could change. And we’re going to change our approach to how we manage those costs based on the facts and circumstances. As far as consumer experience and/or e-commerce, I think, what we call precision marketing, certainly is a key part of the portfolio, has been, and we continue to invest in it. It’s in a range of, say, 7.5% to 10% of the business. Its performance has been very good. It’s cycling a couple of client losses. But otherwise, the vast majority of that portfolio has been growing in this environment, and we’re pleased with their performance.
Phil Angelastro: One clarifying point, though, Ben, when we talk about year-end project spend or project work that we’ve historically seen, it’s project work across the board. It’s across all of our disciplines. All of our agencies are out there working with their clients to ensure that they get what they need from a service perspective through the end of the year, through the end of the holiday season. It isn’t simply project work in the context of events and the event business or field marketing and people out in the stores. It’s all disciplines and all agencies.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. So, there’s a few wage reductions in terms of voluntary salary reductions, I assume, is what you’re focused on. The size of any potential benefit of that in the fourth quarter is minimal in terms of what’s in the forecast for now. Most have been -- most of those reductions have been restored as of September 30th. There are still some that will go through the end of the year, as of now, including a small number of senior management at Omnicom. And I think, in terms of the numbers, it’s just not very meaningful and won’t have a meaningful contribution on Q4. That hopefully is responsive to your ask.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. Yes. I mean, in terms of the real estate, I think, the way we think about it is, it’s -- the actions we took were in a number of places, covered a number of different markets. If you want to estimate 40 to 50 feet -- $40 to $50 a foot, that’s probably a decent estimate. I don’t think we’ve got a more precise number than that. But, I think that’s a meaningful and good guide. And then, in terms of balance sheet and buybacks, John…
John Wren: We believe it is. At the core, digital spending has crossed, I think, 50% at this point for media or very close to it. And complexity is actually our friend. The more complex the transaction is -- we’re executing the transaction, the better it is for our businesses and the way we’re positioned.
John Wren: Sure. You’re absolutely correct. Normally, in periods like this, we’d expect new business activity to be relatively slow. But, what we found since the second quarter, there has been quite a bit of activity. And most of it’s been pitched remotely, which is, again, if you’d ask me in January if this is possible, I’d probably say no. There are always going to be accounts that move. It’s just the nature of our business. Each one of our competitors is keenly aware of that as we are. But, at the moment, I’m not aware of any sizable moves or accounts that are either an opportunity, which will change our course, or a risk that will change our course.
John Wren: Yes. I think, Phil made the point on -- we’re seeing activity throughout the home marketing funnel, but for certain precision marketing and moving product off shelves or product through the online distributions that exist, that’s where there’s been a great deal of focus during this period of time. And that’s where we’ve seen the growth. We’ve also seen significant growth in new business activity in the health care sector, which has been positive, especially when you take out the pass-through costs since the beginning of COVID. And our technology clients are spending more money and offering new products to the marketplace, being very supportive of their products. So, the trends are really consistent with what we’ve talked about industry by industry.
John Wren: Typically, and I think we can check the transcripts, I don’t expect the improvement -- the sequential improvement that we saw from the second quarter to the third quarter, I don’t see it continuing at that pace in the fourth quarter because of all the new uncertainties that are out there. And our concerns really are based with really what happened. You got hit with this in March. Businesses were starting to open and back up pretty much in most markets by the end of June, beginning of July, and they’ve stayed open through the third week of October. I don’t know and I can’t predict what’s going to happen or the impact of this sudden explosion of cases that we’re seeing just in the last week or two. I don’t think governments are going to close down fully, but I do think there’ll be a new pack. Having said that, I’ll go back to what I always said, and this probably in every fourth quarter transcript for the last decade. Typically, the project spend that we’ve seen in the past is between $200 million, $250 million. That’s a rough estimate. In the 25 years that I’ve been CEO, the only time that I didn’t see it come through is after the Great Recession. So, we don’t know. I don’t think anybody can predict what’s going to happen with respect to that. And a lot of our pass-through costs, especially when you get into this period, in the fourth quarter, had to do with events and promotions that people are spending between now and the end of the year. So, I don’t have a clear prediction of what the impact is going to be, but there is going to be an impact.
John Wren: Sure. Well, I fundamentally believe that we will come back to the office. And we’re in constant communications with our employees as to when it’s safe to do that and where it’s safe to do that. Places like China, we’re already 100% back, other markets in Asia, more so than Western Europe, which was on the rise but is slowing down again, and in the United States. So, that’s number one. Number two, what I believe is going to occur post COVID is we’ve learned that things that we didn’t think we could do remotely, we actually can. So, as you look forward, and we’re studying it right now at the workforce, you don’t know -- I don’t believe they need every single function that I have, say in New York City, in New York City. Some of those can be moved to lower cost areas as we move forward, but there’s no immediate plans to accomplish that. The other thing that I am afraid of and we take lot of times talking about that is people’s mental health, as you’ve had to stay out of the office, because it hasn’t been safe naturally to come back, it puts different people in different positions, have deal with stress differently. And so, we’re constantly asking our human resource people to come up with programs and ways that we can help and assist our employee base to guide them through the situation that we’re currently in. Culture, I think, because we will come back to the office, I think we haven’t really lost much there as of yet. And finally, and circling back a little bit here, even though they come back to the offices that they were formally and may not have to come back five days a week. You may have a far more agile and flexible workforce as we go forward into the future. I don’t know if that covers all the points that you had.
John Wren: In terms of acquisitions, there will be opportunities, because people find themselves in different positions in terms of liquidity and therefore, have to take different actions. So, we’re constantly looking in the areas that we remain focused in. We’re also willing to make investments as we have in the past in terms of starting things to support platforms that we care the most about. The good news for us is, and I think Phil mentioned it earlier, we’ve focused very early on in terms of our liquidity and our ability to conduct our business in a way that we want to uninterrupted as possible. So, if a good acquisition comes up, we’re ready to execute on it.
John Wren: Yes. Our number one focus when looking at all of this is maintaining our investment-grade rating. So, that will govern a lot of the conversation in terms of when we restart our share repurchase program. Also, dividends are our main focus; acquisitions, where they’re possible is the second place we allocate capital; and finally, we use excess cash, if we determine to have excess cash, to start repurchasing shares again. So, it’s a complex conversation. But, as I said, dividends are number one, acquisitions will be two, and share repurchases will be the last. So, the good news is, we’re putting it on the agenda to at least start the conversation.
