John Wren: Sure. I'll take a stab at it and then Phil will add to whatever need out. The first quarter we still see as challenging, but sequentially probably better than what we saw in 2020. We fully expect based upon the plan reviews that we've done, even though they're not final with our operating companies. That will return to positive organic growth in the second quarter and for the balance of the year. I saw this morning that there was some possibly some confusion out there in some of the writings that were there, but that's what's really going to happen. In terms of specific industries and specific responses, we see an improving positive attitude, but COVID is still here. Progress is getting made with the vaccine as it rolls out, but it's going to take a little bit of time and I don't think anybody's baked in the stimulus payments into their spending habits, but if that occurred, I'm sure they will only have a positive effect on what happens as we get into the second quarter and beyond. I don't know what you want me to add, Phil.
John Wren: I'm just crossing the line into Phil's area here a little bit. And if you look a little longer term, we're in the process of planning and looking at our staff, how we house our staff and support our staff. It's not going to be Earth changing, but some of the experiences that have occurred during the last 11 months will continue well into the future and should provide some benefit on the cost side. Thank you.
John Wren: Sure. I certainly don't see anything that's specifically going to make anything more difficult than any time in the past. I still firmly believe Craig that the company will return to on an annual basis, a GDP plus 1% or whatever; that's the objective. I know that that is not only an objective of mine, but that of my entire management team, in terms of the way we view our business and review our responsibilities. So that's how – that's the only goal I focus on. Anything less is something that we take action against. I don't know if that...
John Wren: Sure. We see it as a real positive. The executional parts of our business were getting smaller over the last several years prior to COVID that trend certainly contained into COVID and probably the slowest part of returning everybody, almost every single one of our clients sped up invested more in their digital transformation, as did we. And in that environment, we're deploying more strategic, more talented people to resolve issues and create opportunities and insights for our clients. So this change, which I do believe is permanent, will be very positive for the organization.
John Wren: Just one thing I might add on the media answer is we clearly think 2021 is going to be better. Some of our clients and this is quite understandable are committing for shorter durations because of the experiences they've had in the last 14 or 15 months. But as things improve, there is a vaccine, there are positive things occurring some slower than not. We think that unless something drastically changes everything will be more positive.
John Wren: Yes, sure. Let me take the cash, the buyback question from me first. I just saw last evening, we – our board increased our dividends 7.7%. That's part of an ongoing process. Our traditional uses of cash have been to increase, protect and defend and pay our dividends. Second is using our funds for acquisitions, which will add to our growth in an accretive fashion. And last but not least has been the repurchase of our shares. Those are the – that capital structure and approach has served us very, very well over the last 30 years. So at this point I don't see us tempted by short-term moves to accelerate or disproportionately look at buybacks in advance of looking at the other two priorities the company has. And in all manners we're always looking to protect and defend our investment grade rating. So that's the context in which these conversations occur. So I don't see any, at this point, acceleration of – what would have been a normal program. Phil may add.
John Wren: Yes. And let me just going to pile on there. It's a proxy. If we were at the beginning of 2019, we'd be endeavoring to improve the prior margins we experienced. So we're just simply looking at proxies and saying when the business fully restores that would be a good north star to start from.
John Wren: That does contribute to growth over the long-term because the more complex the problem, the smarter the people and solutions are that we are able to offer to our clients. And we've prepared the foundation for and tool set that we've been asked for a long time, we probably talk about it on every call, but that's because it's legitimate. And for an organization of the size to be functioning based on the same tool set is quite an accomplishment. And it will add to our abilities as we move forward. Will competition come from different areas? Absolutely. I think one great differentiation we have from the normal big players, who are out there, is that we don't own the – analyze and tell you the solution. You should go away and implement. We have the creative horsepower and the people that climb into the trenches with our clients along the journey. And we feel responsible for not only its design and intelligence, but for its execution. So, we're adapting and we adapt very, very quickly or an increasingly quickly because of COVID.
Phil Angelastro: I don't have too much to add. I think that clarifies things certainly in the first quarter, given COVID didn't really hit our business till kind of mid-March and any meaningful way the comps in the first quarter were challenging. So while there's still some uncertainty in the first quarter regarding COVID, first quarter in particular, we do expect some improvement relative to Q4s performance in terms of organic decline. But at some point in the second quarter, we do expect to rebound, especially given the comps in the second quarter are much easier as well as the third quarter. So, I think we definitely expect to return back to growth mode in Q2 and likely for the first six months based on that Q2 performance. We'd be back in growth mode and more optimistic about the rest of the year. Although there are some things that are still out of our – certainly out of our control with COVID and the vaccination take rate, et cetera.
Phil Angelastro: I think the way we're looking at internally is 2019s margins are the best proxy for what we expect in 2021. We continue to try and be more efficient all throughout the organization. So we're certainly striving to do better, but we think that's a good proxy in terms of the underlying operations of the business. We believe some of what we did back in Q2, especially as it related to our real estate portfolio will be – will generate meaningful, sustainable cost savings. But as we get back into growth mode we're going to welcome back the variable costs that come with it because we're going to be growing. So there may be increases in people costs and maybe some traveling related costs that go up. We don't think we're going to be back to traveling like we did in 2019 as a proxy, but some costs are going to come back because we're growing, and that'll be fine.
Phil Angelastro: Sure, I'll start. So, specifically with respect to events and field marketing, they've certainly been challenged in events for certain even more so in 2020. And I think we saw a slow pickup in China, which got hit first, which is when we saw it first in the first quarter of 2020. We saw a little bit of a pickup in the fourth quarter of 2020 as well, but our events business is somewhere around 3.5% or 4% of the business and field marketing might be 2% to 3%. So those certainly are two of the most affected. I think many of our businesses though, even the creative agencies and throughout the portfolio, branding businesses, et cetera we rely on project work. We think that will pick up more as the economies come back. But I think the most sensitive to an open economy no travel restrictions, those kinds of things, and being able to go to live sports and things. Events is going to be on the top of that list. Field marketing because much of it happens in day-to-day life, grocery stores, et cetera, we expect that will come back sooner. And as far as debt and cash and reducing interest, I think our performance certainly has been very good from a cash flow perspective or a cash management perspective during the pandemic. We took out the additional $600 million of debt in early April as kind of a liquidity insurance policy. We will be evaluating internally and with our board our approach as we get past the first quarter and things stabilize more as to what alternatives we're going to pursue. And from a cash perspective right now we're comfortable where we are, but it is on our list to address what the alternatives might be to more efficiently and effectively use that cash. And then in terms of media as far as 2020 goes, I think the media business certainly sequentially improved throughout the year Q4 versus Q3 and versus Q2. We do expect improvements as we head into 2021. But I think we're optimistic about the business in 2021 and certainly we've won more than our fair share pitches and we're in more as we head into the early part of the year here. So our expectations are certainly positive.
Phil Angelastro: And as far as your margin question, I think, we will – we expect and did frankly in 2020 as well to continue to invest in the business and invest in our data and analytics capabilities in particular Omni platform and the components of that platform. So that will continue, I think, to the extent that our performance exceeds 2019 from a margin perspective hopefully that will be the case. And if that's the case, we'll deliver more. But at this point, we think 2019 is the best proxy as the business comes back into growth mode we're going to continue to invest, most of our investments have runs from our P&L over the years. But I think if the performance is there, we may have some opportunity for margin improvement, but certainly right now our goal and our targets are using 2019 as a proxy.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I mean, our approach has always been about generating ideas or people in our business generating ideas for our clients. And our focus has always been on insights and outcomes as it relates and that applies as it relates to technology and data, not data management or compilation. So I think idea generation and insights and outcomes is what adds the value and that applies to whatever the level of complexity of the solution. So we think we're in a good place competitively as a result.
