John Wren: We're being -- we are internally acting as if the markets are going to be extremely difficult. Increasing our productivity in a couple of different areas is extremely important, and we're in the process of taking action and having very detailed conversations on a couple of fronts. One is correct is real estate. We have real estate, which leases expire throughout 2023 and 2024. And with a new approach towards flexible working hours, where we believe we're going to be able to reduce our real estate footprint globally. That's in process. We'll see what the market does. There's additional opportunities may come up. Where we'll be able to take advantage of lower prices in other markets where the leases maybe are a little longer. So that's number one. In terms of people and payroll, we're taking it seriously to look at our processes at a very granular level through each of our subsidiaries, looking to offshore where it's appropriate. And there's a big push on automation in terms of some of the things that we can do from an automated basis that in the past we couldn't. All of these we've recently met with all of our management teams together where we, frankly, discussed all of these things and they're part of our weekly agendas in terms of the progress that we're making. And as we get into profit planning for next year, we'll be setting targets and expectations for each of those companies.
John Wren: Yes, sure. Our portfolio today isn't comparable really to when our portfolio was 3.5, four years ago. That -- the instances you referred to, 2019, 2020 was the end of a five-year period in which we were disposing things. That contributed to our profit, but didn't necessarily contribute to our growth. And we were able, in good times, to find buyers who are interested in those companies, and we offloaded them. Similarly, we made investments in areas where we believe that growth would be consistent in good times and in bad, you can see that reflected in our precision marketing, assets. You can see that in the changes that were made in our public relations category and also the expansion of services in the health area. So as well as more traditional areas, we cleaned up low growth geographies and/or what we felt were product loans. It's a process which has served us well. It will continue to serve us well, I believe, as we face more challenging times if they come and we're planning that more challenging times aren't -- we're facing more challenging times because of inflation and some of the macro factors that are out there in the marketplace. And we're also very comfortable, I'd say, in the upgrades we've made to our management and our leadership throughout the world over the same period of time. So everybody on the team is aware of those many, many steps that we have to go through in order to be successful, period.
John Wren: No, I don't think it's wrong. I think that the marketplace complexity has increased, which makes not only Omnicom, but our competitor is important. I think the great resignation, which had an impact on some of our businesses were able to manage through, also had an impact on how our clients face that complexity. And I don't have the evidence to back this up, but I believe it to be true is in the last two recessions, it's been pretty evident that companies that continue to market through those recessions, prospered and came out of them more quickly than ones that just focused on cutting costs and indiscriminately. So a combination of factors and technology is different. There's a revolution we're moving to electric cars. We're moving to more efficient ways of doing business. All of those things means that you want your brand known and supported by the marketplace and known as being progressive in addressing issues, which are going to face businesses, recession and in good times.
John Wren: Sure. I mean, I think every intelligent company is seeing that globally, these macro factors are a mixture for further confusion in a complex environment at one level. At another level, there's new areas that are coming on stream that didn't exist before. If you look at media, you look at all the providers that are out there that have decided to go to add an advertising model to the products that they're offering. You see our automotive manufacturers, promoting their progress that they're making with the car of the future being a communication device driven by electric power as opposed to gasoline power. So it's there is many difficult things that are out there. There's enough fundamental changes that are going on in the marketplace that have kept the marketers keen and very interested in making certain once again that their brands are recognized and differentiated so that when consumers make choices, that their brands are seriously considered.
John Wren: There's no alchemy. We did change leadership in recent conversation with some of my other management. I'm extremely proud of the leadership that we have of that group. It's craft-driven and craft lead now. And I know that in the past, when it was run or managed by people who didn't have such a deep understanding of the craft, the performance was different the gentleman and team that leads it now is very proactive, very hands-on, very close to its clients and its people. And I think that's paying huge dividends. And it's hard to measure, but it's easy to see. I think the product is also much closer and much more important in the consumer journey and probably more relevant in terms of brand awareness as well as the actual completion of the sale. Influencers didn't exist in 2016, they exist today. PR takes a leading position in things like that. So I don't have the precise answer, but I do know that we have the right people, I think, doing the right things and adjusting our product appropriately for the current circumstances that we're operating in.
John Wren: Sure. I mean in terms of digital, digital has taken over the majority portion of how we speak to various groups of consumers. And there's been a an ever-increasing number of providers of interesting digital sites, information, which have their own following, which are Omni product and some of our early concerns in involvement in how we refine and identify potential customers in a privacy-compliant manner has put us in a position where we've been very agile and being able to react to changes as they happen, I was going to say market by market, but in the United States even state by state. And the retail media is a new -- relatively new entry into the marketplace. And during COVID, it had an explosion. And people in your business measure that the way you measure it because I guess you do it comparably. But when you think about it, it's been a lot more platforms out there, right? You have Amazon, you have Walmart, you have Kroger, you have Target. You have missing some others, I'm sure. We've entered into serious partnership arrangements with all these folks to is to be able to assist the consumer and consult with our clients about which platform, at which moment or which product is the appropriate platform to be used. And we've been able to incorporate that into our Omni product and make it available to our practitioners who are consulting with clients on a day-to-day basis on the best way to achieve their KPIs.
John Wren: Sure. I just got back last week, I spent a week in Europe. I was in Germany, I was in Italy, I was in [Lausanne], a few other places and interfacing with quite a number of our leaders. We're very fortunate where it etches market by market a little bit. But you take the UK, for instance, our healthcare businesses were outstanding this particular quarter. Our precision marketing business has been outstanding consistently throughout Europe on systems work as well as lower funnel type of work. And we are a media consultancy and needed skill set by many of our clients for them to obtain and achieve their objectives. Plus I'm very happy with again, and you said referencing in my prior comments, I have to go back to them, the portfolio that we have of assets throughout the world, but especially in Europe. We've taken a lot of actions over the last several years, finishing up a lot of those actions thankfully right before COVID. And probably equivalent of spending every day in the gym, we've toned up the assets that we had and added a lot of people with a lot of very specific but appropriately specific skills.
John Wren: Yes. Yes. I mean I think, yes, share gain is certainly part of it. But I think these assets have allowed us to expand the budgets that were previously -- we're probably more limited in terms of the things that we could properly service our clients. I think the addition of many of these assets that we've made in the last several years, especially in precision marketing and some of the more refined nuances of healthcare, just to make two have allowed us to enjoy or compete for budgets that prior to this in the old pre-COVID days weren't necessarily available to us. So our marketplace has expanded.
John Wren: The only thing I would add, I think implicit in the numbers that you can look at. The overall project work that we always refer to is still out there. We've spent the last several weeks going company by company, looking for people who had more certainty about the projects that we'd be coming through, and there's still some portion of that, that as we continue to make inquiries and weeks go by it, we'll get more and more clarity.
John Wren: Well, Yes. I think at the risk of repeating myself, I think all of -- all the factors that we've talked about throughout the call or a play -- There are new retail marketplaces that didn't exist in the past. We offer incredibly new services, which especially in precision marketing and those consultancy type of activities, which have made budgets, which prior to this, were available to us. We've been able to successfully compete and get our share of those projects. And off times those projects a multi-quarter type of projects in terms of from start, which is design of them to execution and delivery of them. And just the healthier shape of the portfolio. I think, as Phil mentioned, some of our execution businesses I think are ramped up and ready to respond to the demand that's out there, but there it's been a bit choppy because of things like the China shutdowns or different interruptions, which have happened from time to time. But we have several of the best assets in the marketplace. And as I look forward, I see a loosening of that. We have Olympics that are coming up. We have FIFA World Cup that are coming up. We have a lot of different activities that we prosper from. And so it's a combination. I wish it was as simple as things I could just rattle off and satisfy your question. But I think it's a combination of all of these things that have made it have made us opportunities to us, it increases the complexity that a CMO or a CIO or a CEO has to go through in order to reach their customers and achieve their objectives. And we are an excellent provider of assisting them and simplifying that complexity and bringing the best-in-class services and making them available to them.
John Wren: And maybe unlike some of the other recessions, which have happened in the past, this one has been a little bit slower rolling. We've all been anticipating it, especially as central banks raise interest rates and create different macro issues and God knows what's going to happen in the war in Ukraine, and people have worked through and have been working through their supply chain issues. So we've been able to adapt as all of that, and we'll continue to adapt as that continues.
John Wren: That's certainly that wholesale across the board. We have been able to get improved pricing on some clients, but it's certainly not an assumption that we make because that same inflation cost causes inconveniences for our clients. And the end of the day, we're partners. So the ones that prosper we prosper the ones that suffer, we suffer with because we have long-term relationships with. So we're trying wherever it's sensible to get paid fairly for the services we provide. And our clients are very much aware of the fact that we all face similar problems and been doing a level best client by client to address ourselves and adjust appropriately, whether it's scope of work, whether it's at a rate card, the list goes on.
John Wren: Listen, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today to discuss our very strong third quarter results, and we look forward to seeing many of you over the coming weeks and months in conferences and calls. Thanks, again.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. I think if the environment is challenging, it's certainly a challenge that we're going to meet face on or head on but the flexible cost structure that we have, which includes still, as of now, some open positions, we're going to take advantage of that. I think maybe the most instructive thing you could do is take a look at our performance prior to and subsequent to prior recessions for business disruptions like COVID and you get the sense that we've been through this before, not just people on the call, but the people who are managing the company all around the world. So we've got the experience managing through these types of disruptions or uncertainties, we're going to be aggressive about it and act accordingly to make the adjustments we need to make as quickly as we can make them to rightsize businesses to the revenue outlook for that business. That being said, we don't know what '23 is going to hold at this point, but we're certainly preparing for it to be ready to manage through any disruptions that might occur.
Phil Angelastro: And on the year-end project front, I'd say we're in a similar situation that we've been in in every October for quite some time. We don't have a lot of visibility yet into how much you earn project work or agencies are going to capture. Typically, thereafter, a number which is in the neighborhood of $200 million to $250 million of potential project spend. Some years, we get it all, some years very rarely, I would say, we don't get much, if any of it. I would say we don't expect to get it all this year. But as we've gone through the process of looking at the fourth quarter with our companies, agency by agency bottoms up. There's a number of companies that have an expectation based on their past history of what they could capture. They've made an estimate probably a conservative estimate. And as we look out into the fourth quarter, we've kind of considered that in our guidance. So we do expect that will be successful we don't expect we'll get it all this year, but we're pretty optimistic or the one thing we know is that people are going to be out there working on getting it because their incentives are aligned with ours, and it will drive incremental profit and incremental bonus for them as well.
Phil Angelastro: On the inflation or managing things. Certainly, it's a reality of what everybody is dealing with today, ourselves and our agencies along with our clients. And frankly, we're -- as we've said before, we continue to look for efficiencies in the cost structure. It's a flexible cost structure. We've been pursuing opportunities for offshoring outsourcing automation, as John mentioned earlier. And we've got a number of open positions and access to a flexible workforce that we could fill those positions if we need to with contractors and a flexible workforce rather than with permanent people in some cases. We're also having discussions with our clients on an ongoing basis, and those discussions continue. The results vary. Some of them result in increase in our rate card changes in the scope of work, incremental work, et cetera. So there's no one silver bullet to deal with inflation in our cost base. But it's a combination of things that really we need to do at the detailed agency-by-agency level. But we're certainly driving a number of initiatives to make sure that we take advantage of whatever opportunities we have to find efficiencies and new ways of working coming out of COVID is certainly helpful in that respect.
Phil Angelastro: I'll take capital allocation first. So as far as the buyback, I think what you've seen so far through the first three quarters of '22 is probably relatively consistent with our pre-COVID approach. We tend to be in the market a little more in the first half of the year. And in the second half of the year, the third and the fourth quarter, we typically aren't in the market as much. That trend, I think, is consistent in '22. We said we intend to buy probably between $500 million and $600 million, we're close to the bottom of that range. We expect to still have some activity in the fourth quarter. We haven't made a decision on how much yet, but we're going to stick to that $500 million to $600 million for the year. And as far as capital allocation overall, I think you should expect us to continue to be consistent with our approach. We'll continue to pay an attractive dividend. We're going to seek to do M&A to the extent it meets our strategic goals and our financial requirements, most probably small tuck-in acquisitions that worked very successfully for us over the years. And then we'll use the balance of our free cash to buy share. So you can count on seeing consistency from that perspective.  And then lastly, to go back to your other question, I think the numbers, the range is -- would lead you to somewhere between 2% and 3.5% growth in the fourth quarter, which you're comfortable with. And I think there is an expectation given the lockdowns in China and some other general uncertainty that our experiential business will probably take a step back in Q4. It's a choppier business. It's a great business for us. It's performing well. The people managing the business or businesses have been doing a great job, but we expect it will take a step back in the fourth quarter. Some of our execution and support businesses may do the same. But we expect good performance and good growth out of the rest of the portfolio, which has had a great year so far and more hopeful we'll finish strong in the fourth quarter as well.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly, from a macro perspective as well in terms of the first nine months of the year, the consumers continue to spend, clients have continued to spend. I think we're talking about what happens if and when the environment changes, hard to gauge how much it's going to change by. But the environment certainly has been a positive in the context of the types of services that we provide.
