Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, Alexia, Sellbytel is an international business, not really U.S. presence. But some of the disposals that we’re contemplating certainly have a U.S. presence. And if we look at the actual performances on the second quarter and the first quarter of this year, if the disposals that we’re contemplating had been completed at that time, we would have better growth in North America. We don’t have an exact number. It probably wouldn’t have been that significant. But, we’re looking at and contemplating these disposals just like Sellbytel not just because of current performance but because of our expectations in the future as far as whether we’re going to invest or where we’re going to invest and what we think strategically these businesses mean for our longer term clients. So, it’s both or it’s primarily strategic reevaluation, but it’s also current performance in many of these cases as well.
Phil Angelastro: We don’t analyze it that way. So, we expect it to be kind of distributed consistent with our global operations, but we haven’t broken it down by region.
Phil Angelastro: I think, it’s a combination of things. I think we certainly have some agencies in the U.S. that have done well and did well in the quarter. We’ve got some others that have lost some clients recently and others that perhaps is timing in terms of clients scaling back in the current quarter and moving their spending to future periods, although we’re not certain and definitive that those numbers are for sure going to be significantly better in the second half. I think we’re cautiously optimistic. But at this point, we don’t anticipate changing our expectations for the year.
Phil Angelastro: I think it’s a combination of things. I think we’ve got some strong agencies in many of those markets that have been performing really well, ultimately. Some of that’s due to wins, some of that’s due to projects, some of that’s due to good management. But, I think there are still going to be ebbs and flows as we saw in the UK this quarter. The UK has had some strong performance for quite a long time now, and they were up against some difficult comps, but I think overall it’s a number of factors.
Phil Angelastro: And there hasn’t been -- overall, there hasn’t been that much movement in terms of our revenue by industry group. So, certainly some clients and some of our businesses have done better than others, depending on mix of their clients. But it’s pretty broad, diverse portfolio. And we haven’t seen dramatic swings one way or the other in the types of industries that our clients are in that are driving our growth.
Phil Angelastro: I would. I think, there’s currently a few opportunities that we’re pursuing in auto. So, I think we look at that vertical as certainly an opportunity for us in the future.
Phil Angelastro: I think that’s probably not too far off. I think we’re at a point right now where we typically don’t comment unless we close transactions whether they’d be acquisitions or dispositions and project what those numbers are going to be. But, I think that’s assuming we do the acquisitions and dispositions that we currently planned, although there is no guarantees. That’s probably the reasonable estimate.
Phil Angelastro: So, on the growth point, I think if you look at the current quarter, the number probably would be less than 50 basis points was the impact. And then, with respect to margins, dispositions, couple of points, I guess. Dispositions, we’re considering and Sellbytel being the largest, which we expect to close by the end of August. Margins overall are probably consistent with Omnicom’s overall average margin. Although, it’s a little bit too early, because we’re not certain exactly when and which deals we’re going to close as well as what the impacts for certain of acquisitions is going to be. However, I think as you look to Q4 and beyond, given we’ll have a lower revenue base and we expect to be neutral from an earnings perspective, given the operating efficiency and cost reduction efforts that we’re planning. I think, the math works that there will be some margin improvement due to the disposals and due to the fact that we have a lower amount of revenue. We typically focus and continue to focus on EBITA; it’s not a margin percentage. And we’ll continue to do that. But in terms of a range, we don’t really have one yet, but it’s -- there will be some benefit we would expect. How significant it’s going is to be to be determined.
Phil Angelastro: I think, it’s hard to predict. I think, if you look at ‘17, the net disposition number was about 4%; ‘18, our current expectations, our estimate is 2.5%. We’re going to continue to pursue the same strategy. And to the extent there are opportunities that make sense for us, do acquisitions that are accretive, we’re going to do that; to the extent there are disposition opportunities that we think strategically are the right thing to do for the business going forward, we’re going to take advantage of those opportunities. We don’t really have a bogey in mind just like for acquisitions, we don’t have an acquisition bogie and then have people chase deals to meet the target and they’re not the right deals from a disposition perspective, our approach isn’t very different. So, I can’t tell you right now exactly how it’s going to play out. We are going to continue to revaluate portfolio and the reality of that is, given the nature and the speed of the change that’s been occurring in the industry, it’s been an ongoing process that will continue to be an ongoing process. Whether it results in more executed dispositions or not, it’s to be determined.
Phil Angelastro: I think, the number was, I think 300 to a little high, there was a one-time acceleration of U.S. bonus payments that we made in Q1 that we otherwise would have made in Q2. I’d say Q2 was relatively flat in terms of our performance after adjusting for that. So, we’re still down through six months. Our goal is certainly to make up for that in the second half. But, I think we’re also making -- we’re also trying to make sure from a day-to-day perspective that we don’t lose any more ground. But, I’m not sure sitting here today whether we’re going to make up the number from the first half or from the first quarter or not fully by the end of the year. But that’s certainly our goal.
Phil Angelastro: I think, from a timing perspective, we expect to complete the bulk of the actions by the end of the third quarter. So, we certainly hope to see and expect to see the ongoing benefit starting in Q4 at some point. We may not be done right at the end of Q3, but certainly we’ll see it in Q4 and then on into 2019. And in terms of the dollar amount, I think I don’t have the exact dollar amount to give you other than from a target perspective, based on the dispositions we actually get done. And the overall profile from an Omnicom perspective of our margins, you can probably do the math and assume that the goal is to keep our EBIT dollars consistent to the extent that we can take advantage of the actions that we’re pursuing right now.
John Wren: The other thing I might add to that Alexia is that on some of the acquisitions we hope to close, they tend -- for the most part they are domestic in nature and they have growth rates which will contribute to our overall performance in North America.
John Wren: I know that new business for the quarter was probably was higher than -- or has been recently at $1.5 billion, I haven’t done the work, maybe Phil knows, to look to see what part of the world that comes from.
John Wren: If some of the things like -- some of the pressure that we’ve had in programmatic area has been primarily in the United States where we are going from bundled to unbundled, that pressure abates a bit as we get into the second half based upon all the information that we have currently. So, there are a couple of -- there are quite a number of puts and takes in being cautiously optimistic about the second half. But, we tend to look at the whole enterprise, not just a particular region.
John Wren: There’s probably a higher concentration, larger revenues in our CRM execution side of the business in the United States, to some extent in Northern Europe, and those are the ones we’re taking a critical look at in terms of what they’re going to contribute to our business strategically going forward. And correspondingly, we’re looking to make acquisitions in CRM precision side of the business because we think that will benefit us as we move forward in helping our clients.
John Wren: Well, fortunate for us that it’s not a very large portion of our revenue base but they’ve certainly been under an incredible amount of pressure in terms of what’s happening to their business in terms of new competitors, both directly on the product side but also in the distribution side. So, it’s -- I don’t see any -- any immediate turnaround in that area. I see just continuing pressure for the foreseeable future and specifically in that sector.
Jonathan Nelson: Hi, Craig. Thanks for the question. We have not seen a huge change in terms of GDPR and how it’s affected our business. Of course, we’re complying with all the regulatory issues. But, we expect our Google and Facebook spend to continue and our systems are built to work fully with GDPR compliance situation.
Jonathan Nelson: Thanks for the question, David. In regards to Omni, essentially what it is, is we’re using customer data to profile customers and to predict what kind of information they want to see from a creative and messaging point of view, and then connecting that to where they are in the media landscape. We’re using multiple artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms to do both of those things. And we believe that it is a state-of-the-art for the buy side. And we are working with many of our sell side partners, Amazon, Google to incorporate some of their algorithmic technology as well as adding our own. So, all-in, it’s an open platform that incorporates some of the best technologies available in the marketplace.
Jonathan Nelson: Yes. We did look at it. We have fallen on the side of renting the data versus buying the company that compiles the data. We see data as commodity. In fact when you look at the Omni platform, we announced deals with LiveRamp, with Newstar and with Experian, all of which have similar first party style data,. We just believe that this enhances our position of neutrality and removes any perceived conflict we might have with our direct clients.
