John Wren: Well, I think this marks -- this call, I think, is my 80th call as CEO. And for each of those 20 years in the third quarter, I think I've said in the last several years, it was 200 to 250, talked about the project business that's very difficult for us to forecast today. And we just have to experience it as we go through the rest of the quarter. I think there's only one year that it didn't come in out of those 20 years and that was probably 2008. So, I'm cautious, but we're looking at everything and we don't see any fundamental changes to the trends that we experience and have been experiencing. Our new business wins, some of them, don't kick in or start to contribute to incremental revenue until 2017. So, we're glad to have them, but we're in the process of trying to staff up for them now. And there's no large contribution that's going to solve that problem for us immediately in the fourth quarter. But looking past that, those trends are good. It's business as usual. I think the thing that's made this fourth quarter a little crazy is the general election. And uncertainty with what the outcome is going to be and clients who have the ability in a little growth environment to hold back on projects have been waiting to put this behind us. And hopefully, it will be soon. So, that's really the state of the state, Alexia. And the U.S. is the largest part of our portfolio. We're well-represented in the U.S., but all this noise isn't contributing to anything. And in the past, we probably participated in years of presidential elections to a greater extent than we're participating this year because whereas the democrats are spending money, the republicans are not -- you know not in the same level.
John Wren: I think that she that we're seeing in an environment of doing better, cheaper, and faster is our ability to coordinate and the collaboration that I'm getting across disciplines, especially in the area of media -- general media or advertising. But I shouldn't limit it to that. I mean, that's where you see the biggest headlines. But really it's across the whole company. And we've got to exhibit that in a very strong way during the third quarter with the challenges that we had and the wins that we had.
John Wren: Well, in the area of field services, which is always been a revenue contributor, we've done a lot of consolidation in that. It tends to be a good business, gives us positive EBIT but at a lower margin. And as we look at some of those things, we haven't pushed as hard as we would have in the past. We saw a conservatism I think, in terms of some of the events that would normally -- that have happened in the past. I think the Olympics was tepid at best. So, it didn't make the same level of contribution that we'd expect from almost any other Summer Olympics. And our branding business, we see a little bit of conservatism other in terms of projects getting pushed back or delayed in terms of what plans you're spending your money on. So, it's just a general conservatism but I think, it's been, as I said, and everybody knows this, a very unusual year with this Presidential Election. And people don't know how -- I think they can probably take a pretty good guess as to who's going to become President, but then do you don't know what's going to happen to the Congress. So, I think once that's cleared up, people will adjust and get back to doing whatever they can to grow their topline.
John Wren: Sure. First of all, we're not ready to talk about what our objectives are for 2017. We're very pleased with these wins but they will only be a component part of how the whole company performs, and we have to go through a very bottoms-up profit planning process between now and the end of the year that is traditional in the company. So -- but you always rather win a client a new piece of business because that makes that process easier as you move forward. With respect to McDonald's, the McDonald's contract, which I won't go into detail, will be profitable and whatever the competitors said they have said. Our goals and objectives in that contract, which get us paid, are perfectly aligned with what -- how we can impact the business and with their management's goals and objectives. So, we have a high degree of confidence about what we will be able to achieve.
John Wren: Just echoing that for a second, during the quarter, we didn't speak about it. Hearts & Science, in addition to the U.S. and Canada, they launched in the U.K. They're currently pitching for business in Germany and with the AT&T win, Hearts & Science was opened in Mexico. So, there you have a network that really is a year old, that's one in two largest -- the first and second largest advertisers in the U.S. as a base and we're starting to expand and win business in other markets. And what Phil said about PHD is important. We've had PHD for a very long time. And it was pretty much Anglo-based [ph] in the Northern Europe and in the U.S. With the Volkswagen win, that allows us to compete in many more markets than filled out that was the one net decline that the company actually needed and so we're expecting more opportunities to win business through both of those vehicles as we move forward. The other thing, which is an intangible, but a terribly important one is the way that we won business is through the accounts that we won. Their level of collaboration and coordination was second to none and I can't say that enough. We worked very hard at that culturally within Omnicom and always have. But this was -- I'd have to say, the first time that sort of paid out in big tangible real wins. So, I'm very bullish with regard to all these positive signs and what we might expect as we move forward as a result of the strength that we built.
John Wren: Sure. Well the programmatic business, as you know, continuing to evolve and been evolving pretty rapidly for the last I'd say two years, maybe a little bit more. It's all based upon ROI at the end of the day and effective targeting of audiences for programmatic. What we've done is we can offer clients a bundled product, which has certain guarantees and they know the price that they're going to pay and what they're expecting to get out of it. And we also through the three media groups that you talked about are quite able to offer them unbundled products, where they do have a level of transparency. It depends upon what the client's objectives are and how well -- what their preference really is. But we're capable and willing and able to offer both solutions or either solution to the brands that we serve. And the clients, they all have different objectives. So, one model might meet certain client's objectives and more disclosed model other clients. So, I think it's -- there's a lot more choices associated than the headlines would lead you to believe. And the biggest question I think is one that was alluded to earlier, which is really -- ultimately what measurement is going to be used and is the client getting the value that they've signed up for. And what is true and it's always been true is if you're providing the service, you can't grade your own homework.
John Wren: Sure. And I'd only echo, in the near-term, we're very happy with the management. We know what we're trying to accomplish, and we think we have the right people to do it and all of that has been very positive. When we look at our PR profile throughout the world, we are going to make some of the smaller markets where we have operations be making changes, which might in any one quarter affect that quarter's revenue, but we'll become stronger in those markets as a result of the moves that we make. So, as you look to 2017 and beyond, we're very happy with our PR assets and very, very pleased with them.
John Wren: No. We're in the process of doing that. We're hiring quite a number of people every week. But I fully -- we're probably two months away from being completely staffed up for the business that we have in-house today. So, that's a process that continues.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. So, other than one small business that consults in the political space, really haven't seen any impact of the general or frankly, any of the other national elections have an impact on our Q3. We don't expect it to really impact Q4. And I think specifically, you asked about P&G, Alexia. So, there is a benefit for P&G in the quarter. We're going to stick to kind of our approach of not discussing revenues of any particular one client, but there is a bit of a benefit overall -- not very large relative to the totality of Omnicom.
Phil Angelastro: From our perspective, Craig, it's just one quarter and the third quarter is relatively small compared to the second quarter and the fourth quarter. Last year, in the third quarter of 2015, we had growth in Germany of around 8% organic. So, big quarter last year. The comps were difficult. We don't -- we're not looking at the third quarter of 2016 here as a trend and we think we've got challenges and difficulties at our agencies in Germany as we head into to the fourth quarter in 2017. So, we wouldn't draw a trend as we look forward with Germany. We think we have some difficult comps; some of it might be timing quarter-over-quarter. So, we're not overly concerned with our performance in Germany.
Phil Angelastro: I think, John, can add on my comments. But I think it's still a little bit early to tell. We don't think there's anything fundamentally that's an issue in the U.S. and North America for us and our agencies. We think there's some uncertainty out there in the overall environment that could have something to do with it. We certainly have some challenging comps in the third quarter versus Q3 of 2015. And we'll have much better perspective on that as we go through our planning process over the next few weeks.
Phil Angelastro: Sure, just give me one second, I have that. So, in the quarter, that number is about 883,000 shares.
Phil Angelastro: I think, on your question regarding TV and online spend, in terms of our base of business and our revenues, we don't think that have much of an impact one way or the other on us in terms of it being more beneficial to us or less beneficial to us. Certainly, we've seen a bit of a shift. Over the years, clients are spending more online versus in the traditional TV area. Did that rate of growth or rate of shift slow a bit? It slowed a bit, but clients certainly didn't pull back and stop spending online versus TV. I think we see that trend continuing. We don't think it's going to dramatically impact our revenue streams and didn't in the quarter. And in the area of measurement, I think certainly, that had something to do with it. We think there's plenty of players involved that are working closely to come up with a better solution, so that clients' comfort levels can get to the point where they're more confident, that they're getting what they are paid for. And I think, we're going to see that continue to evolve and continue to get better and better and clients get more comfortable with where they're spending their money that they're getting the value that they're paying for.
Phil Angelastro: We think it remains strong. I think the ratings declines are certainly having an impact, but on pricing. But certainly clients see it as a very valuable part of their media mix.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I think, one other comments on the win. So, while we do have some work to do in terms of our planning process to get better handle on the actual numbers in terms of the impact as we look at 2017, certainly, we look at the wins as bigger in the perspective that Hearts & Science really has a big strong base now in addition to P&G. And PHD is a network with the global Volkswagen win certainly has more halves than many of the markets, where they were smaller player in the past. So, as far as our media networks go, we feel really good that we've got three very strong platforms to grow off. And I think the other comment John had touched on this earlier, the investments we made in our data analytics business, you really see them come to bear some fruit, especially when you look at some of these more recent wins. So, we think the benefits to the foundation for growth in the future are as important, if not more important, than the actual revenues that the first few client wins here that we've had will give us in 2017.
Phil Angelastro: Yes, I'll start. So, I think that's certainly our expectation, yes. I think from a timing perspective, we're probably close group has been operating now. It's still relatively on couple of quarters in reality. What helped in the third quarter was last -- last year, in 2015, the comp -- the relative comp was pretty easy for PR. So, we're happy that they showed some organic growth this quarter. We certainly think that having the group together, in addition to taking advantage of some operational efficiencies and back-office efficiencies, they're going to be able to use the group as a growth driver going forward, and I think we expect that to continue on into the future. Is the third quarter a trend? We certainly expect that the business will continue to perform well. What the growth rate will be, we'll see, but we're pretty optimistic and happy with things so far.
Phil Angelastro: So, we're certainly pleased with the performance in the third quarter. I think we do keep in mind though the third quarter is a relatively small quarter. So, yes, in any one particular quarter, 10 basis points isn't all that large. The drivers for this quarter, we continued to see some benefits from the work we've been doing to leverage scale and efficiency throughout the organization. We also saw a decline in our use of freelance labor. And frankly, some better performance at some of our underperforming agencies in the quarter year-on-year. So, I think, when you look at though the year-to-date -- relative year-to-date margin, most of the benefit is coming from our leverage and scale efficiency initiatives, which we expect will continue to push and we expect we’re going to be able to sustain. As we look at the fourth quarter, we're still somewhat conservative, given a little bit less visibility than we traditionally have in our other quarters. So, similar to prior years, we're not ready yet to change our expectations of 30 basis points of improvements in Q4. But certainly, we're going to continue to push the initiatives we have been working on. And we always reevaluate the portfolio and we're going to continue to look at the portfolio strategically and where there are some situations that might make sense to do some pruning, we may do that as we head into 2017. So, overall, we're pleased with the performance but we're still a little bit conservative as we head into Q4.
