Randall Weisenburger: Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. We hope everyone’s had a chance to review the earnings release. We have posted to our website both the press release and the presentation covering the information that we’ll be presenting this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I’ve been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that’s included at the end of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail. And then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Certainly, a broad-based improvement across Europe is probably one of the better things that can happen from a margin perspective. But I think it’s going to take a little while, so that could be the case. And while we’re getting an improvement in Europe and in a Euro markets, it’s still negative. If we had 3% or 4% positive organic growth across Europe that would be excellent from a margin’s perspective, but I don’t see that pick up quite yet.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, we need the ordinance payments from both companies and then we have to do a bunch of things like reconcile to IFRS and after reconcile to GAAP. On our side, we are hoping to file our 10-K by the end of this week, which means that we’ll be done with that and we have a little bit of work to do then on the results. I know that Publicis is making progress, but I would differ the question to them later in the week as to where they are on their audit. As soon as those things are done, we can proceed. And then the timing will be down to the SEC, their comments and on European side, we’re going to get this wrong, the ASM up -- I got it right for the first time. So then we’re just going back and forth and answering comments and making certain that we’re in compliance with all their requests before we can go to our shareholders and schedule a meeting. So it’s possible that my original comments that we’ve been done by June 30th will slip now a little bit into the third quarter. But until we start the process, we won’t know the answer to that question definitively.
Randall Weisenburger: We’re aimed at picking out a slight margin improvement this year with or without Publicis and we have to put aside the merger-related cost.
Randall Weisenburger: I certainly don’t think it’s been impacted by the pending merger. The accounts statement review typically every year there is business that goes into review. And normally we perform better than our peers in that regard. Right now there is some business in review some business as you know has been recently decided. I wish there were more new business opportunities, but I am happy with our performance.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's right. I mean the new company on a combined basis would generate pretty close to $2 billion a year of free cash flow. That's a lot of money. The company, as said, it wants to maintain at least the BBB plus credit rating. We have some room in the current combined debt structure. And frankly both companies have generated a pretty significant amount of cash since the merger announcement. So, there is a lot of cash to deal with. We said that it's going to be -- that it's a Board decision, which I think in every company capital structure and use of capital is a Board decision. And I have said a couple of times that I can't really envision that at the first Board meeting, the Board would jump and have that be the first item on its agenda. So, I wouldn’t expect to see any rapid change of policy or utilization of cash immediately after the close of the deal.
Randall Weisenburger: I don’t think, Olympics are not a huge marketing event, there is a little bit. The Olympics for us tends to -- we tend to see some event business pick up, there was quite a bit of that with the Summer Olympics, but there is not a lot with the Winter Olympics.
Randall Weisenburger: I think we certainly -- our push this year was frankly a lot of internal focus, starting from the top, going down to every single agency, pushing on working capital management and doing everything we can do to make our systems and processes and practices as efficient and fluid as possible. You are not going to get that type of an improvement, because frankly this -- a lot of this was cleaning up around inefficiencies. And we still have inefficiencies; we’ll probably always have some inefficiencies but we want to have a lot less of them. From what I can gather, Publicis does a really good job on its working capital management and has a -- as far as I can tell, a pretty similar focus to ours. So, I don’t expect the two companies together are going to be any better than each of this is individually.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. I mean step one is to make sure we identify all the things that have to get, I will say done or integrated, the day we close. No matter when we close, we are going to be reporting numbers and having to operate the company the next day. So I think all the teams are focused first, on identifying those; second, trying to identify how each company operates sort of the differences so we can try to identify the better practices or the best practices of the two and then think about how we can over time move towards those best practices.
Randall Weisenburger: We're also getting pretty close to the market opening. So why don't we take one more question? And then we'll say goodbye.
Randall Weisenburger: You also asked what have we been able to do today. From an operation standpoint we’ve talked a lot. We’ve talked about these integration teams. But as far as actually working together, our attorneys have made it explicitly clear that we have to continue to operate as two separate companies. And in some respects, we’ve actually operated almost more independently than we would have if we hadn’t announced the deal. People have been extremely cautious on breaking the rules of working together before the merger has been closed.
John Wren: It has -- I can’t speak to my competitors. The economy is stabilizing. I’d attribute it more to the individual performance of our companies in the UK. We have some great brands and we have some fabulous people and they’ve been winning business and they’ve been winning business for well over a year and you are starting to -- you see reflected in our results.
John Wren: I believe the agreement -- and Michael Brian, our Chief Legal Counsel is here, requires us to wait until after the agreement, but I’m less certain.
John Wren: Having said that, the reason for the merger is that both companies think that we benefit and complement each other and that will generate some very, very positive results as an impact to it. So that’s about as much as we can say at the moment.
John Wren: It’s getting very difficult but it really comes down to the regulators. So I mean if I was being -- it’s the middle of February, based upon all advisors that we have, it’s going to -- most likely will slip into the third quarter. But that's all I can tell you until that track of regulatory action starts. That's the best I can guess as we sit here today.
John Wren: Just let me comment on that. The weather does have a serious impact on many of our clients’ business and if it sustains, if that happens on a sustained basis, I guess eventually it might impact ours. I’ve been at this for a very long time and I’ve yet to use weather on a conference call, as an explanation for our performance. So, we’re not there yet and we proceed.
John Wren: I don’t have any color on at this point. We are focused on arriving at the best conclusion for each of those aspects. And it gets in many cases very small areas and we haven’t -- that hasn’t been a focus yet. Doing the right thing has been the focus.
John Wren: And just one final comment on it, Randy points out the most important part is what we have to be able to do day one. But the two groups and the benefits that they bring will take a little bit of time and when we first made comments about synergies, we indicated that they weren’t going to come in the first quarter or the first year per say that we couldn’t predict but we were confident that we would be able to achieve them because of opportunities that we see that both companies together offer.
John Wren: I think as I said in my prepared remarks, there are a lot of complexities associated with the transaction; we're working through all of them. We’ve focused a bit on the questions here on the regulatory ones, but there are others as one would expect. And it has been the policy I think and the intention of managements of both of Omnicom and of Publicis to grow in excess of the GDP of the markets in which we operate. And we always -- the short hand of that has always been, we expected to do a percent better. I don’t -- nothing has come to my attention which would take me off of that statement at this moment. Now, there might -- Omnicom has been able to do that as I said on a consistent basis and there hasn’t been separate -- when the markets almost [smelted] in 2008, there hasn’t been much of an interruption in that. I am not suggesting that’s going to be every single month, but over a year, over the business cycle that’s our intention. And if we ever change it as a combined company, we’d come out and we would let you know ahead of time.
