John Wren: I do believe -- I can probably go back 21 years where, at this point in the year, I'm saying it's very similar, if not the same thing. A very large part of the project work that occurs, which adds to our growth or doesn't provide our growth, comes from project spend and clients doing things that they've hesitated to do or pushed back throughout the year. At this point, it's not a lot different than in past years in that we won't have clarity until probably Thanksgiving or thereabouts. And you're correct in what you said, there seems to be a lot more going on as we're entering this quarter, as we're going through it. We were already facing Hollywood strike, the auto strike, although that doesn't really impact us as much as it may others and now what's going on in the Middle East and Ukraine continues as well. But so none of these are great signs. And it depends on what the headlines are in the newspapers every day, which dictate some of the spend that occurs or doesn't occur. So our people are very experienced at this. In those 20-plus years, we've only had two years where a significant part of the spend didn't actually come through. And both of those were around recessions in the 2008 and 2001 time frames. The rest of the times, it's eked out. Although some years, you feel a little bit more confident about it because there aren't all these macroeconomic and geopolitical issues occurring. So we're -- having said that, and you're certainly aware of it, as I look past the quarter and past this project work to next year, with all the new business wins we've recently had and some of the signals that we're getting, I'm very confident, I'll say, confident -- about our performance for '24 because I think we have the right products and we certainly have expanded who our clients are. So some of those wins that I announced, we will not enjoy really any revenue in the fourth quarter. That revenue principally start January 1st, but it's a good tailwind to have.
John Wren: Yes. The only point I would add to what Phil's comments were is most of that decline is a decline with existing clients. So it's not because of client loss. So as their products get released into the marketplace and they get through whatever problems they've adjusted to during 2023, we're still very confident about this sector.
John Wren: To answer your first question, we're not quite ready to give you guidance for '24 just yet because our people are out doing a bottoms-up plan, which they won't present to us for another six or seven weeks, and then that gets tweaked throughout the balance of the year. But with the experiences that I've had, with the new business wins that we've enjoyed and the places where we faced headwinds this year, we're set up very well to have a very successful 2024. And that's what I anticipate to see when we actually get that bottoms-up review back from our companies. So I'm confident and I don't see any significant adjustments that we have to make to our portfolio, which, in and of itself, is very flexible, to service those client needs and enjoy the growth that's associated with it. Do you want to take the second question? Or I can do the dividend, too.
John Wren: The dividend is really a board matter, and it will come up in the board meetings that come between now and, say, February. We'll have more to say as those meetings occur.
John Wren: Sure. I have to admit to not reading the report that you're referring to. But in terms of our portfolio, yes, there's been a significant expansion in our media business, and that is growing. There's been quite a bit of success in that. If you look at the conversions -- I probably said that wrong, report. When you take media wins versus media losses, we continue to come out on top, and I'm confident that, that is going to hold. There's a few opportunities, which we expect to be asked to participate in reviewing which are offensive opportunities where we're not defending existing business other than in some statutory audit reviews. And our CRM business, which grew very strongly and hit a couple of road bumps in the beginning of this year, has come out of it very strong and just won a few very large and significant clients that are going to help us next year. It becomes an increasing part of our portfolio as well. Our PR unit, even though it's suffering a little bit because of the comparables of not being in an election year, next year is an election year, so that same group will be benefited as a result of that. So the portfolio has been tweaked. We've gotten rid of, in a very sensible way, assets in the past. And I think going forward, I don't know if Phil commented on it or not, but I think where we were showing net divestitures for probably the last three years, we're now with the acquisition activity we had and adding to the portfolio. From a net perspective, we're growing those areas and we're buying into those areas to support our companies where we see the greatest growth.
John Wren: The only thing I would add to that is I get more people back into the offices, which we continue to have success with, but there's still work to do. I think that will further support our growth.
John Wren: Sure. Handling your first question, some of the declines and challenges in the telecommunication and tech sector were probably more impactful to that practice area, in the precision marketing practice area. And as Phil mentioned earlier, we think that -- the good news is we didn't lose clients, we continue to win clients in that area. And we think those companies have gone through their adjustments the latter part of last year and the early part of this year. So we're ascending. This quarter was better than the last, which was probably the toughest comparison we had. And with some of the new business wins that they've had very recently, 2024 sets up to be a very good year. I can't really comment on how many projects we're going to get in CRM in the next 90 days. But in terms of the business itself, its leadership and the products that we're offering to our clients, I'm very confident in our performance in that area.
John Wren: Sure. I think the success of the media operation is down, one, to management of that specific operation. We've expanded the suite of services that we make available to clients in the media area. It is, of all of our services, probably one of the most measurable in terms of when we utilize the data and the amount of data that we have, we're able to optimize for the benefit of the client how they spend their money, improve it. So there's a great deal of analytics that are there today that weren't even possible four or five years ago. And I think, well, I do know this to be true. We have a reputation of delivering on what we promised when we're pitching for business. And I dare say we have the best reputation in the industry of delivering what we promise. And that has benefited us through this process.
John Wren: Sure. Yes, we've always had -- the M&A pipeline remains very strong for us. We have a team that's constantly looking at opportunities. They have to meet all of our internal criteria. It would have to typically be something that's additive to the portfolio of services that we offer our clients. If it's something that we can build and is expensive, we've steered away from it in the past, and we've been pretty consistent about that in the last -- at least the 26 years that I've been the CEO. But there are opportunities, and some of them are in areas that we've had on our list for a very long period of time that looked more reasonable than they did when the interest rate was zero.
John Wren: I think, well, there's still a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace because of all the things we talked about and in previous answers in our prepared remarks. Having said that, clients are pretty sophisticated, and they know that, no matter what the difficulties are, they have to continue to support their brands because if they don't, when the good times return, they'll have a much more difficult time regaining or maintaining their market share. So as we look at clients in '24 -- '23 was a tough year for many sectors. And that's why we referenced a couple of times earlier the tech sector. I would say, in my opinion, '23 was the first time in the tech sector had to face readjusting its business. And people, earlier in the year, went through massive layoffs and cutbacks of their own staffing, which they hadn't had any experience in their history of even needing to do. It was pure growth prior to this year. That's behind them now. They're a lot more experienced than they once were as we look forward. So clients aren't -- they know we're not through all the hurdles that exist out there, but they're confident that their brands and their positioning from their companies, they've taken a lot of pain and they're positioned well to go into the future.
John Wren: And you can't forget that, if you go back a year, interest rates were quite different for everyone. And sure, there's been a lot of sudden changes as the Fed has increased rates, and it takes people a bit of time to adjust what they're doing to those changing environments. But I think at this point -- everyone thinks -- they don't know when it's going to reverse itself, but they're adjusting to the current environment, and they don't think they're facing the same headwind in areas like that going forward. So again, it just adds to the confidence.
John Wren: Sure. I don't think we've recovered completely the inflation that we faced. When you look at this, from Western Europe, US and then emerging markets, inflation has been more severe. We haven't had some pricing flexibility but not to the extent of how fast inflation has risen. Now we're hoping that inflation has stabilized, and we'll start to enjoy the benefits of that. The other thing which impacts our business is actually an account the day you win it, the next 90 days is probably the least profitable time that you'll have that account because you're ramping up staff and you're changing organizations in order to accommodate and not drop any balls as the business has passed from one of our competitors to us. So that has some kind -- that has an impact not on unit pricing but on the overall costs that we face as we adjust and staff up for these events. More precise than that, I can't really be. I don't have any hard data which supports specific areas in the company. One of the reasons, though, that we've been able to expand our base in offshore and near-shore markets for more of the functions that we have to fulfill in order to complete our job, we've gotten better at that. We've grown the staff from -- we've doubled it in this past year. And I think in my comments we've said that we expect that to grow two to three times over the next 24 months because we have the infrastructure now to accommodate that growth. That gives us a bit of relief on the inflation that we haven't been able to pass on to our clients, so by doing things differently.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I'd certainly echo John's comments as far as the Q4 outlook and the very typical process we go through to capture as much of that project spend as we can in the fourth quarter, agency by agency, all across the world. Regarding your tech question, Ben, I think from our perspective, given relative comps, we don't really see the tech headwinds as significantly different than the broader macro at this point in time, now that we're through nine months of 2023. Maybe they close out the year not as strong as they did last year as far as spending, but at some point in the near future, we don't see this as a permanent decline. We think they're going to come back and invest in their brands and begin to spend at a higher level at some point in the near future.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I wouldn't take it, the fact that we haven't raised the dividend in 2023, as a lack of confidence in the business at all. Given the broader macro, I think, we've always approached it, and the Board has always approached it, with a level of conservatism and really continuing to keep the flexibility we have in the capital structure right now given the broader macro. But it's certainly something that's on the agenda, and I would not view it as a function of a lack of confidence in the business at all.
Phil Angelastro: Sure. Regarding the second question and third-party service costs, we don't really parse the number in the way that you've suggested. But we had strong growth, as we said in our prepared remarks, in the media business, no question, as well as experiential. Both of those businesses do come with those third-party service costs as part of the business. Certainly, a reference back to Tim's question regarding clients and the flexibility that they're looking for, they're certainly looking for a full suite of products from a media perspective and a wide range of marketing services that they'll avail themselves of. And our service offering can cover all of those things that they're looking for. So some of that growth certainly is in media, experiential, field marketing as well, but we had strong growth through most of our disciplines in the quarter, and we're certainly happy with those results.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think that what we've seen certainly is that sellers' expectations have kind of adjusted to the marketplace and to the macro environment that we're dealing with. So strategically, there are some opportunities out there that we've been looking at, some of which we completed in the third quarter, that have been more attractive than they certainly were not that long ago.
Phil Angelastro: Certainly, a lot's -- it's been an odd year. Certainly, a lot has changed, especially if you compare things to the last six months. But as we were going into '23, about a year ago, most of the conversations were about was there a recession coming, was it likely. And I think 12 months ago, it was more likely to happen in the first half, then it changed to more likely to happen in the second half. It's kind of been happening in slow motion. So the recent events in the Middle East certainly have changed things versus six months ago. But, yes, I would echo John's comments in terms of our view on '24 and client sentiment, they know they need to continue to invest in their brands. And I think that's been proven certainly throughout the cohort period.
Phil Angelastro: We don't really have a number, Craig. I think certainly, every one of our businesses has some expectations regarding project work in the fourth quarter. The key for us is, when we meet with them, ensuring they're not keeping staff on hand hoping to get new business as we head into the fourth quarter and then the cost structure is out of whack with their expected revenues. They need to have some historical analysis, and we've got plenty of that in order for our agencies to have certain amounts of project spend in their forecast. But typically, they're incentivized to benefit from capturing that year-end project spend. And our clients, by and large, want to spend the rest of their budget and grow their businesses through the end of the year. So those factors typically help us and help our clients to get to the point where we can capture a significant amount of that spend. But we don't have a hard and fast number. Blank percent of the $200 million to $250 million is in the forecast, but certainly, some of it in the forecast. But we're pretty conservative about how much our agencies can put in their forecasts because the last thing we want is people to be hiring ahead of the revenue or keeping people around that don't necessarily have anything to do if the revenue doesn't come through. That's a pretty consistent practice we followed for quite some time.
