John Wren: Excuse me operator, before we start the questions, we are happy to have Daryl Simm, the CEO of Omnicom Media Group with us here today for the Q&A session. We’ve had him with us before and we thought having him with us today would be helpful for those listening. So, if you could get started with the Q&A that would be great.
John Wren: I think as I said in the final paragraph in my prepared remarks is we remain cautiously optimistic. We have the Olympics coming up in just a couple of days, and if our CRM business - it's events start coming back that should benefit us quite a bit in terms of our organic revenue growth would be.
John Wren: Sure. We’ve seen in a couple of areas and those tend to be gross businesses, so the revenue impact is actually larger than in some other cases. Earlier in the year, we saw -- when the oil prices fell, we saw some Middle East countries that we had done events for, canceled those events in an effort to not knowing their future. That oil seems to be stabilizing, those may come back next year. And then with Paris and San Bernardino in a bunch of other terrorist type of, either domestic or planned, clients really are taking a hard look at some of the events that they would typically throw and they pull back on them, they canceled them where they could. But not certainly every event, but it was enough to have an impact of a couple of percent on our growth in the quarter.
John Wren: I think, what you are seeing is a general concern among some advertisers that's causing if you will the tapping of the brakes, while the issues may exist in some pockets more than others it does have a - it does soften the overall growth of the category. So, indeed there are areas that are more problematic than others, but it's an overall budget tapping of the brakes that we see among some advertisers at the moment.
John Wren: Sure. Well, Brixit with recent and I think there will be uncertainty until we get greater color, they’ve just changed governments on some of the trade arrangements that the UK is able to enter into with the rest of Europe, its biggest trading partner. So, there could be shifts, there have been voices about banks making moves, but I think it's way too early to tell. The biggest impact is that we were in [indiscernible], and when you look at the demographics everybody from the UK that was there went to bed Thursday night thinking that the vote would fail and it passed. So, there is still a lot, a bit of uncertainty. We represented everywhere, so if there's a shift from one market to another, we can easily follow it and pick it up without any real destruction to our business.
John Wren: CRM and some of the bigger assets are like Rapp Collins, Proximity of various brands that we have. We've recently made some management changes in those areas because we're unsatisfied with the pace of growth that we have. Looking at it longer term, as you get into addressable TV and you get into measure things more closely we believe CRM is going to become more and more important as you look forward. So, we are making investments, we are making changes and going through quite a bit of effort in the whole area.
John Wren: I think even though we’ve got a modest transition from P&G in the second quarter, we take over full responsibility starting July 1 and Volkswagen doesn't start until January 1 and I believe it's a multiyear contract.
John Wren: Generally on most of the other wins – until a week ago – but there is normally at least a 90-day lag before – between winning the business and seeing the first dollar of revenue.
John Wren: I would also add that, sitting here today, I have more hunters than I do farmers, so we are doing pretty well in new business though.
John Wren: Right. Did that answer your question? I am far more comfortable that it would exceed $4 billion now than I was when I first made the prediction.
John Wren: And I might add that there is -- under GAAP there is revenue associated with every dollar of recorded revenue. So unlike some other people who operate under different stock exchanges, we don't use headline numbers.
John Wren: In the event of section – part of that business, there tends to be where you are taking responsibility for partying; you are contracting out to get services performed by third parties. That tends to be more of a principal transaction.
John Wren: Correct. And businesses like [indiscernible] so we like the proximity, which is also part of CRM, tend to be more like agency, they tend to be fees.
John Wren: Well, we are about to go through our six plus six forecast meetings starting in about two weeks where I would have a lot more specific information about what our expectations are in terms of events, but we did see some impactful slowdown in the quarter from things that were canceled. So I remain optimistic, but I don't – Omnicom is not run quarterly, it's run over a longer period of time, so as long as the services we are providing are still a value to our clients, we will continue to make investments in them.
John Wren: Well, the events go across great amount of activities. One which didn’t repeat this year was in one of [indiscernible] and that was based on education. In China, with the changes of what the Chinese government is doing a lot of luxury goods producers have cut back on the type of events that they are throwing in those markets and in places like Paris where there's been tragedies, we've seen a couple of events cut back or slowdown, so they are not music festivals.
Phil Angelastro: You are right. There is still quite a bit of uncertainty out there in terms of what the Brexit really means, how soon it may or may not have an impact in the US elections, the Brazilian economy etc. So, we are - while we are optimistic we're certainly cautious at the same time.
Phil Angelastro: Just picking up specifically on FX impact, the impact on margins this quarter was maybe 5 basis points negative, probably a little less. I think we are finding although, FX is not always intuitive at the connection between the impact it has on revenues and our margins because it depends on where the FX movements are, what market they are in and the relative margins of those markets, generally we find when FX is plus or minus 1%, maybe 2% typically doesn’t impact our margins that much, there could be exceptions, but we haven't found that this year yet. And as far as interest expense goes, and/or interest income, FX might have as we’ve experienced in the last year, year and a half here might have somewhat of an impact on our interest income on our cash balances overseas, but not on our interest expense.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah I think that's right. I think certainly the revenues we earned and our cost base whether it's people, rent, etc. is almost all in the same currency in the UK. So, we don't think it will have negative impact on us, as far as our margins go.
Phil Angelastro: What we said before Peter is even though Accuen has been around for two or three years now in full operations, we're happy to provide our clients with those services using whatever model they prefer. Ultimately, we want to go in and grow our EBITDA dollars first and foremost whatever model they are comfortable with, we're happy to provide it to them and were going to see how it continues to evolve as it gets more mature and, as Daryl had said, as more clients move more of their budgets into programmatic.
Phil Angelastro: We got a clock. There is quite a bit of activity every quarter in terms of both wins and losses. It's not all wins. There is quite a bit of turn especially when you consider depending on how you count them, we've got 1000 agencies or more.
Phil Angelastro: So the model does tend to help us be a little bit less volatile and a little more consistent at Omnicom level at least.
Phil Angelastro: In terms of the – I can tell you for the quarter – second quarter, the net number was about – just about $950 million that excludes Volkswagen and Volkswagen has been reported in the press at depending on whence report you read between $1 billion, $1.5 billion or $1.6 billion and $3 billion of billings. We don’t really put a lot of stock in this billings number but people certainly seem to want it, so we do our best to provide it. And frankly, we are happy to let people choose whichever number they want to put on the Volkswagen one as far as billings. We don't yet have a sense for what our revenue numbers going to be from Volkswagen, it's going to take some time to get a better handle on that and ultimately that's what our focus is.
Phil Angelastro: On the China question, growth in greater China was probably a little bit over 3%, 3% to 3.5% for greater China. As far as the pass-through impact on revenue, we just don't track it that way. We're focused on our revenue growth overall, we don't kind of pick and choose what we may consider to be good or bad. We report in accordance with GAAP. We don't have a hybrid revenue number. We expect our agencies and our managers to manage the full P&L and not pick and choose what can be excluded or included. So we just don't track it that way.
Phil Angelastro: The other thing to keep in mind for us is those businesses certainly aren't new. We had all of them for quite some time.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah, I think we always say in any one particular quarter don't draw a trend, I think we have seen though in the event businesses here more than just one quarter of a bit of deceleration. Sometimes those things take a little time to cycle. So, again, we'll have a better sense after we spend more time going through the next six months of the year with the management teams as where we are going to shakeout for the year.
Phil Angelastro: And as far as minority interests, our concern on controlling interests declining for the rest of the year. I think we actually hope it doesn't because that means that the businesses with minority owners are performing better and we're getting – they're getting their share of a larger piece of pie.
Phil Angelastro: But there is a bit of – we did acquire some additional interests within the last 12 months or within the last six months I'd say that might bring that number down a bit. And the rest of it, the bigger impact frankly on that number typically is FX, so it's possible that FX will reduce numbers, it’s possible FX will have positive impact on that number depends on what market it's in.
Phil Angelastro: Yeah, it could be events related, I mean it could be entertainment related, it could be sports related, it could be – and typically mostly is specific clients and product driven, it can be related to conventions, it could be related to auto shows, new car launches, really run the gamut of the type of events that those businesses will put on for its clients and it is a global business. Although – I think it could change relatively quickly both up or down.
Daryl Simm: Yes. I think I will start the answer to that the question by saying that we certainly followed the - following the release of the study contacted all of our clients as we mentioned in the remarks to review the buying practices that we have within our agencies, and we received fairly supportive feedback from the majority of them. Some of them have asked for clarification specific to their business and naturally we’ve answered that, but all these clients ordered us on a regular basis and that continues to be the case as we move forward. So, specific to your question, naturally there is more scrutiny in the area, but the contracts that are written between ourselves and our clients are as you might expect very comprehensive in nature and we don't see any change in that.
Daryl Simm: You definitely hit one of the factors. A year ago, we did see, over the past year I should say we did see some significant scatter premiums so part of the move is undoubtedly some advertisers moving more to the upfront to avoid the experience they had a year ago paying those big premiums, but I do think there are couple other factors contributing to the price increase itself. You've got the pattern of diminished audiences, so there is less supply there. We’ve also seen some advertisers that while they are continuing to grow their digital budgets there is a tap at the brakes in that space as some react to concerns about the view ability or fraud matters. We see the demand is up some points. The prices are up higher than the increases in revenue because of the decreases in supply and we will have to see as the year unfolds whether those revenue increases hold and scatter.
Daryl Simm: The only thing that I would add is this a growing feeling on the part of big advertisers that you can't grade your homework when it comes to measurement and with more money being dedicated to digital new standards are going to have to get agreed to so they can measure the ROI or the efforts that they are putting in.
Daryl Simm: Yeah. When it comes to principle-based models it's too early I think to tell. It is, soon after the ANA study has been released. The clients still express a high level of comfort, but having said that we have been growing the programmatic business in the early days on a direct response ROI outcome-based models and we are seeing a shift that is towards more brand-based advertisers in looking for more effective targeting, they're looking for engagement and I think as this continues to evolve we will see a reduction in the share of programmatic that's on a performance basis or in a principle based model. Of course all of those clients that are participating on that basis are opting in to that model when it's principle based in programmatic.
Daryl Simm: The budgets are not going down. The budgets are still growing in the digital space. I would say the pace of growth among some advertisers have slowed for the reasons that I mentioned, but they are still growing.
Daryl Simm: It’s certainly one of the – one of the factors that is helping lift the television marketplace in the U.S. that we are seeing at the moment.
Daryl Simm: Yeah, I can't say that there are major surprises there. I mean the advertisers [indiscernible] site, sound and motion and they will continue to be in terms of the most effective way to represent and engage with consumers their brands. So, as I said earlier, the strength that we see in the marketplace is the combination of, I would say, a modest increase in terms of budgets and a decrease in terms of supply and a concern about higher rates that were paid a year ago, our major contributors to the kind of strength that we see in the upfront. So, no, I don't see any, I would say significant surprises in that and nor am I surprised that again for the reasons I mentioned earlier that there is a tap of the brake among some clients that are concerned about their message getting through for reasons of [indiscernible].
Daryl Simm: There's not a lot of digital bundled into that 10% number when a agreement is reached with the kind of vendor you might be thinking, although, at an increasing amount. However, the clients are as, I mentioned just a few moments ago, are focused on site, sound and motion and on increasing their digital spend in the video space. So, there continues to be a swing in terms of the share of budget in digital to video fairly aggressively. So you can take from that what you will in terms of the price strength of the video in the digital space.
