John Wren: Sure. There are still some areas to come that clients would like to deploy money to especially when it comes to live events and execution type of activities. We saw that start up again very robustly in China in the beginning of the quarter. Slowdown in China continue to had some problems but wherever its possible, you can see that we are coming back and companies like insurance companies or some of our government accounts would like to get back out on the road and visit with people constantly. So, there is more to come I think. Having said that, our underlying growth areas have been, as I said in the call, CRM, advertising and media, they’ve been strong and they’ve more than compensated for the not yet returned segments where people will in fact spend money as we move forward as more people get back to the regular schedule.  And I think it’s been 20 months since most people have shut down and it’s – without any severe disease setbacks, I think we’ll increasingly see more and more people back in offices and – because they are already going to sporting events and dinner and enjoying themselves. And more to come and I am pretty bullish about the future. 
John Wren: Yes, on the project business, in truth, at this point, we have forecasted what our folks have told us. As you know that changes – and can change quite a bit as you go through the quarter. We are being a bit conservative this year because, there have been supply chain concerns throughout this pandemic. They have gotten a bit more severe, but not outrageously more severe and we know that clients will continue to spend at the level they are currently spending at. We just don’t know if there will be those yearend situations where they can deploy more dollars. So, I think it was pretty clear that we believe that – I think for the first time, I didn’t warn about that in all the calls I listen to. And probably for the first time I told you what we believe organic growth can be for the full year in terms of what we see right now. 
John Wren: Let me see if I can answer your first question. The size of the opportunity really has never gotten in our way one way or the other in terms of our ability or affordability for what we believe is a strategic and an accretive transaction. What is different and I did mentioned in the last call, you are right, was we went from a mode of cleaning up the portfolio to really reactivating our people that are looking for certain acquisitions in the areas that I outlined.  And the practice, in addition to the corporate effort that’s going on there, each one of the practice areas that we are focused on for acquisitions is – has a similar group to the corporate group out scouring the market to find out if we can find partners that we want to do business with going forward.
John Wren: Sure. In answering Alexia’s question, that forecast, that implied forecast, I believe you’ve calculated to be pretty accurate. Any projects that we have been able to forecast are included in that’s – in what we are saying. So it’s not without some activity. We – in each year, normally, as you know, I get on the call and say, well, growth, who knows where growth is really going to be, but, because we don’t know what the budget flush project spending is going to be.  We’ve taken a real hard look at it this year and we’ve probably done a better job of ferreting out some of those unknowns than we have in past years. So it’s a fairly, based upon everything we know sitting here right now, it’s a very reliable outlook. Having said that, that’s what we expect and that’s what we are hiring for and planning day-to-day as we go through the tactics of running a business. It’s something were to come in, so be it. But at this point, I don’t think it will be reasonable or responsible to forecast more.
John Wren: Sure. Most of the conversations that I’ve been having with our clients have been multifaceted. I mean, they are generally very optimistic that as people return to the workplace and start to spend money, start to get out of the house that we’ll see more and more spending and growth, at least in the near term. That’s probably tempered by the supply that some of our clients can come through with in terms of the goods that are held up in ports or they know will come, they’ll be able to market but they are not certain that they’ll have them in their parking lots or stores to sell today.  That’s their issue for the most part. We’ve spent a great deal of time looking at this and talking to people about it, to find out what the impact is from those issues on the current level of spending that we are seeing. And we are very comfortable that we don’t see any real cutbacks from what we are currently projecting for you. So - and it’s the great unknown. Everybody - it covers every bit of the news and all the rest and I think all responsible people are focused on it daily, so.
John Wren: The reason I have been optimistic is that, in the three years leading up to the pandemic, what we would do, we will strategically and I think sensibly and responsibly, trimming and reshaping our portfolio for companies that we believe were going to contribute to our growth longer term. And we finished for the most part, that process at the end of last year, the beginning of this - I guess this year, forgive me.  And last year we started to truly search for and support using our acquisition dollars some of the areas that we have decided will be large contributors to growth going forward. And so our portfolio has changed I guess over the last several years and we’ve been very deliberate during the pandemic to not take our foot off of the accelerator.  And so, I think we are left with matches where clients need and they are going to spend their money now and for the foreseeable future. And we will keep working at it and trying to make grow it and make certain that we can provide services that in the aggregate I am confident that we are going to get back to GDP plus.
John Wren: I just gave you what I think was the real principal reason. I am sure there are many other factors. I’d have to think more before I could point to any other single thing that would materially have impacted it. The reshaping of the portfolio is terribly important. 
John Wren: Certainly. For a good part of 2020 and the earlier part of 2021, there was a concerted effort especially focused that of our media and retail shopper marketing practice areas to take a very hard look into skill sets and capabilities that we had within Omnicom. And how we could ensure and accelerate our knowledge and importance to our clients as they depend more and more on e-commerce solutions to interface with their consumers and their customers.  And we are very bullish that we have a pretty significant set of resources out there that are able to respond to that need. And it’s one of the areas that we’ve identified and we continue to search for sensible acquisitions which will enhance the skills that are already within the company.
John Wren: Okay. Couldn’t agree more with him and if you had looked historically, there have been two times only we’ve intentionally deleveraged and taken any insurance out. One was after the Great Recession in 2008 and one was after the pandemic here. So, the management has been terribly consistent for a very long period of time.
John Wren: I only have a couple of points to make in trying to answer your question, but feel free to come back if I don’t cover it. 
John Wren: I would say almost at any point in time there is always a challenge to get more of the best and the brightest. This period of time did not made that any easier and we continue to go out and search and tried to bring into Omnicom those people who possess both skills and are looking for a place that has a truly defined culture that we will offer them career passes that they can look forward to and a diverse set of clients in different industries that they can practice their craft.  As Phil said, we also spend, as part of that culture very dedicated and we never cutback a penny on this, on what we dedicate to training and the development of our younger staff. So, the challenge is ever present. Now, we, like everybody else, faced some nuance and some different challenges during this period. But we are also as we face some salary increases for certain things, we are a very highly incentive compensation type model.  So in terms of what we pay out in total sum, we are well within our capability of dealing with any challenges that we’ve seen thus far and can anticipate in terms of the inflation in salary costs. So environment and culture becomes terribly important.  The other thing when looking at groups like ours, which can’t be overlooked is that our clients in their marketing departments are facing more severe challenges of losing talent and requiring our assistance in certain areas that maybe in more comfortable times, they wouldn’t has been as keen to buy or as wanting to be first in the queue to make sure that we can preserve those people to service their needs. So it’s a - for everything that makes the glass half empty, we’ve been able to and been blessed with it being really half full.
John Wren: I don’t know where to start. But I mean I can’t predict inflation, but my CFO probably will take a shot at it.
John Wren: At this point, I’ve been asked to thank everybody and we are sorry if we couldn’t get to all of your questions. And we hope to see you and speak to you very soon. So with that, I just want to say thank you for joining us and giving us your time.
Philip Angelastro: Sure. In summary, I think based on everything we know today, as we look out into the future beyond what John said in his prepared remarks, which was essentially we are comfortable that through nine months, we are at an EBIT margin of 15.1%. We expect for the year, we will be 15.1%. I think as we look out into the future, we don’t expect that our margins are going to deteriorate from that. It’s too early to forecast 2022. But we are optimistic that we’ll be able to maintain those levels.  There is an awful lot of unknown at the moment with COVID and returning to travel. We have benefited from a reduction in travel expenses and some of the other addressable spend cost that our agencies have done a great job managing. We do expect to maintain some of that permanently. But as we grow, costs are going to come back. And the challenge for us is going to be to maintain them relative to a growing cost base and we are confident that our performance through nine months will be sustainable and our expectations for this year will be similar from a margin perspective going forward.
Philip Angelastro: ICON itself – you are correct, is a U.S. based business. So certainly that is a part of it. There is also, when you look at the components of our growth in experiential, and the experiential discipline, the growth outside the U.S. was significantly higher than the growth inside the U.S. Both the U.S. experiential business and the international experiential business grew rapidly in the quarter, which was certainly a positive.  But the growth outside the U.S., which is more - say, large event-driven as opposed to the U.S. business having some component of consultative part of the business grew less rapidly. It grew right. Its performance was really, really good. But the U.S. business grew at a less rapid rate than the international business and we are happy with the performance of both.  And then, in the U.S., as you said before, ICON, the disposition is largely a U.S. based business.
Philip Angelastro: So, on, on - just to continue on what John had said and then talk about capital allocation more broadly. Certainly, our preference, as we’ve indicated is to spend more of our free cash flow on acquisitions that the characteristics that we’ve typically described and that John touched on. So we are very confident in the areas that we want to grow in and where we are looking for acquisitions, the faster growth areas and businesses that are going to contribute to an acceleration of organic growth in the future.  But I don’t think you can – you should expect anything to change significantly in our approach to capital allocation. We’ll continue to look at our free cash flow and paying attractive dividend. We are going to continue as we said, more aggressively to pursue acquisition opportunities in those higher growth areas, and we expect to continue to be successful on that front. We did start to get back in the market a little bit in the second quarter more in the third quarter of this year in terms of buying back shares and using our free cash flow for buying back shares. That will continue in Q4. We don’t set and won’t set an acquisition bogey for 2022 in terms of a dollar amount or a percentage of free cash flow.  And if there are more attractive deals available, we are going to pursue them and if we overspend or underspend our free cash flow, we are going to do it for the right reasons. And our share buyback approach won’t change in that broader context either.
Philip Angelastro: I think after we recently delevered, as we referenced, I think you can expect us to stay in around our historical levels on a gross debt basis. So 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 in that neighborhood. I think the Board certainly is comfortable with that. We as a management team are relatively conservative about our leverage levels. And I think you can expect to see us in and around those levels going forward.
Philip Angelastro: Yes, I’ll start with the first part and then you can add. So certainly, we learned quite a bit about our people and our businesses. Communication was certainly critical and continues to be critical with all constituencies that make up our businesses. So our employees, the people that manage our individual agencies, our clients staying close to them throughout the pandemic was certainly made possible by the technology investments we had made over the last several years and we are able to do so without a hitch.  So, technology played a large role. I think we’ve learned that there is an awful lot that we can do as a business and our people can do to service their clients using that technology to do things that we never thought were possible before. That’s going to enable us going forward to look at the business a little differently and our infrastructure a little bit differently, so that we can continue to get the most out of those technology investments going forward.  We also think from a people perspective mentoring our people, especially our younger colleagues. It works best when people are together. Creativity works best when people are together. There’s an awful lot we can do remotely. No question we’ve proved that out. But over time we are a culture that works best when we are together.  Certainly, the pandemic proved that we need to be flexible in that approach and it may differ market-by-market or business-by-business. But I think we are a culture of collaboration and while we can utilize technology to take advantage of a number of opportunities, we do work best and look forward to our people coming together to collaborate again in person.  And certainly, the acceleration of digital and e-commerce broadly in the marketplace and each of our clients pursuing their own strategies, our agencies have done a great job in helping them deal with all the changes that come with that. And certainly our Precision Marketing Group has done extremely well in that area helping its clients on a number of initiatives that they’re pursuing in digital and e-commerce. And yes, we are optimistic that that growth will continue on an accelerated pace.
Philip Angelastro: So there has certainly been lots of press on inflation for quite a while now. Is it transitory? Is it non-transitory? Plenty of people have an opinion, many of which are different. The Fed has their own opinion as to whether it’s transitory. But certainly sectors like CPG, auto, food have been impacted and we’ll see how it plays out over time.  But to-date, the feedback we’ve gotten in our discussions with clients, it really hasn’t been a negative or a positive in having any kind of a meaningful impact at this point on their spending plans near-term. So we haven’t seen and don’t expect significant reductions in consumer spending in the near-term. And ultimately, I don’t think there is a definitive answer that anyone has at this point in time. We are just going to have to see how it plays out.  And then regarding the Precision Marketing space, we’ve done a few deals of some business transformation consulting firms and also some MarTech consulting firms that have been quite successful and we’ve built out. Credera, the initial acquisition we did several years ago, it has some global offices now and more offices in the U.S. than it had before.  Extremely successful and we expect that that success will continue and certainly those are areas within Precision Marketing that we are looking for opportunities and we expect to find some additional opportunities. There is some other strategic areas within what could be viewed as a relatively broad category. But we haven’t finalized any of those transactions and then we are not sure whether we will be successful or not. But certainly, we’ve got our eye on a few different opportunities.
