Randall Weisenburger: Thank you for taking the time to listen to our second quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website. Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other information that is included on Page 1 of our investor presentation, and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially. I'd also like to remind you that during the course of this earnings call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this call. We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter in more detail, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. As we mentioned, or as John mentioned, we think we're pretty far along with anything that could have a charge. We think we've taken most of those charges in the first quarter. We certainly have a few more transactions we'd like to get completed. The timing of that is hard to determine. It's not fully in our control. People are progressing, but whether they're going to close behind the third quarter, the fourth quarter, is hard to say. I have to say there were a couple that I was hoping we're going to close in the second quarter that didn't happen.
Randall Weisenburger: We have a great visibility in our pipeline. We don't necessarily have such great visibility on when they're going to close. So that one's a little trickier. Two sides to every transaction.
Randall Weisenburger: Certainly wasn't anything significant, I mean I guess for the company of our size there's always -- you can call anything you want one time. But there's certainly nothing of major significance. As far as the breakout of where our operating leverage came from, we had operating leverage everywhere. What came through in the quarter was on I'll say some of our fixed cost. We're certainly making fairly good progress on rent, depreciation and those types of items that are in control of the cost, making reasonable progress on the salary side as well. That gets offset a little bit by incentive accruals as well. Incentive accruals have been up for the first half. So it creates a bit of a balance. I think we're largely, and you said kind of how we're tracking, I think we're largely on track to where we wanted to be from a margin perspective coming through the year. I was a little bit surprised with the impact that FX had on margins. Obviously, our domestic margins are a little bit higher than our international margins, overall, and with the normal sort of 2% or 3% plus or minus FX you don't really notice it. This quarter with the 5.5% impact from FX, we actually saw it in the margins a little bit. It was almost 20 basis points. So I think, overall, we're tracking pretty well. I think we're pretty happy with our progress. Certainly have an awful lot of people in the organization, if not everybody, focused on it.
Randall Weisenburger: I think even broader is just the rapid deployment of new and emerging technologies. It seems that every one of our disciplines, every one of our campaigns, people are experimenting with or utilizing new technologies to extend the region, extend the breadth of the campaigns.
Randall Weisenburger: The question was the impact of dispositions on margins. It wasn't meaningful. Certainly, the companies that we've tried to dispose of were not high-margin, high-growth businesses. Otherwise, we wouldn't have been looking to dispose of them. So I'm sure there was a positive impact. But at most, it would have been a couple basis points.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes. First of all, it wasn't very much revenue. So it couldn't have a lot of impact. And the last one was salary pressure and turnover. I don't believe turnover has changed in any kind of a meaningful way. Salary pressure, there is some salary pressure. We're 2 or 3 years into a recessionary period that we've been trying to control costs. There's certainly a number of people that haven't had salary increases in a couple of years at this point. So with that, there's certainly some pressure, but it's an unfortunate state of the U.S. economy and a lot of the global economies that we're going to have to keep those costs under control.
Randall Weisenburger: From a volume standpoint, U.S. and the Euro region, including the U.K., is the bulk of the revenue. So the U.S. margins are a bit higher than Europe. The rest of the world isn't going to move the needle dramatically in that kind of a timeframe.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes we're always looking at acquisitions to extend our current capabilities around Europe. We have a number of brand platforms operating in the Europe looking to extend their capabilities and reach, so those are always possibilities. And obviously, it's a large geographic area, so from a numbers standpoint, it's inevitable that we'll complete a number of acquisitions in those markets. As a strategic focus, the rest of the world is obviously a greater, yes, I'll say a strategic focus, Asia, emerging Asia, Latin America, Middle East, probably India, obviously are very important, and we've got a lot of resources focused on expanding there.
Randall Weisenburger: On an annualized basis, it would be -- if we had everything completed on the potentials list, it would be about $200 million.
Randall Weisenburger: It was actually fairly mixed results by market and somewhat business related. We had a -- we had one client, I think John mentioned, that was reasonably sizable that was lost.
Randall Weisenburger: First on specialty. That category is largely our ethical pharmaceutical area. And it was healthcare overall was up but that area of healthcare was down. As far as leverage goes, as we said as we go through the year, we kind of restored that -- put that $1 billion of leverage back. We front-end loaded this year a little bit. Certainly, the share repurchase activity in the first half, we said was going to be about 10 million shares. I think we ended up right at 10 million shares, net. I think it was about 13-point-something million shares, gross. Yes, so I think we're largely on track to where we thought we were going to be. I don't think we're quite back to the full leverage level on a net basis that we said we're going to probably get to by the end of this year and the beginning of next year.
Randall Weisenburger: They are mostly U.S.-based. 50% of our business is the U.S., so that make sense. They're businesses that are maybe generally good businesses, but not strategically aligned with the overall portfolio of Omnicom. So it's either a different client base or they were attempts at greater alignment or greater benefits of being part of the overall portfolio that haven't quite worked out.
Randall Weisenburger: And generally, the businesses have good management teams. It's not a matter of a poorly run businesses. They are generally fairly good businesses, smart management teams, they're just not a core alignment with, I'll say the rest of the Omnicom group. We can't bring a lot to them, and they're not bringing a lot to the rest of the Omnicom family.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, just work through the math a little bit. If they were -- even if it was a 5% margin difference on say the full $200 million in revenue, that's $10 million. That's a pretty small shift in total. You said we're striving let's say for 100, 120 basis points of margin on $13 billion of revenue. $10 million doesn't change the answer very much.
Randall Weisenburger: And I think, especially in the United States, we've had a good new business run and what impacts the revenue right now isn't so much what happened this quarter but what's happened over the last several quarters. Our agencies, I think, have done a fairly good job on the new business front for a number of quarters now. As well as expanding the service offering to our clients. Someone asked the question about social media, I extended and talked about new technologies. Those new technologies are ways for our agencies to provide more value-enhanced services to existing clients. So I think all of that is helping to lead those growth rates. It's very difficult for us to know how much of our growth is a rebound off of a maybe what was potentially a lower than normal number in prior periods, and how much of it is economic recovery. And how much of it, frankly, is growth of services with our clients as opposed to new business. So all of those things are certainly helping us right now. As John pointed out, we expect over sometime for our revenues to sort of reconnect with GDP plus 100 or 200 basis points. But that will happen over some period of time.
Randall Weisenburger: No. So that's what we've been trying to say for people for a long time. Those aren't disciplines. They are mediums or tools that all of our agencies are utilizing to provide the types of services that they provide to their clients. So if it's a shopper marketing firm, they're going to be utilizing all of those tools and technologies to execute to their client. If it's a PR firm, they're going to be dealing with social media, new technologies, new analytics in order to provide better service to their clients. So it's really embedded in those disciplines for us, and it's positively impacting all of our agencies across all of our lines of business.
Randall Weisenburger: We don't even -- I mean if you heard my comment just a second ago, we talk about new technologies not digital or non-digital because frankly everything, as John pointed out, is digital in some respects or another. We see, all of our agencies see significant opportunities to utilize new technologies to extend the services that they're providing to clients fundamentally around their same disciplines. If it's brand advertising or PR or shopper marketing or Field Marketing, all of those disciplines are utilizing new technologies to provide better and greater services to their clients. And it's taking more work, more labor hours, but they're providing a, I don't want to say better, but a broader, hopefully a more effective job to their clients. And thank you all for taking the time to listen to our call.
John Wren: I would say share gains contribute quite a bit to our overall performance in the U.K. We have excellent agencies there, and we've been batting very well in terms of new business opportunities. In terms of many of our clients there are regionally and globally based clients, so there's an increase in spending in terms of what their plans are and their objectives are.
John Wren: At the moment, I would say people are on track for the spending that they're planned to do. There is, as we all know, there's a fair amount of uncertainty here in the U.S., given Congress' inaction and people not knowing quite how to plan in the near term. So we remain a victim as everyone is of those actions, But short of that, everybody has been very consistent so far in terms of what their planning is for the balance of the year.
John Wren: No, I mean, July and August, the third quarter is not as large or significant as the second quarter is. But on a year-over-year basis, I think we can expect the same type of growth.
John Wren: Well, there's a number of deals which we're in the process of completing. We expect some of them will close in the next -- in the third quarter or beginning of the fourth quarter. Again, as Randy suggested, we're not always 100% in control of the timing because there's another side to the equation. And so we've targeted a number of companies in a number of developing markets, and we're proceeding at a pace to close them. I suspect that they'll be closed this year. I just don't know the month in which they will be done. At least I'm hopeful that they'll be done. Having said that, I think we exceeded what our original target was in terms of repurchasing shares slightly than what we told you in the first half. We will make those judgments along with the board as we get through the rest of the year, but right now our focus is on acquisitions.
John Wren: I guess the second question first. There wasn't anything that surprised me very much. We just saw a very steady performance in all the markets that weren't under some unusual stress like Japan and Greece. So I was happy across the board as Randy mentioned and I mentioned I think in our comments. In terms of social media, it's affecting everything, Bill. I would imagine almost every campaign, advertising campaign we do, every marketing services store promotion campaign that we do, at this point has some social marketing component to it. And it's becoming just part of the normal process that we go through in terms of wanting to include and extend the messaging into a network. So it's pretty much the norm. It's no longer just demographic targeting and media selection. It's how do you engage the consumer and try to encourage that kind of conversation.
John Wren: So much of it I can categorize as a project. Now, I wouldn't say, I mean, it's constantly evolving, it's constantly changing. But I wouldn't say there's any major trends that are developing that stand out.
John Wren: First, U.S. growth. I mean U.S. growth has trended a little higher in the first half, when you exclude Chrysler from our first quarter, than we have been anticipating. And it's hard sitting here, given the backdrop of unemployment and all the challenges that the U.S. has to think that it's not going to moderate closer to what our original forecast, which was a couple of points slower as we get into the second half. We're not hoping for that. We're not planning for it -- we are planning for it. So we're being a bit conservative in that. Until we see it, we're not going to believe it's going to happen. In terms of margins I didn't...
John Wren: Certainly. And it's not easy, but we certainly try to manage to that. As Randy said, increasing base salaries as to reflect the growth of the marketplace that you're in. And we try to reward people where we can't increase salaries through increased incentives if the performance exceeds what our expectations were.
John Wren: Yes, I mean, just to maybe restate what Randy said. Our focus in terms of us working and searching and looking and developing acquisitions from a corporate perspective, is really in the other developing markets around the world. I would say once you get into the more developed markets, they become opportunities, and there are opportunities that come up from time to time and we act on them. So our efforts are on both, but we're actively searching in developing markets.
John Wren: Right. The likelihood of that is unfortunately small, but -- so it will be less than $200 million but the max will be about that.
John Wren: But Europe is -- at the moment Germany continues to be strong followed by the U.K. The rest of Northern Europe is steady. We saw some improvements in the non-Euro markets and then Southern Europe is a disaster. The good news is that in Southern Europe, our numbers, which have been decreasing for the last several quarters are getting smaller so the decreases are less impactful.
John Wren: It's hard to tell. So I mean being conservative, we'd say we're expecting about the same as what we've seen.
John Wren: I wouldn't say -- at this point, I wouldn't say that there's any impact. At this point, it's more tidiness and just getting all of our strategic initiatives completed. I don't see even the disposition of these businesses impacting our margins, overall, whether they're with us or they're not with us.
John Wren: Sure, I mean, well, there are a few cyclical things, which certainly have impacted the business. But at this point, I think, we've cycled through most of that. Most of our clients are focused on growing their top line and that has been a conversation that's been going on for a good long while. And certainly is the focus today when we sit down and we speak to our clients. The media is changing, the shift in media is changing where we spend our money and how we provide those services shifts as we go throughout the year. And we always held the belief, and it's a long-term belief and it's served us pretty well, that over the long term, marketing spend will correlate in some fashion to GDP. And so we're happy when we exceed our objectives, but we're governed by our history and by our beliefs. And so we expect things to moderate a bit.
John Wren: No, we've entered into similar agreements with I guess all the other major competitors to Google in the area of search and display advertising. And so I would say in the aggregate, all of those partnerships are helping us adjust and adapt and improve the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns that we provide to our clients. But I wouldn't single out any one particular group.
John Wren: Sure. I continue to hold the view that everything has a digital component associated with it. And if you look at any of the campaigns which have been worked on for our major clients, you'll find that there's a significant digital, as well as traditional, component to both. Our attitude all along has been to offer separate specialty services in digital to the extent that clients want to buy it that way. But our belief is that all of our services are digital and will become digital. And it's my personal belief 2 years from now, you won't even use that word to make a distinction. But so we don't, unless Randy, correct me, we don't break the numbers out quite that way because everything is moving in that direction.
