John Wren: Sure. Good morning, Peter. That concern is true, but advertisers have taken various functions in-house for a very long time. We live with that situation and it has not impacted our ability to grow in other areas or grow with them or collaborate with them on the areas that they decide to take in-house. With respect to programmatic, we continue to see growth throughout and especially and even with clients that have taken certain aspects of this in-house. We sit beside them and we do other things. We complement their services, so it is not - that of all the concerns we have it is not a very, very impactful one.
John Wren: Our internal targets are to reach 6.1 in the fourth quarter there. They are more in line with we had set for the year, so that is number one. Number two as you said, and I think I have said for the last almost consistently for the 20 years on the third-quarter calls. There is so much project business in the fourth quarter. It is the quarter, where we have the least amount of visibility between now and 12.31, because we do not know how clients - what their budgets are and what they are going to do with them just yet.
John Wren: I think FX actually in the third quarter was a little counterintuitive for us relative to the first half of the year. as I have said earlier the year-to-date impact of FX was about 18 basis points, but in the third quarter, which again is a relatively small quarter, FX impacted those - in excess of about 30 basis points, so we are a little surprised by that, but you that is really just the math of where the FX impacts was. We have got a lot of corporate costs primarily in U.S. and some of our higher-margin markets outside the U.S. were impacted a little bit more heavily by FX this quarter and overall percentage or proportion of the total pie, so we think we have done a pretty good job to get back to the margins we delivered overall for the third quarter, which was where our internal targets were coming out, but FX certainly has been a big challenge for us this year on top-line and I think in the third quarter it had a little bit higher than expected impact on our overall operating costs and our operating margins. I think we are comfortable with the performance. I think, we look at fourth quarter if FX rates stay where they are now, we would expect revenues to be down about 4.5%. FX had started to come down, say, late September, early October of '14. That is when the dollar really started to strengthen significantly, but the Euro and Pound actually did not start to weaken relative to the dollar on a reported basis until early in 2015, so we expect to see some of the weakness in the fourth quarter relative to the euro and the pound, which are biggest international markets. I think from a margin perspective, our expectation is the same. We are going to continue to internally drive towards maintaining margins and overcoming whatever FX has in store for us in the fourth quarter.
John Wren: I do not have any specific information yet. Clients are really focused on finishing out this year and we won't start those dialogs probably until late November, the beginning of December. Every one of the CEOs that I talk to remain cautious and somewhat conservative, because of all the macroeconomic issues there are once you get outside the United States, so it is a little too early to give you more color depth on that question.
John Wren: Sure. Just one clarification, when it comes to verification or any of these a media ownership, we do not have any of those conflicts with our clients. It is very important to make sure that everybody understands what Omnicom owns and does not own. In terms of the verification services that I mentioned, we pay for those. They have been embedded in our performance Accuen type of revenue associated with clients, where we will promise our results. To make sure that a result is accurate, we have gone out since 2013 and hired third-party verification people to come in and tell us, gee, what is the view of ability, where is the audience coming from, you look like you are reaching enough people, but are they are really out of the market or they are coming from India or some place that you do not even sell your product, so we have gone through that exercise to legitimize our efforts in this area and it expands all the time. We believe that the time has come to agree industry standards and select third-party verification firms that clients are comfortable with and the providers are comfortable with and make them part of the normal practices that occur between client and agencies as we performs these duties. There are firm that you mentioned Nielsen Scott, a fabulous business and do all sort of wonderful things. I do not know specifically what it is working on in this area, especially mobile and comScore and Rentrak, is a great firm we have relationships with them and we get certain data and information from them as well, irrespective of the fact that WPP owns 20% of them, so if this is a process - but I think the time has come because of the amount of spending that clients are directing toward digital channels to really agree these areas and publishers, they are the one selling the content. We believe that they need to step up and provide third-party verification.
John Wren: Yes is the short the answer. We just had our Board meeting last week in Berlin, and we had the opportunity to visit with all of our German subsidiaries. They were very confident. The German economy is very, very strong. That is why we called it out. Spain has really turned it around compared to what it was in the past. We did not call out Italy although in the quarter it had year-over-year growth. The reason we did not call it out is because we still have a quarter to go, so we are a little bit cautious. France has been almost flat for the first six months, because it has [ph] been a little negative in the last quarter and then Netherlands has been an issue for us for the last almost two years, so the big markets in Europe, overall showing signs of progress. I can say with the exception of the Netherlands, but at some point that will flatten down as well and will drain from the growth in the strong markets. Yes. I think it is Europe still has a long way to go, but our performance has been pretty steady and we are continuing to make progress.
John Wren: Sure. Well, with respect to Facebook, we did announced last year at this time and our relationship with them is very, very positive. We find them extremely cooperative and we utilize their services. We have had growth in our spending with Facebook. It is not a limit to Facebook. We also have very strong relationships with the other major players, Google, we have experienced a lot of growth and Twitter. Our relationship with Twitter has expanding recently, so we are growing with them in most instances and our relationships are solid across the Board I think.
John Wren: Ad blocking is a large question for advertising, because almost center staged. The ANA last week - we have taken the view although we watch it, that if you - the customer is in control. Never been more evident than it is today and customers will embrace and ads-supported content model when they understand what it is we are trying to communicate and the quality - creative, so I tend to agree with some CMOs which are basically said we focus on great work that consumers will be interested in will pass and we will get pass the ad blocking concerns that are in the marketplace. It is an ongoing battle. People do not have to sit there and suffer things that are not of interested them and then so incumbent upon us to improve the product and the battle though is going on some high-quality publishers are already requiring users to disable their ad blockers in order to gain access to their content. We will see what happens in that battle, so everybody is front and center [ph]. We are certainly addressing ourselves good by focusing on the work and the content that we provide to the consumer.
Phil Angelastro: On your second question, Peter, the contribution this quarter from Accuen was about $25 million growth year-over-year for the quarter, so a little bit less than the second quarter. Third quarter is typically a smaller quarter than the second and/or the fourth. The rate of growth has slowed a bit versus last year and the third quarter I think the number was about $40 million. We expect given Accuen has been around for just about two years now, we expect that as the numbers get bigger in the base, the rate growth was going slow a little bit. We are happy with the performance. Our clients are happy with the product that they are getting and we expect it to be good business going forward as well.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. That number, we typically have found to be in the neighborhood of the $150 million to $200 million in potential year-end project work closing out budgets on the client side etcetera. We typically do not get none of it and we typically may not get all of it, but sitting here today we do not have a lot of visibility into what that number is going to be for the fourth quarter, so as John and said we are going to stick with our assumptions for the year as they relate specifically to the fourth quarter.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. It is not really - just to clarify, Craig, it is not really an issue of the cost and the revenues not matching on it. We probably have a couple of exceptions here and there. It is not necessarily a region that is an exception as far as the revenue and costs being denominated in the same local currency. It is really just a matter of mix, so some of our high margin markets Canada, Australia, Brazil and actually Russia - or Brazil and Russia given the currency impact is a much smaller than they were last year. When we have high-margin markets that are impacted significantly by FX, we had less revenue and less EBIT. The less EBIT over what is a large U.S. dollars driven denominator ends up having slightly lower margins, because there was less EBIT from those markets where the currency negative was larger than the proportion of the total. Hopefully that clarifies it for you, but it is back to - it is kind of - yes it is not always intuitive, it is not always in a straight line how FX impacts each of our international operations.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think certainly our capital allocation strategy has not changed. I will start with that. We are going to continue to look for acquisitions that right fit our strategic requirements and we are going to be aggressive in trying to find those assets and help us to grow the business where we think it makes sense, but to the extent that the right opportunities aren't available or we are not successful in reaching a deal that makes sense for us and frankly for the seller for the long-term, we are going to put that money to use in terms of buybacks. That approach has not changed. We are in the process of negotiating some deals. The pipeline is strong at the moment. We are not certain ultimately where we are going to get to in each of these cases, but there are some transactions work, we are certainly evaluating, and we are going to continue to evaluate and frankly that is no different than any quarter. Given we are headed into the fourth quarter here, either we are going to spend some of this, say, excess free cash that we have found some acquisitions and if we do not we will hold through to our pattern of a putting that cash to use in the way of buybacks prior to closing out the year.
Phil Angelastro: I do not think we have deferred any investment certainly no investments that we have felt are necessary to continue to build on the foundation to provide for stable and consistent growth into the future, but we are always looking for ways to be more efficient. We have got some initiatives that have started to give us some traction. We think we are pretty efficient already, but we know we can be more efficient and there are more opportunities to take some cost out of the business. I do not think we are ready yet to commit to what our expected growth rate as in '16 or what our expected margins are in '16, but we think as we continue to grow and as we continue to push these initiatives, we are going to find some ways that to find some leverage in the business, yes.
Phil Angelastro: Organic expense growth, I am not sure. We do not really track expenses on an organic basis. If you give me a minute, I can you give an idea what the constant dollar numbers were or major line items. I think, on a constant dollar basis, salary and service was just over $3 billion and office in general was just over $480 million.
Phil Angelastro: Yes - good progress actually in certainly smaller markets, so tempered with that, but the non-euro markets our businesses have actually continued to perform well there as well.
Phil Angelastro: Back to the second question, so salary and service we expect there are more valuable and flexible than our office in general cost. We would expect them to grow a bit as our revenue grows. I think, in this year, we found through, 930, our headcount numbers were up a bit, primarily probably in the U.S., a little bit U.K., so the number we expect to kind of grow with our revenues. Office in general, which are more fixed in nature. We expect them to, as a percentage of revenue which is how we look at the numbers, we would expect them to decline over time. Given some of the initiatives we have especially in the area of real estate, we would expect to continue to pursue those opportunities to reduce those costs and keep them as low as possible, so I think the trends is what we would expect to see.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I think, we are on right about to turn that the market is going to open, so I think if we could do one more question.
