John Wren: Yes is the answer to your question. We've been dragged down by a couple of specific things. Our branding business, where we just changed management and it takes a little bit of time to go out and sell those projects, but it's not a very long lead-time. So I fully expect that in the first quarter, that headwind will be removed from us and I'm looking forward to that. Direct marketing has been a problem in the last several quarters, creating a headwind. And with the addition of Luke and some other people, we've changed the management team and the approach in that area and I'm looking for pretty immediate improvement in that regard, because we've spoken to Luke for a very long time and he's been with us since July. The third other area, which isn't a problem on a worldwide basis, but in the U.S. what we have and this won't change. It's just an explanation. If you look at Accuen programmatic side of the business a lot of clients and we've actually pushed this into the operating branch within the media company. We haven't lost clients, but we changed the way that we do business with them with a fully disclosed method. And that cost us probably 0.2% in the United States in this past quarter. So some of the problems that you see in explanations that you receive from our competitors, we have a different set of problems and we've addressed ourselves to the largest ones and we'll continue to do so.
John Wren: I expect that will bounce back. People are changing the product to meet the market. And there's probably one unit in particular where there still has to be more management changes which haven't occurred yet.
John Wren: Sure, I think I've used the exact language that I used this morning for the past 10 years, because we went back and looked at the scripts of what I said. So it is very much the nature of our business. There was only one year I believe where it didn't come through and that was 2007, I'm looking - 2008 after the great crash or great recession. We always - we are conservative. We typically get some of that, if not, all of it back. But we can't - as I said, we don't have visibility as to when some of these projects are going to occur. It's $200 million on a $4-billion-plus base, so it's a struggle right up until the end of the year. The only complicating factor I see over and above individual companies having difficulties or individual companies wanting to promote things is a lovely U.S. government and what they can do to disrail progress on any given day, let alone [indiscernible]. I'll let Phil answer your other two questions.
John Wren: CRM, the way that we group companies and services in what we present to you includes things like direct marketing, it includes digital operations, it includes events, it includes a number of other companies. As we didn't say this clearly, but, for instance, we've broken out direct marketing and our digital businesses under the leadership of one particular individual this past quarter. There are other events, I mean, other actions that we're planning to take to look at that category and leadership without the companies within that category. And those will be done in the coming months as soon as we identify the right leaders. Principally in the past, the people overseeing those weren't experts in a particular craft. The change that we've been going through over the course of the last year is to change the leadership for the group to somebody who is expert in the craft. And we are starting to see progress as a result of making those changes, and we are going to continue to do that and hopefully will be done with it. I said in my remarks, we'd be done by the middle of next year. I hope to be done sooner than that. And then it takes a little bit of time for the individual to get their arms around the operation, to start to make contribution. So CRM has taken the hits. Some of them have very large companies in them. Some of them have, as I said, there is a - in the field marketing there is some of our outsourcing businesses and shopper promotion. So those are other areas, which when they get projects they tend to be large projects and when - if they don't get a project, you feel they're paying in a much more severe way than if an advertising agency lost a particular client. So I don't know if that helps, but that's the reality of it all.
John Wren: Well, I have to say every one of my major clients is because of their growth rates and purchase they have on their businesses are looking for innovation, change and simplicity. And so that is something we've been dealing with at a pace for the last several years, and I don't see any - I don't see that changing anytime soon. So we are required to change your businesses to make the more agile, to make the more responsive to the clients' needs. And in many cases, organize them in such a way that we eliminate the complexity of management of those combined businesses to individual client needs. I mean, one of the reasons is - many of the reasons we did the divestitures, we've done over the course of the last year, as we took a lookout three, five years these are still good businesses, but we didn't see them as part of our group making a positive contribution in years out. One the reasons you see us breaking up some of the categories we refer to, they're not small by any means, but to get craft leadership on top of them is to make our workforce in those particular areas more nimble, perhaps somebody that is only focused on transformation of businesses or first party data. And that's all they do, they don't also worry about outsourcing other things. They have all their time to go out and hunt for new business and new opportunities, and to change the portfolio of what they're responsible for. So it is more reflective of what the clients are saying today. So we're working on all these things, but we don't expect a break in the action for anybody to give us six months past to get the changes in place, we're doing this, as we are running the company.
John Wren: I'd have to say, we're substantially done. We are - is a couple more small businesses that I get the right exit price for them, I'd let them go, but it won't have the kind of impact on the overall performance reported numbers that going through this year, first quarter of next year. But by and large, as I said, we are substantially done. We'll refocus more on - much more focused on acquisitions, as Phil said. And there's a number of them that look promising whether or not, as Phil said, we'll be able to complete them at prices and terms that make them part of the family. That's the remaining question, but we're working pretty hard, trying to close them by the end of the year.
John Wren: We're not really seeing them to any extent, I mean, they are big headlines, Three Monkeys in Australia, I looked at that five years ago, I think it has $26 million of revenue and it's in Australia. It makes a global headline, but it's not. But Australian companies are not seeing them in Australian pitches, I mean, [to put that way] [ph]. So they've got a lot of resources, they can do what they want, and we would never ever cut them short, or think that they could someday figure it out. I've heard the best idea from Accenture, if they want to do this type of - do what we do, they can come and offer to buy the best and the brightest of us.
John Wren: It's rumored to your first question. When I was in Europe last week or week before, that - in speaking to a few CEOs that they will spend more principally through their cost cutting efforts and they don't want to lose more market share. And they're competing against new competitors just as almost every major businesses. So we're hoping that, that they turn the conversation into budgets. But until they do, we can't claim victory.
John Wren: I think, Phil, summed it up earlier in a word, where our objective is a share of wallet. We want to service clients in their marketing needs as much as we can with the skills and the disciplines we have in the company irrespective of what silo they may be sitting in.
Philip Angelastro: There is also a little bit of election benefit in the 2016 third quarter and fourth quarter results, Alexia, that from a comparability perspective the comp in Q3 and Q4 of 2016 is a little more challenging than normal.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, so the Accuen numbers, Julien, the U.S. number or the impact on U.S. was basically negative $9 million and the overall worldwide number was growth of around $2 million, so roughly flat globally and the negative in the U.S.
Philip Angelastro: The working capital numbers, essentially some of the issue in Q3 is timing, but some of it is frankly underperformance on our part. I think the bottom line is we ultimately need to do a better job on the blocking and tackling, which is what working capital management comes down to. And we need to do that on an agency-by-agency, region-by-region basis. So it needs to - it needs a much greater focus in the fourth quarter which it typically gets. And frankly, we've been working on that already and we'll be very focused on it in the months to come.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, I mean the overall goal, Peter, with the practice areas, especially in CRM, is when you get to disciplines like direct marketing, which John talked about, branding, shopper, events businesses, it's essentially to better align the people, the agencies and the resources within a discipline, so that we can better leverage investments across those agencies that are in the same business and the same discipline as well as strengthen new business development efforts, grow the practice area in a more cohesive way. And a big part of it is also to help improve the coordination of the groups within or the agencies within that discipline and link them to our overall top client matrix growth strategy. So we want to drive a larger share of wallet with our largest clients. And we think the practice area is going to help us improve, when it comes to coordination and integration in that front. Specifically your question on North America, I think we mentioned the larger items, because in reality there are some ups and downs. So the healthcare and events, and the media businesses did well, some of the advertising brands did well, some of the advertising brands did not do as well in North America. And then the branding and direct marketing businesses as well as PR had a down quarter in North America. So it was kind of a mix of a number of pluses and a number of minuses.
Philip Angelastro: On the buyback question and M&A, I think you should expect us to take the same consistent approach in terms of our free cash flow. I think, as we approach the fourth quarter and look at 2018 from capital allocation perspective. I think, we've got a good M&A pipeline, some deals we've been look at for an extended period of time. But we are pretty disciplined about our process. And to the extent that we can find attractive deals that meet our strategic requirements, and are a good cultural fit, and we think we can integrate them well. And we can get them - we can get agreement on a reasonable - at a reasonable price, we're going to do those deals. We're ideally going to do more of those deals than less. And we're going to use the balance of the free cash flow to buy back shares. I think, in the fourth quarter, specifically, we're going to see what we can get close before year end, and adjust the buyback up or down as a result.
Philip Angelastro: Operator, I think given the market's going to open, we probably have time to just one more question.
Philip Angelastro: Yeah, in terms of the specifics around the media business, we don't go through and break out that in detail. I think the thing to keep in mind is that there has been a lot of change over the last few years, especially recently, and a lot of integration in media, traditional advertising and other parts of our business. You can see that in some of the wins we've recently had, take AT&T as an example. And, yeah, there are other parts of our businesses that have media as a component. Certain markets for example like Brazil, media is integrated with advertising, you can't have a standalone media business. I think overall though, the advertising discipline largely reflects a combination of our traditional advertising agencies and media businesses. And we're particularly happy with the investments we made starting seven or eight years ago in the Annalect platform that's helped drive some of the big wins we had over the last few years. And as we integrate that more and more into all of our disciplines, not just the traditional advertising businesses, we think it puts us in a really good position, competitively did to win more than our fair share of new businesses going forward.
