Randall Weisenburger: Thank you for taking the time to listen to our first quarter 2011 earnings call. We hope everyone's had a chance to review our earnings release. We’ve posted to our website both the press release and a presentation covering the information that we'll present this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our website.  Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and the other information that's included on Page 1 of our investor presentation and to point out that certain of the statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements and that these statements are our present expectations, and actual events or results may differ materially.  I'd also like to remind you that during the course of this earnings call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this call.  We're going to begin the call with some brief remarks from John Wren. Following John's remarks, we'll review our financial performance for the quarter, and then both John and I will be happy to take questions.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that's right. We explained in the fourth quarter, sort of that fourth quarter effect, why that drove organic growth exceptionally high in the fourth quarter. Again, excluding Chrysler, organic growth in the U.S. was pretty strong.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't think there was anything unusual. It's not a huge number. It does bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter.
Randall Weisenburger: Germany was lower this quarter than last quarter. I think it was more of a client-driven versus the economy driven.
Randall Weisenburger: Well, it's not all dispositions, as I tried to point out. We did a lot of consolidations, so we consolidated a number of locations. We're trying to centralize some back office services for some of our smaller operations. We consolidated locations within a country with agencies. So there was quite a bit of severance associated with those items as well. A lot of the severance was also in Europe, so it was, I'll say, fairly expensive per headcount.
Randall Weisenburger: The U.K. was strong all throughout last year as well. Most of the major European markets were fairly strong last year, and the smaller markets were fairly negative. What we expect this year, and it seemed to be the case in the first quarter, is that the negative markets are getting less negative and moving back to, I'll say, zero or probably by the end of the year, move back to sort of at least small single-digit organic growth. I would suspect the markets that have higher growth will moderate. It will move back towards GDP or a couple of hundred basis points above GDP growth rates.
Randall Weisenburger: Timing is still a bit of an issue. A couple of the acquisitions that we did, Clemenger, in particular, was a larger acquisition, that got done in early February. The dispositions got done later in the quarter. Yes, we have one or two more dispositions, actually it might even be a couple of more than that, that we're hoping to occur in the second quarter, but that timing is far from certain.
Randall Weisenburger: And the way the P&L works, Craig, as you know, is there's costs associated with getting some of those efficiencies. This quarter, there were large numbers so we broke them out. Generally, those are just ongoing costs. I'm sure we didn't capture all the costs this quarter. These were really the costs associated with these very specific, fairly large restructuring items. Every agency is going through initiatives to get its operations more efficient and streamlined. There's costs associated with that.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes, I think overall, it will be similar to Q1. Yes, these are pretty high organic growth rates, still relative to GDP. What we said last year is that organic growth over time is going to reconnect with GDP. We think we can outpace GDP by 100 to 200 basis points. It's sort of the timing of that reconnection. We thought last year, we stated in the fourth quarter, that we thought the U.S. organic growth rate would slow. As a result of that, we think the European organic growth rate will improve overall. And that's largely going to be the negative countries getting these or less negative or returning to positive as their comps line up. And some of the larger markets that had performed pretty well throughout last year, in all likelihood, their organic growth rates will slow. And I don't think 9% organic growth in the U.K. is probably going to occur at that level, given the current GDP growth rates for a year or two. But our agency is with strong individual performance can certainly prove us wrong, those are kind of macro predictions.
Randall Weisenburger: I think a lot of the -- there were a couple of things that we talked about last year in trying to manage costs. I think some of the areas of cost that we were able to manage in 2009, I think they came back in 2010, and I think those cost buckets were pretty full in 2010. I think we made quite a bit of progress in 2010 on real estate. I think we'll have a little bit more to go on that with some of the consolidations and the things that we're trying to execute on. I think as far as base compensation costs, I think that's one of the areas that our agencies have to focus heavily on this year to make sure that we put the flexibility back in our cost structures. That's certainly one of the tasks that we've given people to focus on.
Randall Weisenburger: I think we're probably in competitive levels now. I certainly don't believe we're under -- yes, I don't think our comp structures are under our competitors.
Randall Weisenburger: And depending upon the cost action, payback on the, I'll say, headcount side, salary side, is generally quite a bit faster in the United States than in Europe. Certainly, when you get into a real estate and operations, your payback's pretty comparable between one market and the other.
Randall Weisenburger: I don't have any sense of the number. I think our agencies performed pretty well. I think our new business activity over the last couple of quarters, which is what would really drive the organic growth rate this quarter. Current new business wins or losses, really, it affects it more three to six months down the road. I think our agencies have done fairly well. So I suspect we'll be in the mix with everyone else.
Randall Weisenburger: The fourth quarter organic growth as we explained in the fourth quarter was high because of the fourth quarter effect. I estimated it at roughly 3%. When we looked at the year end -- the fourth quarter revenue effect, there's -- and I've explained it to a lot of different people, there's a number of things that go into that. We think that number was about $100 million at the end of 2009, and we think it was about $200 million at the end of 2010. That $100 million of incremental growth in sort of that one category of revenue was really about 3% or so organic growth in the fourth quarter. That's not a long-term sort of trend issue, that's kind of a one-time “getting back to normal” effect.
Randall Weisenburger: No, we don't do a lot of government business. We have a little bit, probably everywhere, but it's not a meaningful number for us. The U.K. has been fairly strong for us throughout last year, certainly, stronger than just the economy. So the performance of our underlying agencies has been very good in that market. There's not a specific single item that I can find that's really driving the U.K. to an abnormal level. The items can get, I'll say, relatively small as we start focusing on individual countries, $3 million or something moves the needle a 100 basis points in the U.K.
Randall Weisenburger: See if I remember them all. For Europe, Europe's I guess playing out over the last few quarters, and this quarter, kind of as I expected. The larger markets recovered earlier, keeping in mind we have a fairly substantial base of multinational clients that are going to focus their resources on what they believe are important markets. So France, Germany, and the U.K. all did fairly well last year, and we think will continue. The smaller markets across Europe, they were hurt by their local economies and I'm sure are probably less of a focus for some of the multinational clients. We felt that those countries that were significantly negative would be, at a minimum, less negative. So they're going to have less of an impact or at least less of a negative impact. So with that reduction, our European growth would improve, basically, is what continue to happen this quarter. The larger markets performed fairly well, and I pointed out the PIGS markets, Spain is actually positive for us this quarter. The other markets were negative but they were less negative than they were last year. So the European growth rates, overall, improved. Trying to get to some of your other questions, you talked about margins by discipline. We've pointed out for a while the Media business, in general, has higher margins and some of our field marketing, shopper marketing businesses have lower margins, field marketing especially, but they have very good returns on equity. They have very little capital committed to those businesses, so they're, frankly, excellent businesses from a return perspective, but their overall EBIT margins are a bit lower. And a couple more, I probably forgot them.
Randall Weisenburger: Yes -- well the dispositions, most of them happen late in the quarter. Obviously, we're not trying to dispose of our higher margin businesses, so we do expect some benefit over time from selling those businesses. As far as going back to sort of Bill's question on dispositions with organic growth, the way we calculate organic growth, the revenues from the companies we disposed of would be in that base. To the extent those companies would've had flat growth, it wouldn't have affected us if they would have had negative growth, not having the business -- and we wouldn't have that negative revenue piece but the base is still in it. And we're talking a very small amount of revenue here, annualized revenue, about $120 million, is what's been disposed of to date. So I don't think you can have really much of an impact. If it does, it could be positive, 0.1 point to negative 0.1 point. It would be very, very minor, and the margins again, it will also be fairly minor. It could maybe move the number 0.1 or something.
Randall Weisenburger: Let's look at the slides. Yes, I think it's basically in the non-cash charges. I think our free cash will continue to perform in line with EBITDA. What I was focusing more on with that comment was the fact that we utilized more than our free cash in the quarter. We generally think that we're going to utilize our free cash for dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases for the quarter, is that we were going to outspend that, as we did this quarter. Acquisitions were fairly high because both the Communispace and Clemenger deals closed in the quarter, and we continue to repurchase shares. We bought, I think it was 6.8 million shares in the quarter, and that's really what I was focused on.
Randall Weisenburger: I think that, maybe it's like the DSP type platforms, we call the trading desk, that's in effect a performance-based model, and certainly, there's increased focused on that versus last year, still a relatively small percentage of what the media companies are buying. Yes, I think that's probably it. People have been talking about performance fees and have experimented with performance fees for a number of years, but the percentage of our revenue that's the actual performance piece remains to be very small. Thank you all very much, and thanks for taking the time to listen to our call. Goodbye.
John Wren: I believe, I mean, what happened in the first quarter without Chrysler there is very consistent on what we expected to happen, and I think what we signaled to the marketplace when we reported in February, that we were going to return to more normal comps, which is we’ll outperform GDP growth. And so we don't see any difficulties. We see the continuation of strong, moderate growth, I think.
John Wren: No. The only thing I'd caution you with this is that I still see a return to a more normal activity. So we should be able to outperform GDP by a couple of basis points, I mean -- a couple of a hundred basis points, please forgive me.
John Wren: We don't have a number. We can't even gauge it. I mean, there's a few Japanese clients, and we don't know how their production is really going to be affected as you get into the second quarter. I think I feel more comfortable as I look at it over the course of the year though. But by the end of the year, even if there's a quarterly shift somewhere, it should return to normal.
John Wren: Well, we're endeavoring to improve the margins this year on the way to getting there next year. We've demonstrated a little bit of that in the first quarter. What we're doing is we're going through, as we said, in restructuring and repositioning things for growth. So I feel very comfortable with the 2012 forecast based upon everything that I see now. I don't want to necessarily get into a quarterly forecast of margin improvement while I'm still going through this process. So I'm not being very helpful, but you know that we're endeavoring to improve things along the way.
John Wren: Yes. The only thing I would add to it, Bill, is just two-words question and it's like, I'm happy with what Randy just said. One is the second quarter is the second-largest quarter we face in the year just because of the seasonality of the business, and the second thing is if there is a quarterly impact to disruption coming from some of the Japanese, especially the auto dealers and the like, in all likelihood, that's going to -- we're going to be affected in the second quarter there before we have an opportunity to recover over the course of the rest of the year.
John Wren: I'm not doing it day-to-day. We have not seen it, but we've heard discussions around it, a lot of rhetoric. So I don't have any hard numbers yet to tell you.
John Wren: It's a real pressure on a number of our clients, especially some packaged goods clients that we have. We're concerned about the things that they're concerned about in their business. But I think those issues have not resulted in any material changes to their marketing plans because I believe they're all focused very heavily on market share gains. So the two aren't 100% correlated, although there is a lot of conversation.
John Wren: I would think most of the activities are in the United States and developed Europe in terms of geographic locations. And I think the payback period we're looking for is throughout this year, but certainly, the largest payoff being 2012 where we see the margin improvement.
John Wren: Yes, I mean and historically, the way the business has always been, and it's also true of our competitors, is classically the second -- the largest quarter is the fourth quarter. The next largest quarter is the second quarter, followed by the third quarter, followed by the first [ph] quarter. So that's the seasonality of the industry of the business. So there's nothing terribly unusual in doing -- in what happened in the first quarter as it compares to the fourth quarter.
John Wren: I don't recall, but organic growth was just modestly positive last quarter. I think in 2010, we were just recovering. Sorry, I don't have the number in front of me.
John Wren: I don't really know what you're hearing. There's conversations going -- there have been rumors from my competitors since 1988 on the subject, so I don't see any wholesale change in the way that the fundamentals are there. There’s traded [ph] digital kind of difference in traditional media, but I'm not quite certain of the source of your question.
