John Wren: Good morning, we were cycling on our programmatic business during the fourth quarter. And I believe the contribution to the gross in the quarter was about $20 million. Your second question on FX, at this point we are hoping that FX moderates as we go through the year. And looking at the first quarter and we have looked at in detail we believe we can maintain the margins in the first quarter. As Phil was speaking, I am looking at the news of a little bit and seeing Egypt came out this morning, every central bank seems to do something new everyday. So I can give you the assurance through the first quarter.
John Wren: That was a project – that was the client in Chile. We expect in the first half of ’15, that’s going to have a bit of a headwind as we cycle on it. It started kind of the end of the second quarter of ’14, so there will be a little bit of negative impact in showing that beginning in next year.
John Wren: Certainly. I do think the complexity of the marketplace has caused people to pay more attention to media and in the thinking about media, God knows how many places you can place your messaging today, but focusing and getting that right is becoming increasingly important. So, the analysts, the people that we employ, the digital channels or channels that we select through the client to place that media is a critical attention in this environment. And we won I believe more than our fair share of media accounts being planning assignments or buying assignments over the last several years and it’s being reflected in the numbers now. If you saw the trade magazines yesterday, OMD was named agency of the year. So, we are getting the recognition not only in the business that we get, but also from peer groups and industry groups.
John Wren: In general, what we have seen to-date in process is the budgets are similar to the budget for ‘14 with growth in few categories more so than others. I think the other dynamic that’s occurring is as channels are developed and utilize them and you measure a better ROI on them, you will see a shift in the dollars, which for some it will look like growth, because it will be and for others as that money shifted from different channels in media, it will seem like there is the lack of growth. So, overall though, I think budgets are growing consistent with GDP growth in most markets.
John Wren: I suspect that German Cargill is going to have a brand time in 2015 because of the currency slinks. There are different sectors, different dynamics which drove those sectors.
John Wren: In Q4, I would say that there was an impact, but it was relatively small less than 10 basis points in the quarter.
John Wren: I am actually a little bit more cautious than that. At this point, I see it is more around 3.5%. And then we will see as markets and the business develop. That – I mean the way to read that prediction is, I am cautiously optimistic. And we will do our best to beat it, but that’s as much as I will be willing to commit over phone in February.
John Wren: Sure. Well, the programmatic, we have cycled on that and we have not gone into the supply side of that. So, I am expecting good growth from it, but not the type of growth we have had as we were starting it up. In terms of the marketplace, we continue to win business, there is no question, thank God we do, but with all the unrest in the world, I am just being optimistic but conservative in observing the obvious that it appears that the entire world’s economy is slowed down a bit. And we can make claims that we are going to outgrow that historically. We have been – historically, we do at least 100 basis points better than GDP growth. But there is a great deal of unrest out there. And so we will alter that estimate as we get more sight on it, as we go through the year, but right now, very comfortable with the 3.5% and I think that’s what we are going to see for – until some of these things start to clear up.
John Wren: Yes. Our folks too believe that there will be a shift – a greater shifts or continuing shift to digital or really streaming type of activities. The device in which it gets streamed on is not as important to us, so we don’t focus on it. So, there are lot of TV owners that own, media owners that own ultimate channels or own content that would be interested in order to get it to be streamed. So, I am not expert enough to comment in general on the TV business, but I do see anything that can be streamed on whatever device, you have to stream it on that’s where I see the increase coming.
Phil Angelastro: Yes. I mean I am not sure that we – I am not sure we look at it that way, but certainly the key to a lot of our businesses is being able to manage utilization rate. And the more growth we have the easier it is to manage those utilization rates, the easier it is to maintain and/or grow your margins. What we strive to do that regardless of what the growth rates are across all of our businesses. So FX has certainly posed a bit of a challenge for us from the margin perspective which is why I think we are not projecting and predicting and committing to what our margin is going to be for the full year ’15. But we always strive to find the right balance, we are always looking for efficiencies and trying to make our businesses more effective in the way they manage their cost structure. We had a number of initiatives that have been going on for sometime in the areas of real estate, IT and some others that we certainly continue to see the benefit of. And we are expecting if we need to push those initiatives in ’15, so that they can help us to offset whatever challenges the FX does present. And as we have said earlier, the businesses themselves are largely hedged naturally in terms of the local currency of the expenses is the same as the local currency of the revenues. So, that’s helpful, but it’s still certainly a challenge and we are going to continue to work through it everyday.
Phil Angelastro: I think we don’t exactly look at it that way in terms of how much more leverage we could or we would like to add. I think the goal here and the approach has always been to maintain our rating, which I guess you commented on there. But I think we are going to look at our free cash flow in ‘15 the same way we always have. And I think I am calling it up what we do with our cash. We are going to continue to pay healthy dividend. We will do acquisitions opportunistically as the opportunities arise. And we would certainly like to do more of those in ’15, there maybe some opportunities given some of the weaknesses in currencies, perhaps. But we don’t have a fixed number going into ‘15 that we plan on expending on acquisitions or plan on spending on share buybacks, but certainly it will be a healthy component of how we use our cash.
Phil Angelastro: On the first one, I think where we are at year end ‘14 in two times range for total debt to EBITDA is probably where you can expect us to be. That’s roughly then where we have been historically, we continue to look to maintain that ratio and I think that would be a good guide. I think the net debt number is a little bit harder to predict given the currency impact on that number. So I think we are going to focus on the later or the gross debt number a little bit more. And in terms of programmatic, I think we may have mentioned it earlier in our responses, but the contribution to growth was about $20 million or so that reflects from the cycling in Q4 on a strong performance in Q4 of ‘13 that we had mentioned, you can recall.
Phil Angelastro: While the full year, the business itself for the full year is little less than 2% of our revenues and for the full year I think the number was just give me a minute – okay, the full year, the number was probably around in the $140 million range.
Phil Angelastro: No, I think the comment specifically related to higher international cash in Q4 versus Q3 of this year, so that we typically see in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. I think it was part of the explanation of the change in interest from Q3 to Q4. So, we don’t see it growing any different than we have in the past. I think we certainly are focused on bringing as much cash that’s overseas back to the U.S. as we can in a tax efficient way. That’s something we focus on a daily basis frankly, because we would rather have it back to the U.S. to deploy it, but I think given the current FX environment, current economic environment, we think we are likely to see some opportunity in Europe and frankly in some of the other markets outside the U.S. that might be a little more traffic to us from a pricing perspective. And if we do find them in ‘15, we are going to be happy to complete those acquisitions.
Phil Angelastro: And our relation with Facebook has been outstanding. They have been – they have given us a great deal of resources associated with the projects we are working on together, and relationship between Omnicom, Annalect and Facebook is very, very strong. We are good partners.
