Thomas McFall: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our fourth quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimates, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas McFall: It ramped up through 2018. No significant numbers in the first and second quarter. So, we ramped up to 1% and 1.5% in the third quarter and 2%. So, I'd say a little above 1% in total. When we look at 2019 and Greg's prepared comments, our expectation is, we're going to see a similar number that we saw in the fourth quarter, which was 2%.
Thomas McFall: So, that would be our expectation for what's going to drive our total inflation number that goes into our average ticket, as we've seen over the last 10 or 15 years of the new model years roll on. They have more expensive parts primarily based on technology that's in those parts and that's been a tailwind to average ticket over the last decade. We think that's going to be augmented by 2% in totality in 2019.
Thomas McFall: Yes, we do. I mean that again to Greg's point, I mean, our philosophy, our business model, our strategic distribution network, I mean, our programs, I mean, we are our teams with a lot of tools, what happens one customer and one store at a time and we're focused on fundamental execution on both the do-it-for-me and the DIY side each and every day in each one of our markets.
Thomas McFall: As a multi-unit retailer relatively high fixed cost because of the service component of our business, sales will be the key to leveraging operating profit performance to the extent that those sales don't come in as high as we'd like. We have levers to pull. Although we won't do anything in the short term that will impact long-term relationships. And on the upside, we'll continue to -- we'll see leverage, but we want to make sure that if the demand is there, we're providing the level of customer service that builds those long-term relationships.
Thomas McFall: Okay, Michael, this is Tom. What we would tell you that our comps will be relatively consistent on a quarter-by-quarter basis. On a year-over-year basis, as you pointed out, the first quarter will have the most inflationary benefit. We also have an extra Sunday here in the first quarter, which is a 50 bp headwind. When we look at the rest of the year, it should be relatively consistent, we pickup a Sunday in the third quarter and it was the fourth quarter, the ease going from a weekend to Monday, really were a big headwind for our business and that from a calendar standpoint, will help the fourth quarter. So, we look a pretty consistent comps throughout the quarter.
Thomas McFall: On the 25% tariffs. Yes, as Greg pointed out, our expectations are, we're going to be in the same state we are now for the year and obviously things have changed a lot. To the extent that we saw those additional tariffs go in March, we'll have to see how the market reacts. But our expectation is that we'll see a larger increase in average ticket, driven by those cost increases. And then offsetting pressure because of those rising prices on ticket count.
Thomas McFall: Well, I would point you back to our call this year -- last year this time and we talked about a rise in SG&A cost, as people reinvested, part of their savings from the new tax laws and that we would see those costs go up, but we wouldn't see a proportional increase in average ticket from inflation, on the top line. And at that time, we said when we look at next year, if we continue to see cost inflation and the expenses to run the business, we'd expect to feel that tailwind in our top line same SKU inflation and that's what we're seeing this year. Given that unemployment is very low, wages are growing up very quickly, costs are going up, interest rates are going up, we're seeing that inflation run through all our expenses and getting the top-line tailwinds. So, we don't think the business itself has changed, we think that we're just more in an inflationary environment than we've seen in the last five to eight years.
Thomas McFall: So, all of our products are produced overseas. It's a portion of them and even for some lines, some are here in the States and some are not. We're not going to get into breaking down the individual numbers. We push back on all the price increases we get, whether they're tariff related, interest rate related, healthcare related, raw commodity related, but that ends up being the blended number. And we didn't take full 10% increases on most of our products.
Thomas McFall: We've always used to super hub strategy, but in the case of Knoxville, I mean Knoxville was just, it was no mid-stage DC and it just didn't -- it wasn't big enough to have the capacity that we needed to truly service that market.
Thomas McFall: We've spoken to it on each quarter you can find that information. We don't give the actual number. What we would tell you is that, when we look at 2018, we've been pressured on the DIY customer count. Pro has grown each year -- each quarter. Average ticket is up on both and we'd expect that trend to continue in 2019.
Thomas McFall: We're anticipating a similar difference with professional business continuing to grow faster based on our ability to consolidate the market, based on that consumer being less impacted by general rising prices and based on other macro factors our business slightly aging population and more expensive repairs that are more technical in nature on late model vehicles being expensive.
Thomas McFall: What we would tell you is that, most of these changes are just consumer expectations. Consumers shop outside of auto parts that many retailers and their expectation of what great services changes over time. And our job is to continue to make sure that our customer service levels are up there, to maintain our business. It's hard to parse out what that is from a sustaining standpoint versus additional business. It's part of the factors that go into customer service that drive our comps to be higher than the industry growth rates.
Thomas McFall: As the bubble year go through from the Great Recession, that's part of the reason that two years ago was kind of the biggest headwind for those year vehicles entering our sweet spot and kick that professional business more in 2018. That's part of the reason that it was more of a gap between the DIY and professional. We'd expect that, that will continue to, as that moves through to the older vehicle years that are much higher DIY to continue to, one be a positive on the professional side, because there is not the headwind and it will start to be more of a headwind on the DIY side.
Thomas McFall: We wouldn't expect it to accelerate because if the pressure is the DIY side of the business that's also the side of the business, it's growing from a longer tail of vehicles and vehicle staying on the road longer. Those 10, 12, 14, 15 year vehicles are primarily DIY side business and that's helping to offset the pressure from those bubble years.
Thomas McFall: Well, it seems like we've been on the three year run for freight costs us continue to go up, and that's a population of jobs that is a very, very tight market and that type market is driving increases. When we look at our distribution costs obviously, we deliver nightly at all the stores. So, there is quite a bit of pressure there and we built that into our costs. But we've got to be market competitive. So, to the extent that we're a higher distribution intensive company that's more exposed to this. We're going to have little pressure that we're not able to pass on.
Thomas McFall: 2018 was pretty, pretty high for rate. The incremental year-over-year increase is less, but the number still a higher rate than we experienced in 2018.
Thomas McFall: We can't -- we are not going to quantify them. But in that order of magnitude, number one item in December it's very weather driven, people fix their vehicles, if they have to, otherwise into holiday shopping. So, that's number one. And then number two would be the calendar shifts of the eves.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, this is Jeff, and I'll take the first half of that and then flip it over to Tom and Greg. As far as regional performance, really our regional performance was in line with our expectations and pretty solid across the majority of the country that the central part of the country was a little bit softer than the rest, really due to just lack of winter weather in a lot of those markets. And also we had a little bit of headwind down south from the post hurricane numbers we compare against.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, I think a big part of -- we talked last year about fuel prices maybe impacting discretionary spending. This year, we're cautious that inflation may again have an impact on discretionary spending for that lower income DIY customer. That customer would have to make necessary repairs to keep their car running, to get them into work, to the grocery store and what have you. But from a discretionary standpoint, when you get to items like routine maintenance, deferring oil changes, longer extended oil change periods, those things you can push out a little longer, filters things like that and your car still runs fine. You're just not following the manufacturer's recommended schedules for doing that. So, I think the DIY customers that are on the lower end of the wage scale and are more economically challenged, as we said, they're going to have to make those breakage related repairs. But some of those repairs and maintenance things that are somewhat discretionary, they're going to be likely to push those off.
Jeff Shaw: Overall, it has increased significantly. I will tell you that from a breakout standpoint, ship-to-home, buy online, pickup in store, it fluctuates slightly, Bret. But we're staying right around that two-thirds of our online sales or pickup in store, which is where we want. We want to end up that customer inside our store, we can make sure that we provide the highest level of service and make sure they -- we have everything they knew to complete the job.
Jeff Shaw: I mean, we basically have -- our spoke store, and then we have a hub store, that would be in the 45,000 SKU range and then we have super hubs, but we don't have DCs in a large metro market that would be in that 80,000, 90,000 SKU range and then our DCs would obviously have in that 160,000, 170,000 SKU range.
Gregory Johnson: So Chris, from a from a cadence standpoint, although we don't disclose what our actual comp numbers or trends are on a month-by-month basis, what I would tell you is, we feel good about our three to five guide. We've talked about December being the softest month of the quarter and as we moved into 2019, we've seen a more typical weather pattern. We would view this winter as a more normal winter. We've had ups and downs. We've had spikes along the way in different areas of the country and as normal, where we have those spikes, we have improved sales related to the winter weather spikes. But, overall we feel, we continue to feel good about our three to five guide for the quarter.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, a lot of the things we talked about Liz, it's you know, we fuel cost has come down over the past several weeks. And I think the expectation is that fuel prices will continue to be lower this year than prior year and that will be supportive of increasing miles driven. Just we look at the whole industry backdrop, the fact that employment rates are higher, the economies more stable. Those things it just these created an industry backdrop that's more favorable and you add that to Tom's point about average ticket growing because of a combination of parts complexity, the cost of the more technology related parts on newer cars and the inflation tailwind we had. We felt good about three to five guide. One of the things, I would add to that, and it's not really related to the guide, but it sure makes us feel a lot better about, where we are. We had our annual Leadership Conference in Dallas back in mid-January and in that conference, we had about 6900 O'Reilly team members, all of our store managers, district managers, regional managers were there. And we do that every year, but it sure felt different, going into conference this year than it has the past year or two because there was just a lot of excitement, a lot of positive attitudes coming from our store managers when they got there and we really focused that week on, on things like ownership, running the business like you own it. We talked about commitment of running and driving a profitable business. We talked about customer service. And our team is left that conference really motivated and we feel like that they're out there on the streets, driving sales and providing even a higher level of customer service than they may have done last year.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I mean, one of our -- one of our suppliers half bunch of suppliers for couple of years now has been for them to protect their brand and control their pricing online. And there were a couple of suppliers, a couple of years ago in 2017, that they really pioneered this for the industry and we really had a slow start to get other suppliers to come onboard. So, late 2018, we had two or three major suppliers come onboard and so far in 2019, we've had several additional suppliers to commit. So, whether it's an eMRP pricing program, or a Matt pricing program, or unilateral pricing program, different suppliers have taken different approaches based on recommendations from their legal department or counsel. We are gaining some traction in that respect and I think, we'll see more tighter controls across the industry for online sales going forward.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I mean that's ongoing. I mean that's happened forever. I mean there's always been suppliers out there, when times get tough, they cut their prices a little, offer rebates, try to buy the business. That's normally a short-term strategy. I mean it's really, probably I've been in the business, it's been a service and relationship business. And you really build the business and keep the business through solid service, availability and then solid relationships, partnering with that shop to help them grow their business. But pricing comes and goes depending on how tough business is.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Chris, if I could, could add to that a little bit about why we're making that change. We are facing some pretty significant capacity issues in both Middle Tennessee or Nashville DCs located and our East Tennessee market in Knoxville. And we had to make a move and we decided to consolidate those two facilities into a much larger facility. That will allow DC to have a larger breadth of SKUs for the some of that customer base, but because that market in Knoxville is a market that's had a DC inventory presence for a number of years now, we wanted to supplement that markets for same-day service by converting that DC into a super hub and making sure that we maintain that same day parts availability in the Knoxville market.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Matt, to add on to that, I'm not going to go into any details about what the initiatives are for competitive reasons. But from an omnichannel perspective, we're primarily focused on improving content, improving online search, improving -- customers buying decisions, whether they buy online, ship to home, buy online pickup in store or research online buy in store, a lot of those transactions and buying decisions are made based on research online. So, we're just focused on making sure that we are providing the highest level of searchability so to speak, for our products, for our customers and we think that's going to pay dividends long-term from a sales perspective. How we quantify that, it's very difficult to do.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Vanessa. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our solid fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. We look forward to a strong year in 2019. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2019 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
