Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a pre-statement.  The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements, discussing among other things, expected growth, store development, integration expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses such as CSK, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: We'll continue to use our cash on hand and any additional borrowings and our free cash flow to repurchase shares opportunistically over the year with the caveat that if a good acquisition opportunity comes up, that's a higher priority for our cash.
Thomas G. McFall: Chris, this is Tom. So to answer your question, we would expect to see gross margin improvements in the first and second quarter, pretty flat in the third and then probably down in fourth.
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, we continue to see improvements in our metrics. The DCs are somewhat seasonal based on sales volumes at the stores, they're most efficient in the highest pick and pack portions of the year in leveraging their fixed cost. So sequentially it doesn't always answer the question, but when we look at our expectations and our performance versus plan and versus the prior year, we continue to sequentially improve based primarily on the newer distribution centers. And we have a number of new DCs in our network, the Team Members and management becoming more efficient and also the sales volumes per store increasing for the stores they're servicing. So we would expect next year to be another good year of improvement driven by the newer DCs becoming more seasoned.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we’re going -- it's hard to put a number on exactly how many shares we're going to buy back. We look for this to be another very good free cash flow year as we continue to try to catch up to our competitors on the AP inventory side and anticipate good financial results. So we will be out in the market aggressively returning capital to shareholders and we think that can provide good value to them. So it's going to be a big number and we'll determine what that number is as we roll through the year.
Thomas G. McFall: Our efforts are still to be as good and better as we've ever been on the Do-It-For-Me side. So we continue to put all of the effort we can possibly put into growing our Do-It-For-Me business. We see an opportunity for us to do more DIY business per store than what we're currently doing, more on pace with our 2 primary retail competitors and we're working hard in putting some programs in place that we think will put us in a position to gain some market share on the DIY side, and we're working hard with our store operations group. We just had our store managers conference in Nashville a couple of weeks ago and we're implementing some programs that we think will help us through the promotional traffic that will be created with our advertising and marketing programs to retain some of the DIY business that will be walking in our stores to take advantage of these promotions because...
Thomas G. McFall: We're not giving details of the individual stores. We stopped a number of years ago. What we would say to that is when we look at a new store for us, it’ll get 5 years to maturity, the DIY side of the business matures faster than the Do-It-For-Me side of the business. The good shops in the area must have a good supplier or they wouldn't be a good shop and it takes time to build that relationship. So we have a number of years to go until we get to that saturation point. So I think that would be our comment on that. In Greg's prepared comments, he talked to that we expect to see continued strong Do-It-For-Me growth at the acquired markets for the next several years.
Thomas G. McFall: The meter started at various times depending on when the store converted to our system and started to have the full distribution capabilities that we offer as part of our dual market strategy. So the stores in the middle of the country, where we already had distribution reach, started in '09. Most of them started in '10 as the DCs that were built to support them opened.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we don't calculate that specifically. Our LIFO reserve is last buy versus LIFO, not FIFO versus LIFO, which is the requirement. I can tell you that during the quarter, our reserve for LIFO decreased $7 million although the impact on gross margin was significantly less than that.
Thomas G. McFall: We've kind of come back to this. We're reporting consolidated comps and really not giving color beyond that. We would tell you that the CSK stores continue to perform above the company average and we'd expect that to continue and that Do-It-For-Me has been stronger than Do-It-Yourself.
Thomas G. McFall: One of the other things that I would add, Matt, is we're using an outside party for our catalog right now and they determine what categories go into the electronic catalog and it's a very robust electronic catalog. But we stock additional items that are not in the catalog and it's up to our Team Members to go to the paper catalog and the parts are in there. So our ability to manage all the breadth of the product that's in the catalog will be a big positive for us.
Thomas G. McFall: More importantly, car industry demand as a whole is not the SAAR but the scrap rate. To the extent that the SAAR goes up and that the vehicle population goes up, that's a positive for our industry. So we watch the scrap rate and as we talked about in our prepared comments, we think a long-lasting benefit for our industry is vehicles staying on the road longer and driving at higher mileages in that scrap rate, when the vehicles come off the road is a key to our industry.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, of course we look at all of our sales by category and we do see some decline in what we would consider to be seasonal items, antifreeze, fluids, some hard parts but not as noticeably in hard parts as we do more commodity-type items but we aren't planning to quantify that on the call.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. And another contributor would've been some of the seasonal items that would be cold weather type items or at least the demand would be driven by cold weather, and then also just kind of a promotional comparison. We had some pretty heavy promotions during the fourth quarter of last year that drove substantial demand and we didn't have equivalent promotions during the fourth quarter of this year driving that same demand. And there was a disparity between the promotional revenue that accounts for some of what we would consider to be the difference.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I would think of it as some benefit on margin percentage of course, from just the seasonal mix, maybe the slower movement of some of the lower gross margin seasonal items, while you didn't benefit from the revenue of sales, you didn't make, of course, the percentage of the gross margin increase as a result of some of those not being mixed in. The difference in promotions was a pretty significant driver of gross margin, price optimization or just our work to manage price, of course, is always a factor. But I would say that our pricing strategy has certainly not changed, we just have a team that works very hard on managing our pricing every day and they continue to do the job. And of course, favorable distribution costs that we've worked hard to achieve and then you have more favorable shrink as we continue to put in place better accounting processes in the stores and just the store procedures that our stores have benefited from for years that the CSK stores did not have in place and are now fully implemented into the stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think the way we would look at it is the DIY business will be under some pressure as compared to the Do-It-For-Me business for some time, specifically related to the economy. There is a -- our feeling is that those customers are just under more pressure than the typical do-it-for-me customer who makes the decision to have their car worked on in many cases because they are in a position, financially, that they can. So we would think that, that side of the business won't do as well as the do-it-for-me side of the business. And we'll see the DIY incrementally improve as the economy improves and would suspect that there could be some catch up in deferred DIY maintenance that occurred as kind of some deferral for holiday spending and things like that. And that may be part of what we've seen so far in January with the stronger comps that we've had in January.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we think we did okay. It’ll be -- you never know how your competitors are actually doing until they report. There's not been a significant change in the marketplace that would make us think that we haven't continued to gain share as we incrementally have been. But we’ll know more as our competitors report and as we continue to progress through the year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean we of course receive that. It appears as though we're gaining market share there. That data is in the process of kind of going away so this past month will be the last month that there's any of that data to be reviewed.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, as we’ve said before, fourth quarter is always a volatile quarter and it's tough to forecast what's going to happen in the fourth quarter with holiday spending and so forth. To be frank, last year, we were a little surprised that the strength that had been exhibited in third quarter carried as strong as it did into fourth quarter considering the holiday. But we were, of course, pleased with the, I think it’s the 9.2% comp we generated in the fourth quarter last year. So yes, I mean, this year, with the tough comparisons throughout the year, we've had more single year pressure on comps, of course the 2-year stack has looked good. But yes, I think we felt a little more this year that there was more pressure on consumers and we base that on not only what they say to us when they're in our stores, pricing parts and considering buying car parts to make repairs, but also what our Do-It-For-Me customers tell us customers are saying to them about the jobs they're bidding and possibly deferring what they can until after the holidays and things like that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the faster that we sell product and turn our inventories, the better position we would be in from a working capital standpoint. So to the extent that sales improve and the pace of sales improves during the quarter, that would be a positive.
Gregory L. Henslee: Every year you set a marketing, advertising and promotion plan. Our plan last year was not to have as heavy of promotions in the fourth quarter as what we did in 2010. And the primary reason for that is that the work we do to analyze the effectiveness of our promotions indicated that the market basket yield of the promotions that we ran near Christmas just did not generate the return that we would like to see. And for that reason, we decided not to run as aggressive of promotions in the fourth quarter as what we had previously and we did in fourth quarter of 2010. Many times when -- all of our competitors and us run hot specials on oil changes and different things and what we see, in many cases, is there’s not a lot of loyalty in where a DIY customers buys those items, although you can convert a customer into being your customer next time they need a part, assuming a good experience when they come in. But what you hope is when they come in to buy an oil change at a great price that we may not make money on, that they buy something else that they're needing, that they're not just changing their oil that they're, at the same time, changing their air filter or whatever the case may be. We saw less lift in promotional events that were in a period when consumers were, from our perception, under more pressure. And for that reason are trying to invest our promotion dollars in periods when we think we'll reap more benefit.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. We have a -- our promotional plan is kind of modifying again this year and I'm not going to speak to specifics just because I don't want to tell our competitors exactly what we're planning to do from a promotion standpoint, because I know they're working on their own promotional strategy. But this year you'll see more of a leveling in our gross margin as we have. Our promotions don't, maybe, last quite as long as what they have in the past. So yes, the range we gave for gross margin of 48.9% to 49.3% should be pretty consistently applied throughout the year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, January has not been a real cold winter month for us in most markets, yet business has been pretty good. So part of that, as I said earlier, might be just some benefit that we're getting from some holiday deferral of maintenance and repairs that really needed to be done in December but were pushed into January or something. It's always hard to know. Weather is going to be the weather. Extremely cold weather is usually good for us from a short-term spike perspective, as is really hot weather. January hasn't been that cold of a month in most markets but business is good.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Tony, the way we look at it is very simple. DIY traffic, if a customer is -- if they buy parts from one of our competitors right now, we have to do something to initiate them giving us a try. And that typically happens via advertising and promotions that we run. And what we'll do, as we have done in the past as have others in the past, is run hot promotions on frequently used items like oil changes or other items and you'll get customers in our stores. Like I said, there's not a lot of loyalty when it comes to those kinds of things as customers like to take advantage of specials that companies like ours run. And we hope that while we have them in the store, we're able to convert them to our customer. The other opportunity we feel like we have is that we have not been as aggressive in marketing to the Hispanic customers in the past as what we maybe should've been and what we would like to be now. And considering that we're in many markets now that have a heavy Hispanic population, many of which are heavy DIY-ers, we've got marketing plan this year to address that market. And we're working not only through marketing to drive Hispanic customer traffic but also in-store staffing to make sure that we have Team Members in place in those markets that are bilingual and can help those customers with solving the issues they're having with their vehicles.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, you hope what happens when they're in your store is they experience a level of service that encourages them to come back the next time they need a part. I mean, we all run promotions and my guess is that a lot of customers that are our customers or any of our competitors' customers, that they go in our competitors' stores too just like theirs coming to ours when we run specials. What I think we all hope is, is that the experience they have in our store is better than the experience they would have in a competitor store and they become our customer, realizing that when someone runs a really hot loss leader-type special, you're going to have -- you risk losing a customer because they're going to go in a competitor store and give it a try. Our hope is that the service levels that we can provide are maybe a notch above and that we retain more of customers than what we get just on a one-time basis.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's much more. In our business it's much more than just competing on price simply from the perspective that it's hard parts inventories, if you have the parts that they need to maybe go along with the hot oil change that they were getting, it's the Team Members that you have working on the counter that can give advice and just help them with their car maintenance needs. It's a combination of several things that result in a customer, hopefully, becoming loyal to us. To me it goes beyond whether or not you have a card to store credit on when you make a transaction. Customers in our business are looking for more than that when it comes to figuring out how to repair their cars. In many cases, they really don't know what they're doing and they're looking to us for advice on how to solve a problem that they have and we feel like that we have a strong group of Team Members who deal ongoing with a lot of Do-It-For-Me customers, who are professionals that require that our Team Members know a lot about auto repair to give them the service that they expect and that we try to carry that over into our DIY service.
Gregory L. Henslee: To answer the first part of your question, yes, in markets where you have, we've had some regional winter weather that has been a driver. To answer your question about the, maybe, deferred demand that can be the result of extreme conditions, that is a factor; not as much with cold weather as it is hot weather. In really hot temperatures, batteries and electrical components are set to fail. But in many cases, they don't fail until they're put under pressure in real cold weather. So it's a little bit more of a factor with summertime than it is wintertime, but that is somewhat of a factor with future repair. It's not a big factor but it is a factor, but more so in the summer heat than it is in winter cold.
Gregory L. Henslee: To quantify what it will mean to us from a sales standpoint, Matt, would be incredibly difficult. It will make a positive difference in our ability to look up parts and sell parts and sell related items that go along with parts. And that system is just a very robust system that we've developed ourselves and we're real pleased with it. It's way early in the deployment to pass along any speculation as to what it could potentially mean to us. We do know that it's much, much better than the system we’re using today and should generate great positive results for us.
Gregory L. Henslee: That and just access to product content, just access to specifications, diagrams, capacities, pictures, just all of the things that a parts specialist would need to know and need to be able to convey to a customer about a product. The system is just very robust in its ability to access that information very quickly and depict it in a graphical way, so that we can show it to a DIY customer or with a professional customer, kind of help communicate with them when we're on the phone as to what part they're talking about, what specifically they want, things like that. So it's a very robust system that we'll do very well with.
Gregory L. Henslee: Scot, the only thing that we would say, I think we've already said and that is that the CSK converted stores continue to lead our company in comparable store sales so that would imply that the Western stores comped better than the Eastern stores by virtue of the fact that we're bringing those stores into the Do-It-For-Me supply business whereas they had previously not really been in that business.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, we expected it. We didn't think the new car sales would stay down at the 10 or at 11 million annual rate that they were at. And we expected that over time it would increase some. Our careers have been spent in times when annual vehicle sales were up to 16 million, 17 million. So it's an expected thing. It's just part of the cycle of vehicles that get miles on that they roll off the road and go to a salvage yard. And with the average age having increased to where it is, and I think people experiencing that cars can be driven at that very high mileages with good maintenance, I think a lot of the cars that are coming off the road and being replaced will be put back on the road as used vehicles that will be on the road for several thousand miles yet.
Gregory L. Henslee: Our perspective is that as the SAAR increases is the symptom of the economy improving. And as the economy improves, there's more commuter miles driven and people have more money to spend generally. And so they're kind of – it’s a mitigating factor to the fact that there are new cars, more new cars coming on the road. Clearly, higher new car sales are not good to the short-term growth of our business. But again, we're talking about 240-million-vehicle population and the difference between maybe 12 million and 14 million, so 2 million vehicles a year coming into the population that are new vehicles as opposed to vehicles that are out of warranty.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I would just wrap up by saying thanks for your time. We're looking forward to reporting our first quarter results at the end of the first quarter, and we'll be working hard to make sure that we generate solid results. Looking forward to a great 2012. Thanks.
