Tom McFall: Thank you, Ethan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today’s conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2015 results and our outlook for the remainder of 2015. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements that we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I’d like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that we manage our payroll on a store-by-store basis and it’s a bottoms-up management. We monitor the business obviously on a daily and weekly basis and adjust payroll with a long-term view to grow the business. But to the extent that the ability to take market share wasn’t as significant as we feel like it is right now, we wouldn’t put as many hours in the store. What I would tell you is, it’s very variable based on what the store operation’s view is of the opportunity to accelerate growth.
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that we continue to work with each supplier to see where our opportunities are. We’re excited that we’ve got to 101 this particular period. We’ll have some pressure as we go into the end of the year just based on velocity of business. If we hadn’t posted to the externally strong comps that we have, we wouldn’t have that ratio. When we look at long term, we continue to have some opportunities to extend some of our suppliers. But I think the key for us now is to really focus on what our inventory turns are, as we talked about in the prepared remarks to make sure, A, that we have the right products in the stores that are moving to provide customer service carried throughout our layers to optimize that. But really to work on where do we have inventory deployed that we’re not getting a return, and how do we adjust that. So that’s a big driver to our inventory ratio.
Tom McFall: Chris, we are very hesitant to talk about our distribution costs. So we’re not going to break that out.
Tom McFall: We continue to look at where our opportunities are to direct our own brands. That’s a margin opportunity for us. We continue to look at how we distribute parts. We continue to look at where our opportunities are to leverage our size and buy better, sometimes to buy direct. So those all play into it.
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that when we assessed the IP, we were pretty skeptical and concerned of having stores with shops adjoined and we worked out how we would do that. And to this point, we had been pleased with our results. It was certainly a challenge, because our competitors use the fact that we are attached to a shop as a means to imply that there is some partnership that might be unfair to the other professional customers that we provide parts to, which is not the case, and we make it very transparent and clear that that’s not the case. But the IP and John Quirk, the owner, they’ve been great partners of ours, and I think both businesses have done well. And we’re reasonably comfortable there, and I can tell you that our business continues to grow robustly in those stores. We’re coming off a small base, but if you looked at the percentages, you’d be impressed if I told you what it was, which I’m not going to. But talking about Pep Boys, I think it’s a lot different situation, because the size of it for one thing, but then also the amount of square feet. But what I would say is that, if given the opportunity to look at that, we would assess that in due course, just like we would any other opportunity and decide whether it made sense for us and what parts of it worked and what parts of it didn’t, and all those things. But I can tell you, we probably would not be scared of the fact that there’s a shop attached. What I would tell you though, Bridgestone still has a tender offer out there to close Pep Boys. And as far as we’ve heard, we don’t know what they’re going to do. They may run the shops, they may not run the shops. So that might be a question better directed to those folks.
Tom McFall: What we would tell you is that if we have low – it depends on the mix of products we sell, when we look at the gross margin. Our distribution is pretty highly variable, but there will be pressure on those fixed costs. When we look at the store costs, it’s a difficult question to answer. When we look at what our SG&A was per store, with high sales volumes, we’re staffed up to meet that. We’re probably running overtime because of the amount of business we have. It’s a higher achievement of variable compensation, and we’re running a lot more trucks, burning a lot more fuel. All those costs are very variable. But obviously there is some portion of payroll and there’s occupancy costs that are fixed that we are levering. So at a lower comp, we’re not going to – all other things equal, we’re not going to put up the operating profit we did this quarter, but we’re going to make adjustments to fine-tune the variable part of our business to match what the business is that’s out there.
Greg Henslee: What I’d tell you, there’s just a lot going on in the industry. You guys have seen the M&A activity that’s going on. As some of the companies that have previously been more retail have come into the wholesale business, we see pressure being put on some of the weaker players in each market, which provides some opportunity for us. We beefed up our supply chain and the number of times that we touch each store in the last few years, and improved some of the retail services that we provide. And we’ve proven, I think, over the last two or three years or whatever, that we have the ability to pick up some market share. I think that we’re going to continue to be able to do that. And for that reason, we’re pretty robust in the way we deploy staffing in the stores as a means of continuing that trend of gaining market share.
Greg Henslee: I think that’s just one of the many things. It’s Dan’s and Carquest coming together, that’s another. And there’s other smaller ones that have taken place, like the Uni-Select thing with Carlecon, and things like that. One last item to add, Michael, is there’s a lot of tailwinds in our industry. Unemployment is coming down. Commuter miles driven are going up. Miles driven are going up. So there is more opportunity for – there’s a backdrop that says there’s more business out there for us.
Greg Henslee: I think it has had a growing impact and I think will continue to for the foreseeable future. Cars continue to increase in complexity. There’s a lot of technology that’s being deployed in cars that wasn’t a few years ago and I would expect that to continue to increase. An example would be – and we were talking about this internally the other day – when it comes to vehicle ignitions. For instance, cars just a few years ago had distributor caps with a rotor, and each cylinder had an ignition wire. And today, most vehicles have an ignition coil on each spark plug. And while the ignition coils aren’t replaced as part of normal vehicle maintenance during a tune-up and the cap and rotor and ignition wires would have been, when those coils fail, they’re very expensive, and at higher mileage as they fail. And the trade-off is, we sell a lot fewer units and maybe the frequency of the sale is less, but when we do sell a coil, it’s much more expensive sale. And since there’s one on each cylinder, there’s several of them on a car. And that kind of thing exists in several different areas. Fuel pumps. It used to be cars had mechanical fuel pumps or an in-line fuel pump going up to the carburetor or throttle body injection. And today, vehicles have an in-tank fuel pump that acts as not only the fuel pump, but also the fuel gauge sending unit, down in the fuel pump. It’s a very technical part; they sell for on average maybe a couple hundred dollars a piece, whereas, the older fuel pumps might sell for $20 to $40 a piece. While they are good products, maybe don’t fail as often as the old mechanical pumps or the in-line pumps, they are more expensive when they do.
Greg Henslee: We are not great predictors of the weather, and really looking back a few years, we really didn’t spend that much time even talking about it. But as we got bigger, it’s become a little bit more of a factor, with our geographic expansion and so forth. This fall, most markets have not had really cold weather yet, and some of the periods that we compare to last year, where you had cold snaps that might drive short-term demand for batteries or something like. We’ve not really had that yet in most markets, so that’s yet to come. What I would say is, if we have a mild winter, some of the demand that would be created by the more extreme winter would be deferred a little bit. It would go into maybe next year if there were parts that were going to fail in the wintertime, or pressure that was put on parts that were going to fail anyway at some point, but didn’t have the pressure put on them by the cold weather. So that might be kicked down the road to maybe the winter of 2016 or something like that. As we’ve always said, extreme weather is generally good for us. Real cold, real hot, causes parts to fail more premature than they would typically. But they’re still going to fail. It may push some of it down the road a little bit that we might gain during more extreme weather. I think this year has been pretty normal weather. I think that the summer started out pretty mild, but it turned out to be pretty hot in most markets. And we did well in some of the heat-related categories, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. I think it was an average winter. I don’t think it was extreme in most markets and I think we benefited as we typically would from the damage that’s into cars in the extreme cold. I would expect that many markets would have some version of a cold winter this year, although I know that there could be some effect from this El Nino. So that would be my comment. I don’t think it’s a major factor to consider. I think that the economic issues we discuss relative to gas prices, miles driven, the health of the consumer, employment rates improving are more powerful typically than what the weather would be.
Greg Henslee: Something I would add to that, Chris, is that, for the most part, vendors have after-market parts, many of them can’t supply all of us, so they supply some of us. So many of them make choices as to who they’re going to do business with. And I think they’re trying to pick companies that they feel like will do a good job distributing their products and representing their products. I think to some degree we’ve benefited from being recognized as a pretty high-quality partner when it comes to partnering with a supplier. And for that reason, we’ve been afforded some gross margin opportunities that maybe we weren’t as a smaller company, and we are today. And then I think our merchandise cost is a pretty good contributor to our gross margin results.
Greg Henslee: Those things are hard to know for sure. We know, as you know, that our retail business has grown pretty robustly. And the things you’ve mentioned relative to our efforts to staff better on nights and weekends, make sure that the service levels that we provide are extremely high and that we now include in those services we provide some things that we didn’t three years ago, relative to the occasional battery installation or wiper blades or the occasional light bulb pulling check engine light and trouble codes off of cars, stuff like that. And then of course, the old rewards program, which we now have 18 million enrolled customers and we’re averaging 120, 125 a week new enrollees. And so all those things are contributors. And then of course the economy improving, miles driven improving are big contributors also to just the demand for parts retail. It’s really hard for us to know. I think all the things put together have got us where we are. I think the old rewards program’s very important. I think the services that we provide that we didn’t provide previously, I’m glad we’re providing them now. We probably should have done them a little earlier. And the staffing is just something that we have focused on for a long time, and we’ve just gotten better and better at it. And I think we’ll continue to improve it as time goes along and we deploy better systems to help us manage the staffing in our stores, and make sure the store managers have the information they need to optimize the way they staff stores. But it’s hard for me to quantify which is the bigger contributor. They are all significant contributors.
Greg Henslee: I don’t have the numbers with me, but I will tell you, if we look at it that way, and I have looked at it that way, it’s pretty shocking, the number of transactions and the dollar contribution from our loyalty program. The thing that’s impossible to know is how much of that business were we getting prior to the loyalty program? And there are customers that were coming to us previously and we signed them up on a loyalty card, and they continue to do business. And we hope they’re more loyal maybe than they were before. But maybe we were the only store they came to previously. We really don’t have a good way of knowing. Although, as I said a moment ago, if you look just at the transactions and the dollar contribution from the people using our loyalty program, it’s material. But again, we don’t have a way of knowing what would’ve gotten anyway. But I continue to believe that it’s been a positive thing for us, and will continue to be a positive thing for us as customers benefit from the rewards that we afford them and they reward us with their loyalty.
Greg Henslee: I think so. It’s hard for us to measure share gains, just like it’s hard for you all to measure share gains. And really our only means of measuring wholesale share gains basically is by comparing to the results of our publicly traded competitors and those that we know in the industry that tell us how their sales are. That’s really the only way we have of comparing. And I think the 7.9% comp that we generated in the third quarter speaks for itself relative to market share, but that really is a very basic comparison and a very general comment, when we say we’re gaining market share, and it’s strictly based on our perception of how we’re performing versus the companies that report publicly and those that we know in the industry.
Greg Henslee: What I would tell you is we, me and 72,000 other people here, come to work every day trying to do the best job we can to provide great levels of service to our customer. And make sure we have the right parts in the right places, and we know what we’re talking about when it comes to selling parts and fixing cars. We’re going to continue to do we do and we’re going to continue to try and improve things we do and improve the way we educate team members and improve our supply chain, improve the number of times we touch doors, improve the science behind how we deploy inventory. So to the extent that those things are contributing to our market share gains, which, I believe they are, I think we will continue to be a market share gainer. Yet all of us are subject to just the macro backdrop and the business that the automotive after-market is doing and right now, it’s pretty robust. So that some portion of the 7.9% comp and the 7.4% comp we’ve had for the year is a result of the market being pretty robust. And as I mentioned, I think that in a robust market, we’re in very good position to take market share because of the things I mentioned that I think we do pretty well. And they’re very basic things, but they’re things that we’ve done for years and we have just improved on as our company has grown and gotten older, and we’ve all gained more experience and we put more science behind it and things like that. So I wouldn’t expect a change in our ability to grow market share, but the unknown, to some degree, is just the backdrop of what the macroeconomic environment provides.
Greg Henslee: Yes. Those two are pretty offsetting. One is pretax, one is post-tax. So they basically create a neutral.
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would tell you, Dan, is that in my history with O’Reilly, which is 31 years, I can tell you the fourth quarter is the most variable. There are things that can happen related to weather intercepting in some markets and doesn’t in some markets and that can be a significant driver of early demand. And then also the holiday shopping season is always an unknown and the effect of that on our business is always a little bit of an unknown. Because of our history and our experience in all the fourth quarters that we have lived through, we know that fourth quarter is the most variable. And for that reason, we generally are pretty conservative. But we’re even – put more emphasis on our conservatism going into the fourth quarter as a result of the knowledge we have of the potential variability coming into the holiday season.
Greg Henslee: Additional retail contribution is certainly favorable. Like you said, it’s higher gross margin and they bring the money with them. And you don’t have to deliver the part, so it’s a great thing. So yes, to the extent that our retail business growth that we’re able to hold onto that and we continue to grow it, which I think we will. That’s a positive thing. It’s a contributor to our margin and will be helpful at a lower comp rate in generating flow through to operating margin.
Greg Henslee: Yes, they send it out. We open early, of course, for the wholesale customers, because many of them get their shops up and running pretty early and we want to be sure that parts that they may have ordered the day before or whatever get to their shop first thing. But later in the day, DIY, many of them work for a living obviously, and they are the reason we keep our stores open late and staff our stores right on nights and weekends is, generally speaking, to serve the DIY customers.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thank you, Ethan. We’d like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O’Reilly team for the outstanding year-to-date results. We are extremely proud of our record-breaking third quarter results and externally confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum into the fourth quarter. I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2015 fourth quarter and full-year results in February of next year. Thank you.
