Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Jared. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing among other things, expected growth, store development, integration expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on our public debt, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses such as CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 for more details. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: I guess what I would add to Greg's comment there is we have posted as we did last year at 11.1% comp without the core stores, which represent over 70% of the store base now, having a very good year. So when we looked at our guidance for the third quarter, those are tough compares for a more mature market. And then when we look at exceeding the guidance for the third quarter, what our expectations of comps were at the core stores, we exceeded those to help drive the comps.
Thomas G. McFall: Scott, this is Tom. To add to Greg's comments, if we say it's a 5-year and we look at, as opposed to comps, we look at the dollars of sales added, our expectation would be the slowest years would be the first year as we're building the relationships, which Ted discussed. And the fifth year, when you're trying to get the last few accounts that you haven't signed up to get your market entitlement, with the strongest years being 2, 3 and 4.
Thomas G. McFall: Brian, this is Tom. Our goal right now is to be in the 65% to 70% range by the end of next year with the vendor financing program now in place, that we have unsecured debt, that we've made a lot of headway so far this year. From a number of vendors, until we get to the new dating where the days are added, we don't see that additional increase and we expect to have good improvements next year. When we look forward to the end of this year, historically, from a sales volume standpoint, our AP to inventory ratio slows going into the end of the year. But I think the comparison of where we were end of third quarter last year to end of third quarter this year gives you a good idea of the direction we're going in. When we look at the structural differences, our best opportunity to really work with our vendors on dating hard products, the historic branded products that have a large distribution through the traditional channels. On those products, it's harder to get dating because so much of the vendors' volume is through smaller players in the industry that have a higher credit risk than the big players in the industry. So that's, I think, the structural difference you see between ourselves and some of our competitors.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, it's probably -- as we've talked about before, it's probably a 2-year process to get to where our leverage is. It will also be dependent on what other opportunities there are within the industry to consolidate the industry. We want to maintain our flexibility to continue to consolidate the industry, and we want to make sure that we maintain our investment grade ratings, which are key to our vendor financing program.
Thomas G. McFall: Tony, this is Tom. As somebody who's followed our industry for a long time, you've seen the cycles we've gone through, and the DIY side of the business is much more cyclical than the do-it-for-me, which tends to be a much more steady growth side of the business. So when we look at '09 and '10, the comps for the industry were very good and above that 5-year run rate, which tells you that the DIY business was doing very well during that period and we were going through a lot of financial changes and consumers were under pressure. The way we look at it is during that time period, the DIY customers, some DIFMs got pushed into DIY, but people became more focused on repairing their vehicles and maintain them on the road so that they wouldn't have to go out and buy new vehicles, and we see that pressure still out there. But when we look at this time of the year vis-à-vis last year, last year, there was a big step-up in the DIY business. And we continue to do well on the DIY business at those higher levels that were established in '09, '10.
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, this is Tom. I'll answer the first part of the question. Our goal is to get the stores to $1.8 million on average, and I think our comment was though that would be within 3 or 4 years of them being converted. Our goal for 2013 was to hit a 15% operating margin and we feel like we're well on the way to getting there based on this year's results. As far as how they're progressing, the stores continue to do well within, and probably slightly above, our level of expectation when we bought them. But we stopped giving individual market statistics as we feel it puts us behind some competitive pressure as our competitors are giving regional comps out. So we continue to make progress, and on the 50-50 mix, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at our older DCs, as Greg said, we continue to make investments where we get a good ROI. When we look at the total CapEx, we don't have any significant projects that would change our running levels of maintenance CapEx at our existing DCs. Two years ago, we moved the Kansas City DC to a new location, relocated it. When we look across our distribution network right now, we don't feel that we have any distribution centers that need to be relocated. At quite a few of the distribution centers, we have additional capacity to add square footage, and where that's warranted, we will do that. That's obviously a significantly lower cost than opening new DCs.
Thomas G. McFall: Matt, this is Tom. It's somewhat hard for us to narrow down to what the inflation specific is. We've seen -- as we grow the do-it-for-me side of the business faster than do-it-yourself side of the business, we have to -- that carries the higher average ticket. And especially with the CSK stores, as we work up the call list and we become more of the first call supplier and you get bigger tickets, that's helped to drive our ticket, but it's not necessarily price-based. If we look at just our LIFO charge compared to total inventory, we would probably say it's somewhere around 1.5% to 2% helper thus far this year, which is, I think, higher than what we've seen over the last 3 or 4 years.
Gregory L. Henslee: We continue to see a lot of opportunity there. As I have said before and I said specifically in our analyst meeting, the CSK stores had continued to do quite a bit of retail business, especially on the West Coast, that much of their product mix had kind of converted away from the core automotive hard parts business that we're in. And so, we're successfully making that transition back and we feel like we have a lot of opportunity there for many reasons. One, just because of the population and all the economic dynamics that exist in California. But, two, from a retail competitor standpoint, we just don't have as many competitors on the West Coast as we do the East and Central. So we feel like we have opportunity there to grow our retail business and we're putting a lot of effort right now into trying to accomplish that.
Gregory L. Henslee: You bet. Well, like I was saying, the CSK did not put a lot of emphasis on measuring individual team member productivity. They, of course, measured store productivity and success as any company would. Our company, with its commission-based programs and team commission-based programs and just the aspiration to perform as well as we have in historic markets, puts a lot of emphasis on individual productivity. And we've seen great gains. I mean to put a number on what CSK, what their average team member generated to what we generated, I wouldn't be able to do that today. But I can tell you, we put a lot of emphasis on that, and we have team members that we have recruited that are now installers, service specialists, that's the title we give them, but they basically manage the transaction and the relationship in the store with our professional customer business. And we have guys out there that are approaching some of the productivity levels that we have in our historic O'Reilly markets. Now, that's not to say we don't still have a lot of upside because we do, because we have some team members in the historic markets that are incredibly productive. And it's astounding how much business they can write and process each day, and at some point, we'll get to that with some of the CSK force that we gained ground significantly there. Ted, I don't know if you have any comments.
Gregory L. Henslee: No, that would not be a correct assumption. The core O'Reilly stores continue to perform pretty well. The historic CSK stores, as I mentioned in my comments, are comping better than the core O'Reilly stores. But -- and yes, a big portion of the delta, I guess, would, is coming from the CSK stores. But the core O'Reilly stores continue to do very well.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, it varies by store, Scott, depending on the people and competitors and a lot of factors. But I would say that somewhere in the 4- to 5-year range is the ramp to maturity where you have the market share entitlement that you would expect to have, and you have the people or the team members in the store, from a productivity perspective, generating what we would hope they could generate and things like that. So we still have a lot of room in improvement in front of us in the CSK stores, but we're reasonably pleased with what we've been able to do so far.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, all the new stores we open, we open up in both businesses. So we started 0 or in acquisition. We usually start with some professional business and ramp up from there. Probably, a good, I guess, piece of our company to look at to answer your question would be the stores that we converted in the center part of the country that were previously Checker Stores. And there was just, just short of 200 of them that were some of our first conversions. And during the -- because they were in O'Reilly markets and because we had management in place already that fully understood the business, the ramp was pretty quick. And it ramped to a high rate that we maintained for a year or so, and then it came down slightly and has stayed flat since then. They stayed even with where it ramped down to, but it's still an incredible comp rate for those stores. But it stayed pretty equal to where they came back to after that initial kind of high rate of comp that we were able to gain by going out and just being in the installer business for the first time.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say, Dan, is that I don't think the next 10 years, from a rate perspective, will look like the past 10 years from a pure gain perspective. We are putting a lot of effort into trying to do things to enhance our gross margin both on the acquisition cost side, just kind of the science we put behind managing selling price, the timing that we work with, with regard to price increases from our suppliers due to raw materials. So we would expect the incremental gains just not nearly what we've had over the past 10 years, probably, but still solid gains, kind of closing the gap with some of our competitors who do a little better on gross margin than we do. So yes, I think we still have some room, but I don't think the next 10 years will, from a rate perspective, will look like the past 10 years.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I think we'll continue to see incremental gains. I think the fourth quarter, the quarter we're in right now, I think a combination of mix promotions, lack of leverage on our or decreasing leverage on our distribution costs, which are included in our cost of goods, put pressure on fourth quarter. But we had good results in the third quarter, working on the things that we're working on from a pricing perspective and efficiencies and distributions. So we'll continue to work on those things, but I wouldn't expect what we did in the third quarter in the fourth quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, of course, that varies by market a lot because you have team members in various stores that are either team members that were good in the commercial business when we bought CSK. CSK had some programs that were working or they were -- there are recruits from competitors who were really good in the commercial business. And in those stores, we could be one of the top guys. In most stores, we would be somewhere in the middle. I would say second, third, fourth, something like that, in most of the stores out there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there's a lot of things that we're working on right now to increase our market share on the DIY side. The things from product mix. We have -- historically, the breadth of our primary categories have been in products that have been preferred by the professional customers, and we're working to kind of mix those a little better, have products that fit both better as opposed to having one line that typically fits DIY and then a line that fits the professional customers better, creating a sell-up opportunity for the DIY. We're trying to provide more coverage in the price line products and, in some cases, mixing those so that we don't have 2 separate lines. Just from a promotion/advertising perspective, the services that we offer in our stores, from wiper installations and battery installations, to pulling the codes when someone comes in with their check engine light on, putting information on our point-of-sales systems that help with diagnostics when it comes to interpreting those codes and leading the customer down the right path, whether that be something that's simply wrong with their car that they can fix or informing them that their best bet is to go to a repair shop and have someone that really understands diagnostics to take a look at their car. We're just trying to become a better assistant when it comes to helping DIY customers that are challenged to try and fix their own cars, many times out of economic necessity, to figure out what their options are and help them get on the right track to fix their cars. So I think we have a lot of opportunity there. Clearly, from a high-level perspective, the DIY business is not growing as fast as the commercial business partly because of the complexity of cars, partly because the typical DIY customer just feels more the financial pressure due to the economy than the typical do-it-for-me customer. But we feel like we have market share that we can gain on the DIY side.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. The -- from a mix perspective, those stores ultimately will end up with a mix similar to what we've had in historic O'Reilly markets with the exception -- when you look at them as a group, we didn't locate those stores and many of them were located in areas under a purely retail model that are just not conducive to doing the amount of professional business that we would ultimately like to do. Frankly, for our business models, some of those stores would not have been set where they're at although there's a huge retail opportunity in those stores that we'll continue to capitalize on them. We may not move them. They may just be stores that we operate as good retail stores that just do a little bit of commercial or maybe very little commercial, but still be very profitable stores. So that is going to keep us from getting to -- if you looked at those stores as a group in 5 years or 6 years or whatever, getting to kind of a historic O'Reilly average. But as a group, I'd say they're going to get in the 60%, 40% range or something like that. But many of them will be 50-50.
Gregory L. Henslee: There are some things that, over time, we'll do in some of our older DCs that are proved from a technology standpoint, to be good investments that increase productivity. For many that have been to our analyst days where we've toured distribution centers, we've toured a variety of distribution centers. The one that's here in Springfield, our original distribution center, uses not nearly the technology that our newest distribution centers would, yet it yields up a productivity rate that's very comparable just because of the tenure and the team members that we have working in the distribution center. They're very successful. We have other distribution centers that don't use all the new technology, that aren't quite as productive, and incrementally and ongoing, we evaluate the implementation of some of the newer technologies in these older DCs. And we have a strategy that we periodically implement these things. Tom can speak to the capital investment of that and the effect on our annual capital usage.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, when we look at price inflation, when prices go up quickly over a short period of time, it takes us some time to catch up with that. We saw that with diesel oil, which is a huge product in our industry, and saw sharp increases in April and May, and that's moderated. But in general, we're relatively successful at getting those passed through in a pretty short period of time. We would say, right now, that when we look at the third quarter, we didn't feel any compression from any specific items. We look at the price increases, during the quarter, helped that. The price increases were more at the beginning of the quarter and eased up as we got to the end of the quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I would just like to thank everyone for attending our third quarter call. We look forward to talking to you again after we complete our fourth quarter and publish our year-end results next February. Thank you very much.
Ted F. Wise: Yes, it's a process to obviously not only go out and set up the account and start a relationship with an installer customer. But then, they give you a try and over time, you earn the business based on service levels and everything that goes into being a good supplier. So yes, we see every day and obviously, it's a by-store progress. But we're growing market share as we develop and keep our relationships solid with our installers.
Ted F. Wise: Yes, it's -- from where we started and where we're at today, we're very pleased. Although the last 3 years, there's been a lot going on out there as far as the change over and resets and just the learning curve of new systems, so it's really not fair to say they were not productive. But it is accurate to say they are much more productive now on a dollar sales per team member basis, and I think we'll see improvement. I think the improvement, obviously, is going to be due the sales growth and leveraging the expense we have in the stores now. And it's going real well.
Ted F. Wise: And I might add that even though we've owned CSK now for over 3 years that we really didn't start the race until about a year ago when the stores were converted over to our distribution model and our store systems. In those first 2 years, we were just really setting the stage.
Ted F. Wise: And Tony, this is Ted. Another area we continue to work on, and I don't think you ever get to where you want to be for sure, is just the staffing model for every store, especially in the Hispanic markets and the high retail growth area. We've just got to stay real focused on being staffed for the clientele and having enough people at the right time. And with the wholesale/retail mix, it'd be -- presents a challenge for the store personnel to get the right blend of day people, night people, leadership on night and weekends, that can really drive the business and keep the service levels high. So it's a huge priority for us right now. And especially as we, out West, we're putting a lot of emphasis on growing the wholesale. We've got to make sure that we take stay focused on retail scheduling also, which we are.
Ted F. Wise: The last several years, really, the real estate market has been pretty ripe for expansion. Not that we've necessarily seen a lot of big decreases, but the property prices and lease rates have held flat, and in fact, some markets have gone down. For example, with all the Blockbusters and Hollywood Videos closing, there's a lot of good spaces available that fits our type of needs. And then again, just from a raw dirt, ground up, there's not been a lot of competition for expansion sites. So we've had a fairly successful last few years in growing our business at decent lease rates. And we've gone back, especially on the West Coast, and been pretty hard negotiators with our existing leases and held a lot of leases flat for the next period and actually had some reductions in some situations. So we have a whole group of people that works that area everyday as far as trying to lower occupancy cost for the future.
