Tom McFall: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our fourth quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2017. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements and we intently covered by and we claim that protection under safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, belief, expect would consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: We still have a few opportunities that we’re working on. And a couple of them are pretty significant that we know about right now. Our expectation is that we’re going to see about half as much LIFO headwind in 2017 as we saw in 2016.
Tom McFall: We’re not very good at projecting our commodity cost, to the extent that we do see some increase and we would expect to see some increases as oil prices go up that we have some - headwinds from reducing acquisition cost on hard parts that we would expected to net up, but we don’t anticipate seeing a wide enough effect on products to have inflation help drive our comparable store sales this year.
Tom McFall: I think that overtime, as price transparency on equivalent product continues to increase, that’s likely to happen and I think it happens some today and we equipped our team members with to how to deal to that, how to deal with that, we don’t let our customers that needs apart leave our store without that partner hand.
Tom McFall: Sure, when we look at our investments in IT. It's across a broad spectrum of things. we are going to launch a new website beginning of the second quarter, which is the step in the right direction for us from an omnichannel standpoint. Our real goal is to make sure that we have a seamless transaction. However, our customers would like to start the transaction often in our business it starts with looking up a part online, finding out what you might need, what the availability is, making sure that we can transition, the start of that transaction and pull it up in the store, make sure we identify the customer, make sure we can maintain visibility of what type of vehicles they work on and really maintain that connection with the customer, as Greg talked about earlier, our customers are permanently coming to our store for advice, so if they start online, we want to be able to continue that transaction in the store.
Tom McFall: It continues to be a relatively small portion where - right now we are tracking primarily order online pickup in store, our opportunity there is to better tie when our customers are looking at availability and looking up parts and getting information how to repair their vehicles, obviously primarily DIY side, and making sure we maintain that data for when they come in to the store, right now if they don’t actually transact online, we're not capturing that when they walk in the store, but a high percentage of our customers are investigating their fixes online.
Tom McFall: Bret, what I would tell you is that, when we look back at 2016, the second quarter and third quarters were - they were solid quarters for us. When we go back to 2012 they were a little bit weaker than that. So, that's why we think we're going to be more of a consistent basis and that's why we've given three to five guidance versus kind of that gave that comparison to 2012.
Tom McFall: We're going to watch and see, how other people in the industry do here later in the month and they would have a better answer for you.
Greg Henslee: Yeah, I think it is something that, late in the quarter so far has had some impact because the early viler which are doing the most economically incentivized customers to get their money as quick as they can that we would have seen some benefit in that last year towards the end of January, 1st of February. We have not seen that yet because of the delay. I think most of that trues up for the end of the quarter, but I don’t really know for sure, but I would suspect that most of the trues up by the end of the quarter.
Greg Henslee: We had some pretty good winter weather in December. So, I don’t think that the lack of winter if we don’t have much more winter weather, it would be as potentially impacting as it was related to last winter. So, we expect it to be a little bit more of a normalized spring and summer related to winter weather, that'd be said it will be seven-month winter to go. So, it’s yet to be seen, but there are some pretty mild trends going on. Our expectation is that the fundamentals of our industry, our confidence and our ability to continue the cadence that we're on from a comp store sales perspective under more normalized conditions, but we were not comparing to these tax delays and stuff like that that we’re in. So, we’ll get back to kind of the comp store range that would be in that 3% to 5% range and we feel confident at this point for the year that we would end the year in that range.
Greg Henslee: Well - we, and I've been a little surprised by the interest that there has been in the transition to online recently. We've not seen much in our business that led us to be very concerned about it. But we have read a lot of the reports and I saw the thing in the New York Post and stuff like that. There really has not a lot of change in RM, our best barometer of that is we have a lot of field guys that - me and Jeff, Greg and Tom and everyone in our management team know very well and we encourage them to be outspoken with us about competitive pressures that they feel. And we've just not seen a change in that competitive pressure. Customers would tell you, or you would hear things from them about their concerns, things like that. We’re in a business and I don't want to go into a lot of detail about the things that we bring to the table that may be an online retailer wouldn't, but these online retailers have been around for a long time and I realized that Amazon is the strongest and the best run and I obviously have a lot of respect for them and I am a customer for household items and other things. But one of the things that - or some of the things that are a barrier to entry for these guys are that we're in a very technical business. We - let's talk about the DIY side for a minute. When a customer has a problem with their car, whether it's a - their car won't start - let's say they don't really know what's strong. They know, it could either be a battery or alternator or a starter motor, thing jump start their car or something that get it to our store, we're going be able to tell them what's wrong, what's a store and tested we'll help install a battery, we will get him lined up with the technician to help solve their problems they can. Many times, our problems are - what I call drive ability problems, related to sensors or emission system things that cause the check engine light to come on or a variety of things. We have highly experienced trained professionals in our stores, they help them solve these problems. Many times, customers, when they come in to buy a part, they don’t really know it's part called, they think it's bad, it looks bad, we'll test it for them, we may lead him down another path. I mean it's just, it's a highly technical business. And then on top of all that, learning and developing the science, to know what inventory you need in different markets, takes time and experience and that's the reason that our company, one of the reasons, we've done so well because we've been so good at that, plus there is almost 36,000 part stores in the U.S. it's very convenient to get parts and there is a high immediacy of need, when you have a car problem. Not that there aren't accessories and other things that can wait and do on the professional side, which there has been some talk about, what an online retailer could do on the professional side. And gosh, I can see that so difficult for them to penetrate, when I think about the relationships, that we have with our professional customers and the dependency that they have on us, to provide them training and guidance and access to tools and the equipment to keep their tools running and their equipment running. And how quickly they need parts and how if they - they're not sure, maybe modeled your change, where a car might take one of two parts will send them both and bring the other one back, we'll match up parts for and just - the list goes on and on and on of the things that we do, plus we're making a distribution center inventory available to them in many markets, six times, eight times a day, which is - I think that the online retailers while though - as they have proven over the years, they will continue to take a little bit of market share here and there. I don't see them nearly as one of our most prominent competitors.
Greg Henslee: Well, I think that do-it-for-me business is growing a little faster than on a macro basis than the DIY business and considering that we're comping about the same on both, I would speculate that we're gaining a little more share on the DIY side right now than we would be on the do-it-for-me side. Geographically, we performed well in many markets, generally speaking where we are growing the fastest in our expansion markets, like in the Southeast and the Northeast and areas like that, where we - are stores are newer and we have more to gain from competitors who have business already and we're in there - trying to get all business we can. So, I would say in those markets is that we're gaining most of the market share.
Greg Henslee: Yeah. I think we have an incredible fill rate. We - our business is built around this high availability model, making sure that we have a lot of SKUs available on a same day basis, multiple times a day. And I think we're the - I think we're the best in our industry at making a wide array of parts available to our customers and it's one of the reasons that our company has done as well as it has over the years. And this goes way, way back, this is not a new thing. I think when the O'Reilly family was running the businesses of small company; they quickly recognized that if you have a part in, get it to the customer quickly than everybody else that you’re going to win. When it comes to that via talent or creating, the second part of your question was about that. I think that we are a desired employer, I think that people that no parks and are good parks people, they like to work for us and we equipped them with the tools that they need to be successful and you know one of the most important tools that we equipped them with, is this availability that we’re talking about and it’s hard to be a great parks person, if you don’t have access to the parks and we put our professional parks people in a position to where they have excellent access to a wider ray of parks to take care of our professional customers and our DIY customers.
Greg Henslee: Well, really moving to 190 was simply to better accommodate the integration of bond with the teams that we have to put in new stores that as you know Dan, we are opportunistic and somewhat aggressive right now with looking at companies that we feel like would be good fits for us and several the smaller regional players out there that many would fit well in our geography and fit well in our business. So yeah, we are in a good position to continue to our strategy of acquiring companies that make since force in 2017 and beyond.
Greg Henslee: Well, I mean it’s a challenging real estate market, there is no open retail watches wait for us to come along, so you had to be pretty creative in the way you put a new store. Then of course, cost is a factor, so you have to be a little more confident sometimes in the amount of volume that you can do in a location if you’re going to take on the - that it sometimes takes a fair bit. I think we have learned a lot as these Florida, the Northeast and - real estate and I think our position of there is incrementally improving that no question, real estate tough is there, makes a little more advantageous for us to consider some of the acquisitions that we could potentially make up there, as exemplified with what we did with VIP and now with Bond.
Greg Henslee: The key difference there is just the expected year-over-year increase in our AT to inventory ratio that we saw 7% increase in 2016 over 2015. And our expectation is that while we will increase it somewhat we won't see that 7% increase therefore we won't drive as much reduction in working capital.
Greg Henslee: Okay, well I'll answer that question first and then talk about Florida. It really is recognition of the leadership roles that these two individuals play in our company. They do a great job, I'll be 57 years old so I won't be CEO forever, but I have no immediate plans to not be CEO and when that time comes it will be announced and we'll do it the right way. I don't think that long-term I could proceed a time that I wouldn't be involved with the company right now. So, we're talking down the road if any will happen. So, I wouldn't - like anything that we've done with Greg to Jeff to something like that. In Florida, today, we have 163 stores most of which are supplied out of Orlando. We continue to progress that leave that stores bumping up against for Water dale, Miami. So, our expansion in that area has been significant and very successful. We continue to have great success with the new stores we've opened down there. We've been very fortunate that we're sometime that to have a great team of auto parts guys down there that are able to recruit good auto parts guys. And we have some strong regional competitors down there that we feel like we've done well against. So, we continue to grow and have continued expansion plans down there this year. A material part of our new store openings this year will be in Florida.
Greg Henslee: And Seth, if I can, this Greg. If I can add something to that a pretty material part of our B2B business is transacted online, it has been for some time, we were one of the first companies to go to a - online type of ordering platform back pre-internet, we did it using what they call ASCII terminals back in the day at 1200 about modems and in a workforce, and so we've continue to build on that and today a material part of our B2B business is transacted online.
Greg Henslee: I think I’ve said everything. I’ve been, and we were just chatting amongst ourselves here before the call, wondering if we be asked Amazon, because just something we were with our annual meeting with our store managers this week and we talk about lot of things, we've got a lot of tough competitors, I have yet to invite anyone talk to me about Amazon, as a competitor, online competitors. And I know that they’re there. It's just not a big factor right now from a competitive standpoint, not that it can be in the future and I obviously have a lot of respect for the great company that they build and again I’m a customer like most people. I think the things we've talked about just tough year-over-year compares to first quarter, mild weather in January and this delay in tax refunds are the reasons that we have the 2% to 4% comp guidance for the first quarter. And I would refrain from reading more into it and just that.
Greg Henslee: No, I think the cadence of industry growth and I think our success in taking market share is in addition to that growth is pretty comparable in 2017 versus 2016. The challenge for our industry ongoing and this has been a challenge for some time now is that is cars become more complex, we have to work harder to make sure that we're in a great position to keep customers that have cars out of warranty from going back to the dealers in choosing the aftermarket shop grew by parts from us and our competitors. So, I think that as an industry we better continue to work to keep that business coming our way because as the cars become more complex, it becomes more and more difficult to build these parts and so forth, I think our industry has done great that when I talk to our suppliers tonight that will be one of the things that I talk to them is just the investments, that we all have to make and making sure that we're in the best position we can possibly be to compete against our real competitors in the aftermarket and that is the OE dealers.
Greg Henslee: I am hopeful we do, Bret. And I agree with you that very probably it would be a little more - more comparable to that. When we talk about industry growth, I usually rely on what the associations kind of project and so far that the people I have talked with various associations are projecting growth, similar to what we would have seen last year, but Tom you may have some input on that.
Greg Henslee: Bret, I don't mean to over simplify this but you always look what the association say about industry growth and kind of various indicators, you can get through industry associations and so forth, my most direct comparison is with our publicly traded competitors and the privately-owned companies, some of which I know the principles finding, how they're doing and comparison to how we did. And as you can see that comparison is less of the conclusion that we've gained quite a bit of market share over the last few years and under existing circumstances, I see no reason to think that will continue through 2017.
Greg Henslee: Well, we always have regional variations for a number of reasons, including the AJ stores that exist in some regions versus others and things like that. What we were saying is that the difference that we felt like was driven by winter sensitive markets or weather sensitive markets, as compared to those that might not be so weather sensitive that towards the end of the quarter, we saw that gap go away, to the extent that we have mild weather continue through the remainder of the winter.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Richard. We'd like to again conclude our call by thanking our entire O'Reilly team for our strong 2016 results. We're pleased with our solid fourth quarter and full year results and we remain extremely confident, in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share in 2017. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2017 first quarter results in it. Thank you.
