Thomas McFall: Thank you, Allie. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2017. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2016, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas McFall: Thanks Jeff. Now, we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and updated guidance for the remainder of 2017. For the quarter, sales increase to $119 million prior to the $57 million increase in comp store sales, a $64 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million decrease in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2017, we expect our total revenues to be $8.9 billion to $9 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.6% of sales which was a 10 basis point deleverage versus the last year. The reduced gross margin percentage was the result of product mix, the loss of leverage on fixed costs and higher strengthen offset in part by lower LIFO charge. The LIFO impact resulting from continued incremental acquisition cost reductions was a headwind of $3 million in the third quarter of 2017 versus $10 million in that same period of 2016. We're anticipating the headwind from LIFO in the fourth quarter will be similar to the third quarter. For the quarter, our tax rate was 35.5% of pretax income, which was better than the 36.4% we anticipated. One-third of the positive variance was due to better than anticipated results on the tolling of certain tax periods. As a reminder, the third quarter rate is typically lower than the remainder of the year due the tolling of open tax periods. The remaining two-thirds was due to the required accounting change for the tax benefit relating the share based compensation. For the fourth quarter, our tax rate will be approximately 37.3% of pretax income before any benefit we may receive relating to the accounting change for share based compensation. Now, we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2017. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2017 the $704 million which was a $108 million decrease in the prior year driven by a smaller decrease in our net inventory investment than in the prior year. Partially offset by higher income. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance of a $830 million to $880 million. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was 600,000 which is a 4% increase from the end of 2016 in line with our expectations for normal seasonal fluctuations. For the full year we continue to expect the inventory per store to grow approximately 1.5% to 2%. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. And why are we now project these growth rates will be similar for 2017. We remain confident in our effective deployment of inventory. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the third quarter at 106% which is where we ended 2016 and we anticipate the end of 2017 will be a similar rate at 106%. Finally capital expenditures for the first nine months of the year were $340 million which was down slightly from the same period of 2016 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx of $470 to $500 million for the full year of 2017. Moving on to debt, we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.08 times as compared to our ratio of 1.6 three times at the end of 2016. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects the $750 million 10 year bonds we issued in August and incremental borrowings are $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Our increased borrowings moved into our targeted ratio of 2 to 2.25 times. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and year-to-date through this call. We've repurchased 8.3 million shares at an average share price of $234.51 percent for a total investment of $1.95 billion. During the third quarter we were purchased 2.7 million shares at an average price of $200.70. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash for our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call for questions I'd like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued dedication to the company's long-term success.  This concludes our prepared comments and at this time I'd like to ask Allie, the operator to return to the line we'll be happy to answer your questions. 
Thomas McFall: Okay. So, when we look at the second quarter of 2016, we had a significant LIFO charge and that created a lot of the difference. When we look at our gross margin, we tend to look on a quarter-to-quarter basis not year-over-year. The best indicator is how we did the quarter before. And there is some seasonality within that based on the product mix that we sell during that quarter. So, the comparison of how much we're over in the second quarter versus of the third quarter really has to do with that LIFO number. If we look at the sequential margin from the second to the third quarter, we actually improved and a lot of that is based on seasonality and we'd expect it to continue to improve per our guidance in the fourth quarter based on the products. As far as next year, we see a pretty stable pricing environment out there. We see a non-inflationary environment continuing and we'd anticipate that we'll continue to work hard at improving our gross margins to the extent that we are better able to leverage our fixed cost we'll see an improvement. And our merchants are always working on getting better deals. So, we wouldn't expect to have the pressure maybe that we've seen this year ex-LIFO.
Thomas McFall: We would -- we've spend a lot of time managing shrink. Our field team, DCs teams do an amazing job, our LP team does an amazing job. And I would tell you that this is just an oddity for us that kind of popped and probably had a lot to do with the timing at the end of the quarter and how much inventory we had to move around in different ways based on the events that occurred during the quarter. 
Thomas McFall: I would tell you, it's just tight expense management and as we talked about before, we have variable compensation for every team member here at O'Reilly from driver up through our executives. And the percent changes. Obviously, that number is under pressure this year. So there's some savings there that won't occur. But it's good expense management, good expanse management of payroll, which is our biggest expense at both of the DCs and in the stores. And we have a very -- the expenses that are volume based that go up when we have higher sales and more activity; we're going to get to out-manage it.
Thomas McFall: So, as Greg mentioned earlier, we have seen some commodity price inflation and its car part to where we continue to get better deals, offset in part by inflation on some commodities. So, we continue to work on getting great deals. But to the extent that we see commodity pricing increase that could -- so if we see inflation provide tailwind to the top line and our industry has been pretty effective at pushing price increases for cost increase that we receive.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call me this morning are our Co-Presidents Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw as well as Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I'd like to begin our call today by thanking team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to providing consistently excellent service to our customers. This unwavering commitment to going above and beyond to meeting our customers' needs was on full display during the third quarter and our team's response to Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma. Jeff will touch on our team's effort in more detail in a few minutes. But I want to thank each member of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and commitment they showed to provide great service to our customers during the recovery from these storms. We did see some headwind during the quarter as a result of store closures caused by the storms. However, thanks to our team's amazing commitment to getting their stores back open as soon as possible, we estimate we were able to make up most of the lost volume prior to the end of the quarter and more importantly, we were able to generate incredible goodwill with our customers that will benefit us for years to come. Our comparable store sales results for the third quarter were in line with the guidance expectations we established on last quarter's call as we saw a continuation of the business trends we experienced in the first half of the year. Clearly, our results this year have been below our robust long-term track record as a result of challenging market conditions in our industry driven by several factors I discussed in detail on our last conference call. These include the impact of two consecutive mild winters coupled with a mild summer in 2017. The impact to the addressable vehicle population from depressed new vehicle sales totals during the period from 2008 to 2011 and the significant economic pressure and uncertainty faced by many of our customers. None of these factors reflected structural shift in the dynamics of our industry and we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for the automotive aftermarket. We operate in a very stable industry and expect to continue to see steady increases in total miles driven along with growth in the total vehicle population in the U.S. and will continue to benefit as the high quality vehicle engineering and manufacturing supports demand for parts laid into vehicles lifecycle. As we look forward to the fourth quarter in 2018, we remain diligently focused on executing our proven business model and consistently providing excellent service to our valued customers and fully expect to continue to lead our industry and generate robust profitable growth. Our confidence in our businesses reflected our continued reinvestment in new store growth. Jeff will provide his normal updates in a few minutes, but I'll steal some of his thunder to report to you that we are extremely proud to open our 5,000th store last week in Norwich, Connecticut. Our outstanding track record of extremely successful organic growth is the result of an amazing amount of hard work by so many of our team members throughout our history and we continue to be very excited about our future growth prospects. I'll now turn the call over to Greg Johnson for some more detailed comments.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Well, thanks Michael. What I would say is that anytime our industry has a year where demand isn't quite as you know great it was the prior year for a prior period or whatever. We have primarily regional independents I call them undercard warehouses that you know do literally everything they can to hang on to and grow their professional business. So we have those kinds of things happening regionally but there's nothing new that that happens. You see it more during times of lower industry sales growth than you do in times of higher industry sales growth. But it's nothing new. But I would add to that that we've seen nothing across the industry that's changed the way that we compete on price. And I would speculate that there really has been no material change among our competitors. There's a method by which they go to market relative to price other than what we've read about one of our competitors who is considering going to a zone pricing strategy which all of us except for them evidently currently deploy. And we'll just have to see what effect that has. But I guess my comment would be is there's nothing new on the pricing front for us.
Gregory Henslee: Yes. Well, what I would say, Michael is that we've had two consecutive winters of mild weather and we've had a mild summer. I think as winter has approached in some markets, we -- what we've seen is a good reaction in some of the winter preparation-type of items and that, most likely, there are people that know that they didn't do some things to their cars last winter and maybe even the winter before because they had a mild winter and they're anticipating the need to do it. And so that's -- we feel like that's probably a little bit of a driving factor in the early season prior to weather, hopefully, turning cold and us having a brutal winter this winter in much of the country. We're not as exposed to the Northeast as some of our competitors, but we do realize it's been softer up there. We're growing up there. So the fact that maybe demand hasn't been as good on a macro level up there as what it typically would be this time of the year, we may not see as much because our stores are still on kind of a high growth rate because they're newer stores. Relative to your question on 1% to 2% being the new norm, if whether it's to be -- we have another mild winter or something like that, that's yet to be seen. I -- it would be very surprising if we had three winters as mild as the two we've had in the past. But time will tell and we'll see. Some of the things that are caused to fail by extreme weather are items that are going to fail no matter what. Extreme weather just causes them to fail earlier than they would have otherwise. So, what I would say is that if we have a real cool winter in many markets this year, I would expect demand to be pretty robust. If we don't, some of the things that didn't fail two years ago or last year are bound to fail this year just based on time and miles rather than extreme weather. So, we would expect there to -- this winter to be a better season for us and I wouldn't expect 1% to 2% to be the new norm.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think there's always some. Cars that were flooded, that weren't totaled or cars that maybe were in really bad shape that people decided to salvage, there's, you know, fluid changes and other things. We've been through this before. And Jeff, I might ask you to, kind of, speak to some of the things that we see in the stores relative to items that people worked on repaired following hurricanes and how long that lasts. 
Gregory Henslee: One additional benefit, Brian, is that many the cars that were totaled -- you know, the people that -- whose car was totaled don't buy new cars. Many of -- I would speculate many of our customers that had cars that were totaled and got insurance checks had probably never bought a new car and wouldn't this time. So they're now buying used cars. Matter of fact, the used car market in Houston is robust. There aren't enough used cars down there and there are -- auctions across the U.S. are filling the need for cars in those flooded areas. So as these customers buy these used cars, many times someone with a car that's new to them takes it through a maintenance cycle which is generally good for us. So I think that in 20 -- late 2017, 2018 we stand to have some benefit from those used cars that are new to families that go through a maintenance cycle to become the family car. 
Gregory Henslee: Okay. We put in there some fantastic new stores, and I think you may be surprised to know that one of our largest growth markets is Texas where we have a number of stores and operate in virtually every market. So they are backfill stores and they are even in Houston, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, markets like that. We're constantly evaluating where we might put additional stores. So some of the new stores we open our stores that are reasonably close to existing stores. But we know by the work we do demographically that we're not getting as much business as we could potentially get if we had another store and we justify opening an additional store. On the other hand, many of our new stores are in Florida and the Northeast where we don't have existing stores and those stores where we don't have overlap, we establish our brand and do very well. I was just -- I just attended our new store up in Norwich, Connecticut which was our 5,000th store. I attended that opening. And it's just incredible the number of customers that come in who are thankful we're there, happy we’re there. Enthused about the new store, impressed with the way the store looks. So we do a lot around promotions and putting a great team in the store to get a store off to a good start. And frankly, over the years, we've just got better at it than we were in the past. And today our new store openings outpace what they had a few years ago and we're pleased with the new stores we opened both in backfilled markets and in new store growth markets. 
Gregory Henslee: Yes, that's how we would know, Simeon, it's simply because we know the effect that those regions that were affected what they can -- what effect they can have and did have based on the detail we, obviously, see on the whole company. And we know that that was -- that is not the primary reason of the improvement. Although, we did have -- we have had some rebound in those markets. But there isn't enough scale there to cause us to -- cause effect on the whole company the way that you might be alluding to. 
Gregory Henslee: I agree with you that we should begin seeing in 2018. The 2008 to 2011 cars will be on the tail end of the demand curve and their presence in the population and the number of those cars won't be as impacting on the overall demand in the industry. 
Gregory Henslee: Dan, what I would say is that, having -- been little surprised this year with the softness we experienced. We -- you don't know how years going to play when you do your plan. And Tom and his team do an outstanding job budgeting and forecasting and so forth. But what I would say is, we have much easier compares next year and we've had tough compares for several years in a row now. So I would say that on the tail end of what we would use this air bubble in the view of a population and the easier compares, yes we would expect to have a better comp store sales here next year than what we had this year. And while we haven't done the work for our forecast and set our plan and give guidance yet, I'm hopeful that we will arrive at a point at the end of this year, based on our performance in the fourth quarter, that we have confidence in setting a more aggressive comp store sales plan for next year. 
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think that there is something to that. I think that the shops that do diagnostic work and drivability work that's relatively technical, I think that the dealers are doing a -- have done a better job in the last several years trying to hang on to some of that business, not necessarily because of the revenue profit generated from the repairers, although that's beneficial. But, more so, because they're trying to get the next new car buy.  These people that buy new cars and go through a warranty process where they have warranty work done at the dealer, they try to hang on to them thinking that if there is a new car buyer -- you know, someone is going to buy a new car versus a used car, that they have a better chance of getting that next new car sale if they do a good job from a service standpoint. So I think that some of our competitors depending -- I mean some of our customers depending on how technical of a shop it is, does view the dealers as being a significant competitor. And when it comes to the shops that do primarily under car brake work, alignments, tires, chassis and suspension work relative to alignments and tire ware, I don't think they're nearly as exposed to that and they don't have an issue with the dealers, because the dealers I don't think just do -- they don’t do that much as kind of work.
Gregory Henslee: Yes. Well, yes, we don't want to get into a lot of detail about our comps, specifically by month. But we said that September was the best month of the third quarter and that better trend has continued into the end of the fourth quarter. Although we don't want to sound overly aggressive, because we know we have this tough compare coming in December, we have the headwind from the holiday and the extra Sunday and so forth. But yes, I think that what you're hearing from suppliers would be reasonably accurate about the improvement that's been seen in September and October. And I'm sorry, I forgot the second half of your question.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, the Central and East would be softer than our West. The West Coast and the western half of the country has been our best performing this past quarter.
Gregory Henslee: There's always a few out there that are ready to sell. Some overlap with us, causes valuation to be a problem. But yes, I think the softness in the business causes more of them to be interested in selling than they are in times of robust business.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Well, on commodity pricing, we've -- I'm sure that we are shopped electronically as we shop our competitors just ongoing, and we have seen a little bit of inflation in commodities over time. So, we do see some benefit from that, although it's not material across of the scope of our whole inventory since the majority of our business is hard parts and batteries and things like that. Although we continue to be very aware of how our competitors price and look for every opportunity to adjust our prices where we see an opportunity to do so. On wages, I think we see the same pressures that our competitors see. It's well known throughout the country that several municipalities have their minimum wage set well above the U.S. minimum wage and it's just we work to make sure that our stores are as productive as they can be and Jeff Shaw and his team just do a great job of managing this. Jeff, you might talk a little bit about the productivity things and some of the things we're doing with our drivers from a routing standpoint, things like that, to help drive productivity in our stores, if you'd like.
Gregory Henslee: No, it doesn't, Alan. And just to be -- I'm not sure everyone understands this, but I'm going to say it anyway. What we're talking about is just simply the depressed new car sales during those years and there being fewer of those cars in the ideal sweet spot for selling auto parts, which is if you look across the bell curve of the demand for parts, when that population decreases, it can have an effect. I -- the reason I wouldn't look at it from the perspective you mentioned relative to maybe knowing that's coming and changing our growth is I feel like it's offset pretty significantly by the fact that cars just stay on the road longer. Some of the cars that are older than -- used to be cars that customers just wouldn't invest in because they were nearing their time to go to the scrapyard. That's just not the case as much. So, I think that the effect of this, while it is a factor is somewhat muted by the fact that there are just more cars on the road that are older that are still worthy of significant investment because they're still pretty good cars.
Gregory Henslee: We don't give monthly comp numbers and I tell you, December -- the comp in December was approximately double what it was the two months of the quarter. So, it's a significant step-up. And a lot of the business during December was directly related to real cold weather. It was batteries and other cold winter items that we sold during the period of time that we might replicate this again in December. We'll have to see. If we have a real cold weather, then there should be a lot of batteries out there that are ready to fail and a real cold snap across the country would cause them to fail. So, we'll just have to see. But December was a material step-up last year for us from a comp store sales basis compared to October and November. On the Hispanic customer, we think it's getting better. Jeff, you made some comments earlier that the -- what some of the RMs and DMs have been saying to you. So, we think it's improving. And Jeff, you might have a comment relative to that.
Gregory Henslee: It would just be an absolute guess and I'd rather not put a number on it. It's been a factor. There's been enough discussion about it and the information we get from a company called NPD, who you're probably familiar with, outlines just the general retail demand among the Hispanic customer base and where the Hispanic population is most prevalent in driving retail demand across the country has indicated that it's a factor. But it would be very difficult, if not impossible, for us to put a number on the impact.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Allie. We just like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our continued dedication to customer service in the third quarter and for the year. We look forward to finishing 2017 on a solid note and getting off to a strong start in 2018. I'd like to thank everyone on the call today for attending our call and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter 2017 results in February. Thank you very much.
Jeff Shaw: Sure. I mean, obviously, the big ones would be -- the immediate would be the filters and the fluids and things to kind of get the flooded cars that weren't totaled back in service. Following that, I mean, there's going to be damage to rotating electrical. That's -- we should see a bump in that in the affected markets. It's hard to tell. I mean, we've been through several of these over the years and in those affected regions there will be some post-hurricane demand for some period of time. I don't know exactly when that will play out. 
Jeff Shaw: Yes. I mean, anytime there's low unemployment, I mean, there's going to be wage pressure and these municipalities don't really help things. But when payroll goes up, you've got to manage productivity team member by team member and we do that with various things and we're using more and more technology all the time to try to leverage our team member productivity to keep our SG&A in line. So, it's just same thing we've always fought. I mean, we'll work through it and manage it quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. I mean what we're hearing from some of the heaviest Hispanic markets is the operators feel that it's taking back up. Foot traffic is picking up and some of the professional business is picking back up. So, at this point, it's isolated, but we are hearing some positive comments more than we've heard all year.
