Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call we will discuss our first quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the second quarter and remainder of 2017. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind, everyone, that our comments today contain forward looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: The other thing that I would point out, Chris, is our first quarter is our lightest quarter both from a daily sales volume and the number of stores in the comp base. So as we roll through the year each quarter, especially the second and third quarter count substantially more towards the full year.
Thomas G. McFall: On the question on tender. It's heavily cash and then when we look at cards presented, there are many more debit cards presented than actual credit cards.
Thomas G. McFall: But if we take cash and debit cards, so it's coming straight out of the account. It's significantly higher than that.
Thomas G. McFall: It did not. Leap Day was excluded from our comp calculation last year. So when you look at the 6.1% comp we put up in the first quarter of 2016 that excluded Leap Day. When we talk about the total sales, obviously I denoted those in my script. That rolls into the total sales. And I think as we commented on last year's call, it was about that additional day has a great flow through because so many fixed costs, we don't pay more for the extra day within the month added about $0.05 to EPS last year.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we saw – last year when we look at February, and the tax return timing, we were also very fortunate that weather was very spring-like and we were able to capture quite a bit of that money when people had money in their pocket right away. Weather was beneficial to go out and work on your car which this year it was not, but we didn't quantify the exact number just saying that February was our strongest month last year.
Thomas G. McFall: We would expect to continue to see some bounce back, but the weather factor, a cool winter and a late start to spring as Greg comments, you'll really weight on both sides of the business.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look from a macro standpoint across all our products we continue to expect to have more LIFO pressures. We're going to have a similar number here in the second quarter we saw in the first quarter, those deals have already been inked. Could have come back a little bit from increases in oil, yeah, but we have pretty good visibility going forward. And we'd expect to continue to see in aggregate minor LIFO pressures, again, in the third and fourth quarters built into our guidance.
Thomas G. McFall: That's correct. We still feel like with the comp range that we're anticipating and the SG&A spend we're anticipating and the gross margin. We're going to continue to be in the same operating margin range and don't feel the need to change it.
Thomas G. McFall: When you work through the math of where we are and kind of look at our guidance through the end of the year, we're going to be pressured below the midpoint at this point. Obviously, our goal is to get it back up to the midpoint.
Thomas G. McFall: Yeah, we were looking at – when we started the year we were looking at a LIFO impact between $20 million and $25 million for this year. I'd say based on having a higher first quarter number than we anticipated, which we talked about, we'd be in the higher end of that range.
Gregory L. Henslee: What I would say first about the March to April shift, as spring time gets your DIY customers start to do repairs on their cars more prevalent and some of the damage that was done in the winter they start repairing as they're able to work on their cars outside and so forth. And that's one of the reasons we see the increase. Last year, our best month of the quarter was June, second was April, third was May. So we're comparing and there wasn't that much difference between April and June but June was the best. So we're comparing against a healthy month last year in April. What I would tell you about our first quarter and kind of our progression into second quarter is that looking at our first quarter the damage was done in February. The period of time that we compared against the period last year where the early filers had their tax refund money and they did not this year. Those few weeks there were pretty big declines in our comp store sales, really on a weekly basis some of the biggest I've seen. It just clearly showed us how much difference it makes when you compare a period where lower income consumers have money in their pocket that they didn't have the week before and that was significant. We progressed out of that, kind of hit a weather block in March as some of the markets that are weather sensitive had kind of a late winter. And then the trend we came out of March on was healthy and the trend that we've been on so far in April has continued. There's a little bit of noise in April this year with the misalignment of Easter, but the trend that we've been on makes us feel confident with our ability to achieve the guidance range that we issued of 3% to 5% for both the second quarter and for the full-year, considering that all the fundamentals that we look at relative to miles driven, age of vehicles, unemployment, fuel price stability, things like that, we just reasoned that our industry wouldn't have a reasonably good year. And like I said, the trends that we've seen thus far in April give us confidence in achieving that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, if we just – yeah, there would be some expectation towards the back half of the year that we would generate towards the upper end of that range. But we wouldn't have to generate much towards the upper end of that range to get in the 3% to 5% range for the year. But, yeah, there would have to be some of that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say because we have a displacement of Easter coming into the second quarter. We had an uneven compare between the quarters as to where Easter fell in the years. So what I would say is that – and to quantify that for such a short period of time is a little bit difficult because you don't know what we would have done had we not had Easter this year. But what I would say is, is that we're pleased with the trend we're on and the trend that we're on would lead us to having confidence in achieving the 3% to 5% range for the second quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's correct. Yeah. January was positive. March was the best month of the period. February was negative, which is the first negative month that I remember for a while, but – and it wasn't just a little bit negative. It was a reasonable amount negative due to the two weeks in the middle of the month where the tax refund comparison was significant. And we had a couple of rough weeks there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah, I'll make a few comments, and I think Tom wants to make a couple of comments. Our typical DIY consumer would be a lower income consumer who is driven to work on their own cars out of economic necessity. They're typically – we target generally speaking in our advertising efforts males from the age of 18 to 54 because they're typically the most driven to work on their own cars and try to do things that some may not try to do when it comes to DIY repair. But typically they're incentivized to work on their own car because of economic need and they're trying to avoid paying labor to shop to do so. And Tom, you may have something to...
Gregory L. Henslee: No, Alan, there's not been anything happen that would cause us to think that. As a matter of fact and really more because of the noise that has been generated with some of the analyst's reports and so forth. And I totally understand it relative to the disruption that some of the online retailers have caused with other brick-and-mortar retailers. I've spent some time talking to some of our supplier principals who might sell online retailers, which we obviously don't care for that that much. But still some of them that make sense for them to sell online retailers and work to protect the price at which the products are sold and so forth. But, and I think – I've known a lot of these guys for a long time and I have every reason to believe that they would shoot me straight relative to the amount of volume they do with some of these online retailers. I think that most of you would be really disappointed to hear what some of the suppliers that you might think would be major suppliers to online retailers, the amount of volume they're actually doing. And that volume is not on a ramp up that I think some of the commentary would lead people to believe. So while I – there's obviously products, especially accessories and some of the more ancillary products that go on cars, there's obviously a marketplace online that will serve them. But for the majority of our business in hard parts, I don't feel like that we're exposed much to online retailers and I don't see that changing in the short-term.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think generally speaking, across our business we saw the pressure from the milder winter which would not drive demand for the winter sensitive products, and then the late tax refunds during those weeks in February where that was comparison issues.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah, I think we're doing a good job with them. We have got a team just like our competitors do that focuses on developing relationships and establishing purchasing relationships with those guys and, yeah, we feel like we're doing well. We feel like we're gaining market share on that side of the business. Some of it you want and obviously some of it our competitors want worse and they might sell them at a price that we might not be willing to. But in many cases we're able to get the business. And long-term the people that run the individual shops are looking for the best service providers. So I think that more often than not we win on service but you first have to have a relationship with the company that enables the systems to be integrated for ease and processing transactions at the shop. And we've gained some market share there the last couple of years and would expect over the next few years as we become more national by having a significant presence in the Northeast that we'll do better with those types of businesses.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Simeon, what I would say is just that the things that in the past we've looked at that have been drivers of demand or have been detractors from demand. Those fundamental factors are positive right now. And so all the things that we would look at that would indicate industry demand should be healthier, maybe not so healthy, they're all healthy right now. So I think that we have to feel like that generally speaking demand this year would be reasonably good. Now, that's not to say that our crystal ball is any better than yours, but we have been in this business a long time and have seen the ups and downs with the different vehicle population, gas prices, miles driven, things like that. And all those things are positive, indicating that demand should be good. So while there's no question that there could be some benefit to deferred maintenance and repairs from maybe the March weather and so forth that could have pushed business into late March or early April. It's hard for us not to feel like the fundamental drivers of demand in our business are very positive and we would expect the year for our industry to be a reasonably positive year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah, I mean, we're – in most markets we're into spring time and we're starting to see the DIY maintenance type business that you would see and the shops are busier. We work very close with many of the shops that we partner with, and the shops businesses are picking up as they do every spring. And so yeah, we're seeing more typical spring time demand, early spring time demand as we would see every spring right now.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah. Greg, you may have a comment on that just from a supplier pricing standpoint, and then Tom, you can speak to it from a raw inflation standpoint.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, yeah, I mean, we definitely had disparity on our regional performance. What we would say is that the markets that we would consider to be weather affected versus the markets that would be maybe not weather affected. And that's not a clear line, but we do our best to draw that line. That difference will be just slightly less of 400 basis points of difference. What I would tell you is that in the first quarter, our Western stores performed materially better than the East Coast stores relative to that because the East Coast stores are, obviously, more sensitive to weather and the West Coast stores less. Although for some period of time in the West, they had torrential rains that were impacting the business. I think we would have done a lot better out West if it hadn't been for the significant rainstorms that they had. But still even with that the West performed better than the East and the North of course.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're happy with them. I would say that they're comparable from just a sales cadence standpoint to the stores that we have in the Northeast that have been somewhat weather affected, but yeah, we're happy with them. They're great teams at those stores. They're going to do much better with our inventory assortment and availability of our Devens distribution center inventory mix, which is a substantial increase in SKU count from what they were supplied by before. So, yeah, we're happy with them and we think they should continue to do well. The conversion just took place last weekend so they now have all of the availability tools that we will ultimately provide them and as they get used to that and trained in using those we would expect this to be a great summer and fall for them.
Gregory L. Henslee: What I would tell you, Dan, is that there's not a day goes by that I don't have a conversation with someone hear about something, I think, could improve. And the job that Greg and Jeff and Tom and the rest our executive team do is that same way. We're very critical of ourselves. So what I would tell you is that we always feel like that we have opportunities to improve but there's been nothing changed relative to the opportunities that we have to improve relative to what we see at our competitors and the gap that should exist as a result of that. So I think my answer is no there's been no significant change and I wouldn't reflect our underperformance on comps in the first quarter to anything company specific here, although we always see opportunities to improve. We spend a week every year gathering input from our field as to the things that they feel like we can improve on and the competitive pressures that they might feel, and then we bring all of our executives together every year and come up with solutions to those and put a plan in place, and how we're going to resolve and correct those things. And it's just been a focus from way back when they were a private company and the family owned the business they did that, and we've continue to do that as a publicly traded company. And we feel like it serves us well. So do we have our opportunities? You bet we do. Do we feel like we're the best in the industry at what we do? Yeah we do. I think what we do is pretty incredible and I don't think there's been anything changed on that front.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah. Matt, this is Greg. From a B2B standpoint, we call our product First Call Online, which as you may know a lot of our Professional businesses done under the name of First Call for the most part. That business is awesome. We've do a – we've done an incredible job for a long time incentivizing and getting use from our professional customers of our B2B platform, which can work as a browser based product or it can be and is integrated in with many of the shop management systems. And a lot of our orders come from our customers via that platform and that's a growing platform that we'll continue to grow as we continue to enhance it with better features and benefits as we move forward. On the DIY side, we have a substantial business but we feel like we could do better. And we've got a lot of work underway right now to re-platform both our website and our mobile site to do some things that we would like it to do that we think would be more customer friendly. As online retail has been talked about, it's hard for us not to think that we would be – if customers are going to buy wiper blades, for instance, or an accessory, or something like that, that we might stock or have available from someone online. I mean, who better to buy it from with the 27 distribution centers across the country that know these products and can help them with these products. So we've got a substantial effort underway right now to improve our B2C business. And like I said, we have business, it's a nice business, but we feel like we could do more than what we are doing. And more than anything we view ourselves as building an omni-channel business, so that our customers when they go on our website or our mobile site see the same O'Reilly Auto Parts that they would see if they walked into one of our stores. So that's a significant project for us right now. And when I talk about the strategic goals that we have for the year that we set each year that I mentioned in response to one of the questions a moment ago that's one of our strategic goals. I think that if you look at our site a year from now you would be impressed with what it looks like then as compared to what it looks like now. And now it's pretty good, but I think it can be a lot better.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay, thanks, Victoria. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for their diligent customer service in the first quarter. We remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share for the remainder of 2017. I would like to thank, everyone, for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2017 second quarter results in July. Thank you.
