Tom McFall: Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today’s conference call, we’ll discuss our fourth quarter 2021 results and our full year outlook for 2022. After our prepared comments, we’ll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I’d like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Tom McFall: Chris, to address your second part of your question, you’re absolutely right. In many cases, due to the significant inflation – same-SKU inflation, it varies across product line. In many cases, this isn’t reducing The Street price. It’s just not taking that acquisition increase to The Street in price.
Tom McFall: Well, Chris, this is Tom. I’m going to start with the answer. So you know that the answer is going to be we’re not going to give that. But I really want to make sure that – we’re talking about a broad pricing strategy. We don’t communicate the details of our pricing strategy. A lot of science, a lot of work goes into it, a lot of history. So we’re not going to get down into the details of what the program is. But in general, I’ll turn it over to Brad for his comments.
Tom McFall: The thing that I’d point to, Bret, is we have a wide range of competitors, and Brad touched on them earlier. Some compete solely on price. A lot of specialty one-line suppliers, they get business by being absolutely the lowest price, and that’s not our business model. So when we say we’re going to be more, we’re going to be within a competitive range. Obviously, it depends on how expensive the part is. If it’s $1 part, you’re $1 over, that’s a heck of a lot. If you’re $1 over and it’s a $100 part, that’s a different thing. And what we got to remember is the biggest cost for professional installers is they’re lat. And that ability to turn those bays is what turns their profit. So we want to make sure that we’re pricing holistically for the quality of the product, the availability of the product, the team that we offer, services that we offer. So we look at it in aggregate. But there is always going to be someone, and we talked about it in our prepared comments, who’ll be the lowest price. And if that’s how you sustain your business, if somebody comes along, decides to drop the price, you’re going to be in trouble. And we want to have a relationship and a partnership with our professional shops that help them make money over the long-term.
Tom McFall: So five to seven – that mid-single digit within the five to seven was specifically for the DIY side of the business, and we would expect it to be sure on the ticket count there. Because of the price – the professional price initiative, we won’t see as robust an increase in same-SKU inflation on the professional side. So we need to generate a meaningful increase in average ticket on the professional side, so that – your numbers are right, but that was just for the DIY side.
Tom McFall: So Greg, you’ve picked up on a good point. Part of it is going to be just a mix shift. As professional grows faster than DIY because they’re buying on volume, the gross margin is lower. We also have the benefit of the supply chain. I would tell you that the professional pricing is larger than LIFO, but we’re not going to get into parsing out because the next we’ll be talking about our distribution costs, and that’s something we just don’t do.
Tom McFall: That’s correct, Michael. We can – obviously, our competitors are going to do what they do with their price. I think we just want to stress that we are not setting the low market price here. So it’s not as if competitors that are winning business on price alone are not going to still be the lowest.
Tom McFall: This is Tom. Let me take a shot at that one. So when we talk about 8% increase, we don’t have – and we talked about it for the last seven quarters, we’re not sitting on as much inventory as we would normally sit on because of supply constraints and because of the high volume. So part of it is to get back to where we normally would be. And part of it – these initiatives go back to our 2020 guidance. And I guess it would be the end of 2019 fourth quarter call where we had a plan to add to the hub-and-spoke network. So it’s a combination of those two items. When we look at how fast we can roll this inventory in, everybody in this room and everybody on our team would like to have it tomorrow. The question is, how fast can suppliers supply it? How fast can we push it through the distribution network? So this is, as Brent said earlier today, and he can add to this, this is going to be an all-year project. We’re going to move a lot of units.
Tom McFall: That’s an interesting question, Michael. I think what we look at is when we look at inflation, what we’re going to anniversary in same-SKU inflation, I think that’s a pretty reasonable number for the industry. I think we’ll be pressured more on the DIY side. Professional will continue to grow faster, more resilience to those price increases. Of course, we build our plan from product line and store up, and it’s really independent of what the market is going to do. But our expectation is – as you know, has always been that we are going to grow faster than the market.
Tom McFall: Okay. So there are a lot of puts and takes within what we think is going to happen with the business, both on the DIY and the professional side of the business. And we are confident that when we look at our gross margin dollars that this is going to be a winner for us. And we’ve rolled it out here in February, and we are very optimistic it’s going to exceed our expectations.
Tom McFall: Well, the thing, I guess, I would point out is that percents are nice and dollars pay the bills. So I did see a note where in 2014, the gross margin percent was the same. But I would say that we’re about 98% more gross margin dollars, which is $3.5 billion. At the end of the day, we’re trying to figure out how we build a sustainable business that generates increasing operating profit dollars year-over-year. And we think that this initiative continues to move us in that direction. And after the number exercises, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Tom McFall: What I would add to that is we’ve seen pretty significant price increases. And to the extent when we look historically, when that’s happened, DIY, especially on the lower end, we faced headwinds on customer transaction counts. And we anticipate some of that this year and have built that into the forecast.
Tom McFall: So I think in our prepared comments, our math is around 2.5% increase. Last year, we were significantly above that, and sales were significantly above that. As Brad talked about in his prepared comments, we manage our SG&A at a micro level, especially store payroll, which is our biggest variable expense, to make sure that we’re taking opportunities to gain share but not getting out over our skis. So this is based on the sales forecast. To the extent that we exceed the sales forecast, it will be higher than this. To the extent we are less than the sales forecast, you better believe it will be less than this. So more of a normal – actually, higher than our normal run rate because our comp guide’s higher than our run rate. On the SG&A efficiencies, eight, nine years ago, we used to talk a lot about our initiatives, then they seem to become other people’s initiatives. So we tend not to go into detail on those.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hi, good morning, Scot. I would just really echo what Greg said, Scot, in terms of you as well as anybody on the call knows how fragmented the DIFM side of the business is. And you know how really little share when you add up us and our public competitors on the – really the addressable DIFM share in the United States is still very small. And so I would just reiterate really what you said and what Greg said that it’s so important for us to convey that this is not a change in terms of our focus. We have built our company on service. We have built our company on relationships. And as you know, we built our company on the professional customer, and retail came later. And so this is not abandoning all the things that got us where we are and the things that are going to get us into the future. To your point on the timing of it, Greg had some great comments there. And the other thing I would say, Scot, is with everything that our industry and really everybody in the world has been through the last couple of years, especially our professional customers. Whether it be a shade tree mechanic to an independent garage to the national and regional accounts, we have not backed off of being out there, calling on them, meaning actually visiting their shops day in, day out, week in, week out. And an opportunity that we saw the last couple of years is our shops are telling us, I mean, our service is where it needs to be. Our teams in the stores, everything that you know we’ve done with inventory availability. And when it comes to the independents out there and the two-step-type model competitors as well as some of the specialty-type competitors that maybe just focused on a couple of categories, we just simply see an opportunity from our sales team and in the field to go out and with a rifle approach, target those areas; and with existing customers that may be buying a certain amount from us, maybe buying a certain amount from an independent in another amount from a true specialty company, consolidating that customer and truly getting a first and only call, and we feel very good about that.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Chris, I think what’s important to talk about here is this isn’t a, again, new strategy or initiative that’s focused on one customer group. Again, this is going to – this is our commitment to everybody from the Shade Tree to the independent garages to the regional players to the national accounts. And Chris, as you know, we still have a gap in footprint in a part of the – Northeast part of the country that keeps us from really being the first call for some of the national guys from a matchup standpoint. But what I would say, again, to remember is that while we have new opportunity for new customers always, one of the things that we really like about this is our existing customers that are buying a piece from us, maybe a piece from our public competitors, a really big piece from the independents and then another piece of their monthly purchases from a specialty company. And we’re already delivering to these shops. In some cases, we’re delivering part of the job that maybe they had to get another item from somewhere else. And so we just see tremendous opportunity. And our customers are telling us that with our inventory availability, our service, our people, if we can make some adjustments there, we really have a huge opportunity to turn into the first and only call for those garages.
Brad Beckham: Hey Mike, this is Brad. I’ll jump in there and see what Greg and Tom have to say about it. But on – I’ll answer the share question. And on the share, it’s hard a little bit to always tell exactly where it’s coming from. But I would say that what we’re seeing, it’s more from the – more of the mid-tier, maybe the mediocre or maybe the weaker, independent competitors that have struggled the last couple of years with supply and things like that. Mike, as you know, as good as anybody, I mean, we have tremendous public competitors that we have the utmost respect for and then we have these regional competitors that are the strong, strong independent two-step-type competitors that not too long ago, we were in the Ozarks and kind of our old part of the company. But I would just say on the share that we’re seeing a lot of different things, but the majority of the opportunity we see is with the smaller independents and the ones that have struggled the last couple of years.
Greg Johnson: And Scot, just on your second part of your question, I want to reiterate that this is a targeted approach. This is a very scientific approach we’re taking. This is not across the board. This price enhancement was done by category, by SKU. And we still feel like that based on our performance, our supply chain strength, that we can still charge a premium to our professional customers. So we do not feel like this is a race to the bottom. We do not feel like we are low-balling cost. We’re just getting competitive with some of our competitors out there in the market to take additional market share.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Chris. On the first, we absolutely feel like that this makes us competitive in the marketplace. And as far as lowering, again, we are not doing this to be the lowest price in the marketplace. We feel like that there is tremendous value in the services that we provide and the relationships. You have to remember the professional customer, while price is important, we’re not seeing price is not important, what’s more important to that professional customer is the relationship we have with them, the inventory availability that we have and our consistent performance and ability to get that part to them timely so they can complete the jobs they’re working on. Our professional customers will always prioritize that over price, again, assuming that we’re competitive on price. So we feel like this move will enable us to take additional market share both from existing customers and gain market share from customers we may not be getting business from today.
Greg Johnson: No. Bret, we still feel like we can be priced at a higher price point than our competitors based on the services we provide, which has been our historic stance on this. Tom, did you…
Greg Johnson: Yes. Mike, on what the reaction would be, I can tell you based on the test that we were in, in multiple markets before rolling this out, the reaction was obviously favorable or we wouldn’t have rolled it out company-wide.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Again, Chris, this is not a new strategy. It’s something we’ve had planned for a couple of years, but supply chain constraints and the volumes we pushed through our DCs in the last couple of years have just prohibited us from getting this inventory rolled out.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael. We don’t have any planned initiatives like this beyond this year. That said, as I said earlier, our pricing team consistently day in and day out looks at pricing in the marketplace. And we tweak the SKU up, the SKU down just to optimize our margin. So there’s always changes in our pricing structure both – on both sides of our business, but we don’t anticipate future larger-scale price reductions like this.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Daniel, we call that out as we often do because historically, we’ve seen those changes to that lower-income consumer being one of the first things they do. We have not. We have not seen any signs of our DIY or our professional customers for that matter trading down or deferring maintenance at this point.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, James. We’d like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O’Reilly team once again for their unwavering commitment to our customers and for their incredible performance in 2021. We look forward to another strong year in 2022. I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2022 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
