Thomas McFall: Thank you, Adrian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2021 results and our updated outlook for the full-year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain Forward-Looking Statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for Forward-Looking Statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from any Forward-Looking Statements due to several important factors described in the Company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas McFall: Well, Zach, there is a lot of moving pieces in margin right now as prices have gone up dramatically in a short period of time. To answer your first question, ex-LIFO would that have been the margin. I think that because we have product that we purchased at a lower cost, it allows us to maybe be a little more prudent in the timing of raising prices and doing that in a smart way with our customers to make sure that we don't have a shock value. So I'm not sure that I would say that, that is how - absent that ability to leverage that benefit that we may have run prices through a little bit different, not saying we are not going to eventually run all the prices through. The second I might tell you is that when we look at our gross margin, we had a big LIFO benefit, but we also had a similar headwind from distribution. So over time, we will balance those. We feel like we have been pretty consistent in the gross margin percentage we have run over time. Obviously, since over the last 10-years since we purchased CSK and worked on a lot of outsourcing - I'm sorry, sourcing to the most economical countries in private label, we have increased our gross margin substantially over that period. But over the last couple of years, it is been pretty consistent. And although we are not going to guidance on this call for next year, we wouldn't anticipate dramatic changes in our overall gross margin.
Thomas McFall: Well, we would expect it to be a strong number again in the fourth quarter. Optimistic that some of the supply chain items will write themselves, but we will have more view on that on our fourth quarter call for next year.
Thomas McFall: Greg, just for clarification. The prepared comments on were related to the third quarter of 2021, where we let 344 basis points. That is not the right SG&A leverage - level for the company long term. We said that then, and we are back more in SG&A spend that is appropriate for the sales we are generating.
Thomas McFall: Given the comp levels that we are at, yes. We are a multi-unit specialty retailer with a high fixed cost base, and we are able to generate exceptionally high sales volumes and increases, we see great leverage.
Thomas McFall: Well, we have a long-term trend of increasing average ticket as the technology and complexity of parts on newer vehicles become more expensive, and that trend has continued.
Thomas McFall: Got you. In the previous question, I commented that the LIFO benefit and the distribution headwinds were similar. And on the second question, when we look at our distribution centers. They are primarily a variable cost item. There is some leverage from having higher volumes to a point, and I think Greg talked about that on the last call in this call, if we get too much volume within our system, we end up with inefficiencies. So and the other part I would add to that is we are already one of the major suppliers of auto parts. So increased volumes don't necessarily mean a lower cost in the products we purchase at this point in our Company’s life cycle.
Thomas McFall: Well, so when we look at our store DC growth, just getting some of the work done has been a challenge. We look at updating our over-the-road truck fleet and our store fleet to more fuel-efficient vehicles with safety features. That was a big initiative this year, obviously, getting new small, like cars and trucks have been tough this year. Some of our store development isn't quite as far ahead as we would like, there are supply chain issues within construction materials and there is a lot of construction going on. So those are the general items that have been pushed into next year.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Brian. What I would tell you is we have not seen any significant movement thus far. We called that out as a possibility going forward if fuel prices continue to rise and continue to be challenges within the general economy. But so far, we haven't. What might happen or what has happened historically during times where consumer spending drops off to a degree as consumers may defer things like oil changes out beyond their normal oil change intervals or trade down the value spectrum. We really haven't seen that. Over the last several quarters, we have really done a nice job of promoting some of our proprietary branded products. And we have seen a shift to some of those proprietary brands like, for example, SYNTEC motor oil. And what we have seen is those shifts are more related to us promoting those products than a shift downward in buying habits. Those are really planned shifts. But I would say unpredicted shifts or surprises, we have not seen those thus far.
Gregory Johnson: And Brian, one more additional thing. I think part of the growth we are seeing is we are taking some market share. I said that in our prepared comments and you look at industry reporting on our performance across the board against the remainder of market, we continue to outperform in most categories. And I think that we are taking market share. And I think as challenged as our supply chain has been, as large of a company as we are in the buying power that we represent, I have to think that some of these smaller companies are having more supply chain challenges perhaps than we are, which is supporting our market share gains.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Zach, this is Greg. I will take this one. I don't think we are near the end of this, unfortunately. Obviously, the backlog, you watch the news, the backlog of ships in China, at port in the U.S., various ports in the U.S. and on the water continues to be pressured and challenged. When you talk about our supply chain, you have to think about it sequentially. And really, the pressure started in the DC just based on the sheer volumes that they've experienced over the past several quarters. And to compound that, those volumes came at a time where the supply and demand of human capital was way out of balance. And it is very, very difficult, as everyone knows, to hire in the environment that we have been in the last several months or past few quarters. Now we have seen some improvement since some of the government stimulus and unemployment benefits have subsided but we are still having some challenges staffing up in some of our DCs. The good news is, from a DC perspective, we are showing continued improvement, and our DCs are getting caught up and we are working hard to make sure we are positioned to be prepared for future growth in 2022 and make sure that our staffing levels are adequate and we are working on continued productivity gains and get our distribution costs more in line with where they were. So that was really the initial component of the supply chain crisis, but then you compound that with increased freight charges, I think most everyone has heard the variation in container shipping cost from as low as $3,000 in 2021 up to recently as high as $18,000 to $20,000 per container equivalent and that has been a challenge. And then just everything that we face seems to compound. Now there is rationing of electricity in China. So all these things have compounded the issues and the timing has been a challenge the way these things have layered on. What I will tell you is that we, from a distribution perspective, we are in much better shape than we were this time last quarter as recently as then. From a supply chain perspective, we continue to work on - our strategy is to have multiple suppliers for most of our major product categories to mitigate any risk, and we are leveraging current suppliers and additional suppliers in order to try to get product. And we are seeing improvement on product flow, but it is still a lot longer tail from order to delivery than what it typically is.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Simeon, that is a great question. I wish I had a great crystal ball answer for you. I mean, I think that first of all, this year, when we started the year, we projected flat to negative comps. We certainly didn't expect for our comp growth to continue to be as strong as they have been in 2022. Considering that a lot of the stimulus and benefits have subsided and our sales have remained strong. Our expectation would be for the aftermarket as a whole to continue to perform well going forward. And we will certainly continue to be a consolidator and continue to try to grow our market share going forward as well.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I guess I would better answer that one because it sounds like a math question. We kept the 2% full-year guidance range because that is what we had given all year and at 10% to 12%. So the math for what the variability for the fourth quarter needs to be to reach those is pretty extensive. So we will have to look at whether we want to do that next year, tighten the range. I would say the math for us works out a little different that it works out 1% to 9%. Obviously, we don't anticipate that side of a range of outcomes.
Gregory Johnson: The implied range is 1% to 9%. The range was unintended. It was more based on continuing - giving annual guidance in the same fashion we gave it in the first 3 quarters.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Bret. I mean some of the categories we talked about last quarter, we are still having challenges with. Maybe some of those challenges have changed or evolved. Some of those challenges may have been labor-related for domestic suppliers last quarter and it is transitioned more to raw material or component challenges now coming from China. But our suppliers, as a whole, are doing a good job. We have got some suppliers, especially those with products coming out of China that continue to struggle. Another challenge, and I keep sounding like a broken record here of all the woes and challenges we are facing. But it has been the most challenging supply chain year in my 40-year career in the industry is on top of everything else, some of the things we haven't talked about was simple things that you might not consider like the freeze in Houston earlier this year that is impacted the production of plastic bottles and additives for oil. And some of those things still linger within the industry. So some of the issues have subsided or lessened. Some of them have become more material. So I think on a category-by-category basis, supplier-by-supplier, as a whole. We are starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. It is just how much further is the track to get us to that light what we are trying to determine now.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Adrian. We would like to conclude our call today by again thanking the 80,000 team members of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to our ongoing success. You have proven time and time again that the relentless focus on providing consistent, excellent customer service is the key to long-term profitable growth. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter earnings and full-year results in February. Thank you.
