Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2014 results, our outlook for the remainder of the year, and after our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we still have quite a bit of cash on hand. As we talked about in our comments, our AP to inventory ratio has exceeded our expectations this year, and our goal is to run with minimal cash on the balance sheet. We continue to deploy that cash against new DCs and new stores and to the expense we have extra to buy back shares in a prudent manner. So until we have used up the cash in our balance sheet, I would expect us not to look to add more leverages. We don't want to pay for the negative carry cost.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at a rising interest rate environment, that's the same for everyone, but to the extent that, that happens, we look at vendor supply financing. It's really that incremental rate and access to capital earlier. To the extent that interest rates go up, we would expect to see inflation in the acquisition cost and the retail cost of our items. So really, when we look at vendor financing, it's centered around what's that incremental spread over LIBOR.
Thomas G. McFall: What we see in the fourth quarter is it's our most valid total quarter. It's the most weather-susceptible. People are making the choice to spend their dollars on holidays, and to the extent that they can defer maintenance, they will. Luckily, for us, it's also the lowest volume quarter on a daily basis. So although it's great to have lower gas prices than we had in the third quarter, we wouldn't expect in this quarter to have a huge impact. To the extent that they stay around this number for multiple quarters, we would expect to see a year-over-year advantage in 2015.
Thomas G. McFall: What I would add to that, Dan, is, in the beginning of July, we didn't see much heat in air-conditioning and air-conditioning-related products, our big seller during that period. And although the undercar business was very similar throughout the quarter and strong, that lowered temperatures, and less of that seasonal business made the beginning of July slightly softer.
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, what I would comment on is, the 2014 has been a much better year than 2012. If we look back at 2012, we had a very, very mild winter. And we saw demand for -- in our industry be soft through the third quarter, so I think this is the opposite of that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Chris, it's really hard to know. We -- we're -- when we opened our stores every day, we're out building demand by calling on customers, and we're waiting for demand for DIY customers who walk in our store driven by marketing and advertising, to some degree. The best way for us to look at it is just the types of sales we make, what products are selling best and those kinds of things. And I can tell you that many of our hard parts categories, many of which would be subject to the extreme winter that we had, undercar parts, ride control, chassis, brake parts, to some degree, that those categories done well. At the same time, some of our maintenance categories, motor oils, filters, stuff like that, where people are just maintaining their cars, they did well also. So it's really a hard thing to quantify. The vehicle population continues to age, so we're at record levels now. So it's a little bit of an unknown as to what types of parts will have the most demand as vehicles go through their second round of major maintenance or third round of major maintenance or whatever it is, but we know it has some positive effect. It's just hard for us to quantify.
Gregory L. Henslee: We would not be able to say that. As I would -- it would be really be hard for us to say that a big portion of the improvement in business we've seen this year is related to that. We just speculate that based on the types of sales we make and the sales that we make by category.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we focus on both. Of course, payable terms has been a significant initiative of ours over the past 5 years or so, especially post-CSK. But at the same time, as our company grew as much as it did with the CSK acquisition, we expect it to be looked at a little bit differently by some of our suppliers. We're very fortunate to be a company that has strong partnerships with many of our best suppliers, and I feel like, and I hope, that we're a preferred customer for those suppliers. And I think for that reason, we're in a good position to negotiate well on both fronts. In a rising interest rate environment, of course, that changes suppliers' cost when it comes to doing business with us, if they're making their money on a factoring program, and if we're ever in that environment, then we'll, of course, weigh that in those negotiations. But right now, I would say we weigh both as important factors. And with each vendor, it's a different type of negotiation, but we don't really lean one way or the other right now.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, Gary, the kind of the -- the kind of way we look at this is that -- and we've looked at it for -- this way for a long time, even back in my young days with the company, one of the first positions I came in to, when I came to the corporate office, it was in our inventory management department. We have always looked at the parts that we deploy in our stores and our distribution centers based on the vehicles that are being driven in each market. And I think we were one of the first adapters of using vehicle population as a means of deploying inventory. So as import cars have become more prevalent, we have focused our efforts on making sure that we have the parts that -- if the cars are being driven, and to the extent that there's a brand or product-type preference by the individuals that are using those parts, we make sure that the products that we carry are appropriate. And that's why our -- the private label line that we now have, that covers more of the international car part, is -- has done as well as it has, and we'll continue to expand that. And because we have such a strong distribution network and because we've kind of always have done it this way, our sales team is just kind of geared to speak to both a specialist on import cars, a specialist on domestic cars, and really, today, they're more mixed than ever. Although there is a population of shops who specialize in import cars that sometimes like to use more OE-type parts, and we're gearing our import direct line to better fit those types of shops.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It's the sum of all the things you mentioned. Our -- the number of items per ticket, we've not seen a significant swing in that. Probably what I would lean on most is what I said on my prepared comments, and that is that as we continue to see a vehicle population that is a little more complex, uses more technology, the vehicle repairs cost a little more. And while the -- on a SKU-by-SKU basis, we don't see inflation in what are part cost this year versus what it cost last year and what it sells for, we are seeing the demand for parts that cost a little more, be a little higher in these undercar repairs that are typically the result of both higher-mileage vehicles and also vehicles that have weathered a rough winter at these higher mileages. Those are good drivers of ticket average, and we continue to see a little uptick in our ticket average. Of course, the do-it-for-me side of the business is a higher ticket average than the DIY side of our business, primarily for that reason because most of those repairs are not light repairs. They're repairs that are more heavy repairs, and the DIY customers tend to focus on repairs that are typically more light-type repairs.
Gregory L. Henslee: On our loyalty program, we continue to be very happy with it. It's based on the analysis that we do. Those customers are very loyal customers. They -- their ticket average is higher, and so we're very happy with those customers. We think -- I haven't got an update in a couple of weeks, but I think we're probably around 9 million customers that are signed up for that program now and actively using it. So we're very pleased with it, and I would say that it's a contributor to our DIY business' growth. On the -- whether the -- our results or the results of just the industry dynamics or the market share gains, I'd say it's a little bit of both. It's really hard to speak to why our comps are better than some of our competitors, but I would say that we worked hard to make that happen. It's kind of -- every day when Jeff and his guys are out on a street, making sales calls and we're competing with all the guys that we compete with, we very respectfully try to get a little more market than they do. So to the degree that we're successful at that, we're very happy with that, but I think at the same time, feel like we're in a very solid industry, one that is growing at a steady pace, and one that offers all of us good opportunity to grow our business. And just like they are, we're out there every day trying to take as much market share as we can. And we're very fortunate to have -- had the success that we've had.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the thing I think is the biggest driver of our DIY success, I feel like, it's very sustainable because it is our people and it's the service that we provide. And it's been the initiatives that we've put in place over the last 2 or 3 years to be a little more aggressive when it comes to the light services that we provide for our DIY customers that walk in our stores. As we've talked about in the past, we've always been very careful not to intrude on the businesses for our most important customers, which are our professional customers. But as we realized that many DIY customers or these light jobs that they're going to do, like a battery or wiper blades or a tail light bulb or something like that, that they're simply not going to take their vehicles to a shop to do those things. And that some of our competitors were quickly providing those services in their parking lot, and we decided that -- let's do some of those things, too. And I think that to the degree that we have very, very good and knowledgeable professional parts people on our stores, we're pretty good at that stuff. And as we've kind of allowed them to be a little more focused on those kinds of services, it's played out very well for us in the DIY growth side. So I would say that service, #1; I'd say product availability, I put that right there, 2. Our distribution network and our hub store network and the number of drops in stores in metro areas get each day from either a hub store or a distribution center is very powerful. If you're a DIY customer and you walk into one of our stores, and we don't have something in our 24,000 SKUs mix at an average store to have double or 3x those SKUs available in our hub store, and 5x, 6x, 7x those SKUs available from a distribution center is a big deal. Having the parts sometimes makes all the difference, and being able to get it to the customers' hand the quickest makes a lot of difference. And I'd say those things would be what I would -- they're the most important.
Gregory L. Henslee: Both DIY and DIFM were pretty comparable throughout the period. The period started at just -- it was very steady week-to-week, so I don't want to make this seem as though there was any dips or soft spots because there really wasn't. But it did start out a little bit softer than when it ended. The best part of the quarter was on the end, and the weakest part was on the beginning, but the differences there were not very significant.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, as has historically been the case, when we open a new store, we typically perform a little better to start on the DIY side than we do the do-it-for-me side as we -- to gain credibility and just kind of establish ourselves as a worthy provider and some of our newer markets. And I'll mention the Southeast, for instance, because I'd rather not talk about all the markets that we do well in. And we think -- we focus on trying to get all of our new stores off to a good start. But in the Southeast, for instance, where we've built a really strong team of professionals that are very capable of servicing the do-it-for-me market. They know the lingo. They know the parts. Our do-it-for-me business has started off quicker in those markets than they historically have in our new stores. As far as who the market share comes from, it's everyone that's in the do-it-for-me business there, to some degree. There's no -- I don't feel like that we take business away from one competitor more than others, and many times, we don't know for sure who all a shop is buying parts from because almost never do you exclusively have all the shops' parts business. It's usually shared between multiple suppliers, to some degree. And of course, we all try to get all of their business, but that -- none of us are very successful at actually getting 100% all the time. But everyone is doing business down there. Some of our toughest competitors these days are 2-step undercar warehouses that focus just on the do-it-for-me side, have good people run their locations and have good access to inventory, good brands, high-quality products, solid pricing, all those things. So those companies are companies that we feel like we take business from, but then also the -- our publicly traded competitors who do so well, also, we feel like that in new markets, we are happy to be able to share business with them as we open a new store and establish ourselves as a worthy provider.
Gregory L. Henslee: Let me make a comment, and I'll let Tom and he'll comment, too. What I would say is that we've been through a lot of tough winters, and this is my -- I'll be here 30 years in November. And there's been a lot of hard winters, and we've had good business following those. I've never -- I don't remember a tough winter that we talked about as much as we have this year. And I'm not really sure what's driven that other than the fact that, I guess, maybe those of us that report publicly have mentioned enough times that we've drawn a lot of attention to it. What I would say is that some portion of our comp store sales results and the success that we're having is related to the fact that we've had some -- a tough winter and that helps business. I think probably a bigger driver of demand these days is just the fact that vehicles are staying on the road longer, and the good drive trains, the better bodies, the lack of rust, the better interiors make cars more comfortable and make consumers more willing to drive them at higher mileages. And I feel like that's at least as big of a contributor. But I know that the extreme weather is also a contributor, but yes, that's really about the extent of my analysis on that because we really just don't have good information to put me in a position where I could say anything different. But I think Tom might have some comments, too.
Gregory L. Henslee: And just as we do every year, Alan, we expect a seasonal decline in business, and we staff our stores appropriately. During the summer time, we've been pretty aggressive making sure as Jeff said our service levels are high and that we were in the best position possible to gain market share in a relatively robust market. This -- the fact that we're in a seasonal decline now is not something that's unforeseen, and we're in the process now of gearing our stores and making sure our schedules are set to reflect a -- this expected decline in business, and that's the reason for the 3% SG&A increased forecast for the year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think I would say this, Michael. You make a lot of choices in a business our size relative to what the opportunities are, kind of the way you go to market. And in this case where we are in -- we feel like in a period of a significant growth, and we're having a lot of success with some of the initiatives that we have underway now, we're putting -- trying to put ourselves in the best position possible to continue to gain market share. Could we run our stores at a lower payroll than we run it today? Yes, we could. And could we do so and generate the comp store sales that we're currently generating? I don't know. I don't think we could or we would be doing that. So to some degree, it's really our own initiatives that are driving that. But at the same time, we know we have opportunity to better manage overtime, to better manage our schedules, to optimize how we staff our stores and that we staff for the right -- for traffic on the both sides of the business at the right time and things like that. So there's always opportunity, but it's really -- there's nothing happening that we are not seeing coming and planning for. And really, what I would say is that what we're doing right now is driven by intent, and that we're -- we -- our comp store sales is driven, to some degree, by the fact that we're ratcheting up our service levels.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, I wouldn't say we have do. What I would say is that we're in a position where we're not comfortable not making those kinds of investments in what we view as customer service initiatives and putting our stores in the best position to provide the highest level of service. The only way you really know is to ratchet it down to see what happens, and right now, we're just in a position where we want to continue growing comp store sales at a robust rate. So we're making sure that we put ourselves in the best position to do that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think that's helpful to us. As a matter of fact, there's -- I won't mention the brands, but I think I know exactly who you're bringing up -- talking about. And yes, we're pretty pleased with that. I think that -- on a couple of fronts, one, there are -- there's a lot of demand for those products, and the customers that use those products most prevalent are professional customers, so you know where they're at. We can call on them. Now, we have competitors that have those products, too, so it's -- it doesn't all come our way. You got to out and work for it and earn it. But we're also very pleased with the fact that those -- the suppliers of those products recognize us as a company that they want to represent them in marketing those products. And so that's a good feeling knowing that some of the most important brands and suppliers in the industry have chosen us, whose business model is really similar these days to some of our more retail competitors as they've made the transition towards professional, where we're very happy that they continue to rely on us as a company that can adequately represent very valuable brands that they own.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Ellen. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for an outstanding quarter. Our record-breaking results are directly attributable to your continued focus on providing consistent, exceptional customer service. We're very proud of our strong year-to-date results. We remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and we are focused on finishing off a record-breaking year with a strong fourth quarter performance. Thanks to all of you for attending our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2014 fourth quarter and full year results in early February. Thank you very much.
