Thomas McFall: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2020 results. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period.  Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words.  The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call.  At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas McFall: What I would add to that is if we reflect back to the beginning of the second quarter, where we saw significant drop in business and then a spike in continued strong sales from the middle of April, that was primarily on the DIY side of the business. The professional side of the business was impacted longer due to the customer service nature at dropping off your car, to have it worked on. So it took longer for the professional business to come back.  So the narrowing of the gap in the third quarter, I think, is more of a reflection of the more significant challenges that the professional side of the business had in the second quarter.
Thomas McFall: That's a hard one to determine. We will see over time as others report, and we look at industry data. What we would tell you is that we think we gained significant share on both sides of the business.
Thomas McFall: Okay. Jeff covered those comments, but I'll go through because it sounds like an accounting question. When we look at our SG&A, the biggest driver of our SG&A expense is store payroll and when COVID hit and we had 4 weeks of horrible sales, we were planning for the worst and reduced our staff, and Jeff can speak to the specifics of how we went through staff evaluations and what that means to our long-term business. But we continue to be very conservative in our sales outlook and make sure that we're staffing to run the business and provide great customer service, but still be cognizant that sales trends could change.  When we look up and down our P&L, a lot of items -- some items have been deferred when you look at maintenance. When we look at anything fuel related, whether it's utilities or gas to run the delivery vehicles, those have been significantly less than we would have thought some of our CapEx projects where we deferred the CapEx. They have a great return over time but have some drag in the initial implementation. So some of those deferrals have caused a positive short-term P&L impact but the main item and the main driver for our SG&A is store payroll. I'll turn it over to Jeff to comment on that.
Thomas McFall: Historically, when we've seen used car sales go up and the prices go up, that's a benefit to our business from two standpoints. One, the price increase is being driven by people who are seeking use cars as opposed to as many new cars. So more miles driven are on cars outside of warranties. That's a positive for us. The other big positive for us is it's a used car sale, but it's new to somebody else. So both on the seller side, people are making repairs to sell their vehicles. And as people acquire new vehicles, they're making repairs to those vehicles. Both of which benefit us.
Thomas McFall: Well, Zach, I appreciate that you acknowledge that we've suspended guidance and therefore, I can't make any comments in relation to past guidance because it's been suspended. But we'll talk about the gross margin for the quarter.  So as we talked about on our third quarter 2019 conference call, and we're very pointed in calling out as we were seeing a benefit and gross margin from items where tariffs have been imposed, prices on the Street, selling prices had increased, but we were able to sell-through the merchandise that we had on hand, and we were seeing a benefit from that. We expected that to benefit to continue, although declining through the first and second quarter of this year.  In the second quarter of this year, we actually saw more price decreases, primarily as suppliers work to adjust their supply chains to limit the impacts of tariffs. So when we get to the third quarter, we've really annualized those items. And it's reflected in our LIFO charge or our LIFO benefit as the case may be. In this case, it's a benefit. So you'll see it in our Q last year, we had a LIFO benefit in the third quarter of $22 million. This year, it was $1 million.
Thomas McFall: Sure. So to reiterate what Greg said, we're happy with the performance of all our categories. We can't post a 16.9% comparable store increase unless all the categories are doing well. The items where we point out some of the discretionary items that DIY consumers are buying, which is really for 2 reasons. One, when we get into economic constrained conditions, those typically go in the other direction. So that's abnormal. The other item is just that consumers are looking at their vehicles, wanting to invest in their vehicles, wanting -- in the reduction of repair, underperformed or unperformed maintenance is going down, and that is helping our sales value. So all the categories are doing well.  So the difference in gross margin between those categories and other categories is not significant enough and the performance difference is not significant enough to create a mix difference in our gross margin.
Thomas McFall: So yes, I'd put it in three buckets. One is LIFO, we covered that. And then two is we have some dilution, as we talked about on our first quarter call from the Mayasa business in Mexico, where they run more independent chopper -- much more independent chopper business, and it's got a lower gross margin. You're not operating the stores. You share the gross margin with the independent chopper's operating stores. And we have normally, you would think in the distribution centers with high volume, we'd have leverage. But in this case, the volume is so high that we're having to do extraordinary things to get products shipped out. So we actually have some headwind there.
Thomas McFall: Well, what we would expect -- first item is there were some other factors in there. So I wouldn't necessarily assume that mass is all of those, and we're not -- we talked about we're not commenting that specifically on their P&L. What I would tell you is that when we look at the fourth quarter, we would expect not to have a significant LIFO impact on our gross margin.
Thomas McFall: Maybe to be more clear, you never know until the quarter is done and a lot of price changes happen during the quarter. But we were $1 million positive this year -- or this quarter, so pretty darn flat.
Thomas McFall: Well, clearly, in the second quarter, the spike in volume caught us by surprise is we had to reduce our workforce based on the fourth -- first onset of COVID in the results. So there are many different grades of leverage. The second quarter leverage was extreme, and that's something that is sustainable or good for our business in the long term. And the third quarter, as Jeff talked about, we increased our staffing to match the expected sales or closer to the expected sales. We continue to see significant SG&A leverage in the third quarter. I think our comments around that are we're going to manage our SG&A and our spend per store prudently so that we can react to changes in sales volume to be the same and continue at this high-low double-digit rate or to the extent that we see fluctuations that we can actively manage our expenses.
Thomas McFall: There's a lot of quarter left, and we'll see what happens with the sales volumes. What we would tell you is that the we are going to be conservative, that means not staffing up to the current level of business because the current level of business has been heightened from historic norms, to the extent that we can continue to drive those results, we will continue to see strong leverage.
Gregory Johnson: Greg, a lot of questions there. First, on the traffic and ticket question, I would tell you that if you divide that into the 4 quadrants, cash and charge for each, all 4 of those quadrants were positive. And we were pleased with both our ticket count and our average ticket. Looking at the gap between our DIY and DIFM side of the business, it did narrow slightly this time. Our overall comp was less. So our side of the business performed well to our expectation. And our DIY traffic was off slightly from where we were last quarter.
Gregory Johnson: Brian, I would tell you that the trend we saw in the second quarter has carried over end of the third quarter. A lot of our traditional categories that performed well have continued to perform well in the fourth quarter. We called out batteries, especially performing well -- I'm sorry, not fourth quarter, third quarter. I'm getting ahead of myself there. But we did see strong performance in a lot of DIY categories as we did in the second quarter. A lot of categories that historically have not performed as well, meaning whether it's hot rod parts, performance parts, car detailing components, things like that, that we just think that a lot of that DIFM consumer have more time on their hands to perform some of those repairs. And frankly, feel like some of the shift from DIFM to DIY for some of those easier repairs has been a result of that DIFM customer, completing some of those repairs themselves as opposed to taking into the shop for repair.
Gregory Johnson: Well, Zach, it's hard to really determine. Some categories, it's obvious that it's "the hobby customer" other categories, it's really hard to tell. When you sell spark plugs, is that a hobby customer? Or is that a maintenance need? Are they working on a project car that's had dust on it with a cover on it for 4 or 5 years that they just have time to work on all of a sudden because they've got more time from working from home. They don't have the daily commute, things like that. So I would say those categories that we called out, performance, car care, things like that, they performed similarly to second quarter.  But again, I don't want to send any impression to anybody that, that was the meat of our sales improvement because it's not. We did see -- that is an unusual trend for our industry to see sales in those categories. But really the meat and potatoes of our P&L were the traditional categories that we sell that continue to sell throughout the quarter.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Good question, Brett. What I would tell you is we've seen improvement. Like I said, there's really only a handful of suppliers that are -- well, let me break that out. There's a handful of suppliers that are having fill rate issues that they control. There's also a handful of smaller chemical suppliers that are having some issues just simply to get product for their product. In other words, there are so many containers that are going towards hand sanitizers. Some of these specialty vendors are still having trouble getting containers to ship their products in. But that too has started to shift back into a favorable position.  So what I would tell you from a supplier component of the supply chain, we're seeing continued improvement. And there's only really a handful of suppliers that are really continuing to not fill at a rate that we desire. Looking at the entire supply chain, as Jeff called out, as strong as our supply chain is and as strong as our DCs perform, they're just not equipped for the comparable store sales volume we've seen. So to Jeff's earlier point, we've seen some pressures there in our DCs keeping up with the demand. We've done a good job of getting product out to our stores on a daily basis, but we've had some backlog on incoming freight, and we're working really hard to get that caught up.  So overall, we feel good. Suppliers are doing a good job. We're doing a good job of getting caught up. And I would say, within the next 30 to 45 days, we feel like our supply chain will be back to normal.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. So I think it's several things. And if you look at market share gains, one thing I would tell you is I think the pie itself is bigger this year. I think there's more money being spent in the aftermarket as a whole because of the stimulus and some of the incentives that consumers have. But if you look at where those market share gains are coming from, you mentioned the smaller independents, I think that is a result of supply chain string our leverage and our ability to have inventory within our supply chain and have that inventory positioned in such a way in our supply chain that gives us a competitive benefit.  The other piece that I think, to a much lesser degree would be from the mass retail side. I think we're taking some market share from the mass retail side, although to a much lesser degree because it's a lot fewer categories. I think the consumer in that case is frequently concerned about walking into to a big box store to buy a battery or set of wiper blades or some product, and there's been a shift to the smaller retail box like ours. And I think there's been a surprise and delight function that goes along with that, when that customer comes into one of our stores, not only are they able to get that product with not having the degree of interaction that they would have in a big box store, but we also install that product them as well.  And I think that's evident. I get a lot of letters from customers over the years. And lately, a lot of those letters talking about the service level we provide have called out with a degree of surprise that we perform those functions. And we install those batteries and wipers. And our traditional customer knows we do that. So I think we've brought some new customers under our stores. And I think one of the keys that market share that we've taken from both sides of the business is just the service level we provide and the stickiness and our focus on keeping those customers for the long term, from both channels that I described.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Howard. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd also like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results in February.
Jeff Shaw: Brian, what I would add to that is, as our professional business strengthens as we work away from COVID in the restrictions on their business that, that drove. That business is much more focused on hard part repairs. So to the extent that those have done better, it's narrowed the gap, but more about raising more of the traditional categories than weakness in others.
Jeff Shaw: What Tom is referring to is just the incredible volume stream that just created really inefficiencies and are really receiving and shipping areas in our DCs. And with that volume and trying to stack that volume, we've had to use over time until we can catch up with headcount as well as temps to help us keep our shipping percentages where they need to be.
Jeff Shaw: Sure. As we mentioned on our second quarter call, we were extremely pleased with the performance on both sides of the business across all of our markets, really exceeding our expectations. And really, that trend continued into the third quarter.  As you'd expect, our newer markets continue to outcomp our more mature markets. But overall, the outperformance in the third quarter was really across all of our divisions. All of our divisions performed very well exceeding our expectations.
Jeff Shaw: [Indiscernible] our team, just to expand on that. I mean, it's been an incredible -- incredibly disruptive the last 6 months to our business. And our corporate office has done a great job supporting our teams in the DCs and stores. And our DC teams have done a fantastic job with all the adversity they faced is shipping product to our stores and keeping them in an in-stock position. And then our stores have just in all the adversity and issues they face, in all their markets with lockdowns and the regulations have just done an incredible job in execution taking care of our customers day in and day out.
