Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results, our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2015, and after our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. Seth, what I would tell you is that we're looking at good leverage, but we're also looking at making some investments in our business, both from primarily around the technology area and communication to our stores. So we have some additional expenses we're going to take on there to ensure that we're providing a customer experience that meets the needs of our customers.
Thomas G. McFall: We discuss how we're going to return capital on a quarterly basis, and that's a pretty lively discussion. What I would tell you is that, we believe in our long-term growth projections and we'll continue to execute our buyback program in a prudent manner.
Thomas G. McFall: Our expectation is that we are not going to face meaningful LIFO headwinds in 2015. So the abatement of that is the major mover of our gross margin percentage. We also expect to see more historic incremental improvement in our ability to acquire products, our DC efficiencies, to be the remainder of the increase.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, what I would tell you is that when we look at falling fuel prices, the major benefit we see is in the DCs. When we look at the stores, our expectation is we're going to run more deliveries. So we offset that rate increase with more miles. So the DCs are more of a fixed cost, so we do anticipate seeing some benefit. Our expectation is that gas prices are not going to stay this low for an extended period of time. When we look at DC efficiencies in general, the 2 main drivers there are reducing excess capacity, especially in the newer DCs, and leveraging those fixed costs, and then just as we grow store unit volumes, the bigger the unit volume, the more efficient the DC is in picking and distributing parts to them.
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, this is Tom. When we look at the fourth quarter expansion and the first quarter expansion and the year-over-year results, you've got to remember that we've got significant LIFO charges fourth quarter of 2013 and first quarter of 2014. So when you look at the year-over-year, I'd encourage you to look at the run rate of those. The second thing I would tell you is, we have tough comparisons this year, and if you look back at -- and we feel like our guidance is appropriate. If you look back at last year, I think you would find that our guidance and the growth ratios you talked about are similar. We're going to go out there and try to profitably grow the business again in 2015. But we feel like the guidance we've given, reminding everyone that it doesn't include any additional share repurchases, is appropriate.
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. On the acquisition costs, we would expect to make some improvement on our acquisition cost. We've made a lot of headway over the last couple of years. In relation to some of these -- other consolidations within the industry, they are not sharing their acquisition price changes with us, but we feel like we have, for our volume, very competitive pricing. So we're looking for a more moderate improvement there. In relation to LIFO, we aren't expecting a large, large number. So just some normal acquisition cost improvements. Of course, we'll continue to work at getting the best parts for the best prices to provide value to our customers.
Gregory L. Henslee: And additionally, the telecom ability to move information, video, things like that to our stores in a more expedient fashion that will cost us a little more as we set those up and move away from regular copper phone lines to voice over IP technology and things like that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Michael, to tell you, I guess from my perspective, there's really never been a year in the 30-plus years I've been with the company that we didn't have initiatives to improve customer service and improve our sales results. The things we talk about now are some things that we've done the last few years, which were a little bit changed from the past relative to maybe some reservations we had about our relationships with our professional customers and how aggressive we could be on the retail side. And in all those things, we feel like we still have a lot of room ahead of us from an improvement standpoint. So I would say, we're in the early innings in most of those things. Our rewards program, there's a lot of things that we can do to tighten the relationships that we have with our customers. Staffing in a retail environment like we're in is always an ongoing challenge and one in which we feel like we always have opportunity. So I think we still have a lot of room from -- ahead of us. And as we move to this year, we'll be implementing new ideas and new things that we feel like will improve our ability to compete and grow our comp store sales.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's a hard thing to measure, obviously, because we're growing as much as we are. I mean, but to answer your question as best I can, it's coming from both. We -- very seldom do you have a relationship with a customer that relates in them buying everything from you, because some things you might not have, you have to pick up or they may have a brand preference that maybe we don't have and they buy it from another supplier or just a variety of things. So we -- we're out there working every day to grow business with existing customers, and we're calling on customers that aren't buying from us, especially in newer markets. A lot of times when you start off a new store, you work on the low-hanging fruit first, the customers that are most likely to buy from us. And then over time, as we become more capable and we penetrate deeper in the marketplace, we start developing relationships with the customers. So it's both, but I don't have a number for you on which would be the biggest contributor.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I mean, our biggest -- our highest volume store would be -- it's a real high-volume store, and it would be well above our average and well above even our heavy metro area averages. Our best-performing stores are typically in large metropolitan areas and take up a significant square footage, and most of them are hub stores or large inventory stores. So yes, there would be a significant spread between our average store and those larger stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It's the location. It's where they're at. It's the number of shops around them. It's -- our strategy all along has been to position these stores where they're in a position where they can do a lot of DIY business. A destination for the DIY customer, yet close to the shops that would be most prevalent shops in the area. And then also some of our more -- our older stores or more rural stores, and they would, of course, be lower volume. So that factors into that too.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, again, our private label products in the hard parts area anyway, the product itself, in many cases, is not much different than the branded product. They're very high-quality private label products, and our efforts are just to have a little more control of the way the product is managed, keeping it out of our competitor stores to some degree. But our private label strategy is a little bit different than many in that we're putting high-quality products in the boxes. In many cases we're using brands that are recognized, in some cases, by the customers, and especially the professional customers as being brands that have been prevalent at some point in the past. So -- and we do this very strategically and surgically, I would say. We're very careful about what products we put in private label boxes. And very simply, we carry many brands that are just not good brands to move into a private label box, because the brands are so prevalent and we have excellent relationships with many of our suppliers and simply want to support their brands. So some of the brands that we carry, right now I would say we'd never plan to move those into private label. But others where the brands aren't as prevalent and it makes sense for us to put them in our own packages, we do that, but with the key being that we're putting in the box a product that's of high enough quality that our professional customers would consider it equal, at least equal with the branded product that it may be competing with. And so it's a slow-moving strategy, but we're somewhere in the mid-30% range, if we include oils and so forth in our private label mix.
Gregory L. Henslee: Texas has been a high-performing area for us for a long, long time. Recent, just from a comp percentage standpoint, because of our growth in other areas and the stores maturing in those areas comping at high percentages. From a percentage standpoint, I'd put it kind of middle of the road in our company. I think that there is enough growth in Texas, just with population growth in cities like Austin and DSW and other metropolitan areas, that if there is an impact from the gas prices and maybe some of that business or that work slowing down, down there, it's being offset by the population growth, and we've not seen an impact on our business yet.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, our DIY business has been good. For the quarter, our do-it-for-me business was a little bit better, but the DIY business was very good. It is hard for us to know the effect of gas prices on consumer behavior, although our DIY business was strong for the quarter and it's been pretty strong for the year. So I think that most would speculate, including me, that with gas prices coming down, it's going to be good for the consumer, and with tax returns coming up here before long with the decreased weekly spend on fuel that, that's going to be a good thing for our industry and other retailers.
Gregory L. Henslee: No, you can't rule out a new DC in 2015 and 2016. We would -- we haven't purchased property yet, but we are in a process of planning our expansion. And at the point that we have purchased property, we'll announce where our next DC is. But I would speculate that you can expect an opening in 2016.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, in the -- I'll start with the Northeast. Those are typically or, generally speaking, the VIP stores, although we have put a few new stores up there. Those are doing great. And we've -- it's been a big transition up there with the stores having previously been operated as VIP with shops attached to them and I think most customers viewing stores as purely retail stores that do both service and parts. And then, of course, we've had the headwind of convincing some of our professional customers that we're not part of VIP and that we're not their competitor and that we are a great supplier-partner for our professional customers. So this past year has been a good year for us and we've comped really well on the -- in those stores in general, and a big portion of that comp has been on the do-it-for-me side. And in Florida, we've been very fortunate as we've grown down there to have had a incredibly strong team of individuals down there that are very good on the professional side of the business. And I would say that our new store growth down there, year 1, year 2, year 3, a bigger portion of our sales in those stores has been on the do-it-for-me side than would be typical because of the strength of our team down there on the professional side. So we've been very pleased with our growth on the professional side down there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we, of course, have the -- as you said, the tailwind of lower gas prices, which should be good. We also have the tailwind of unemployment, which is lower and down, which is good both from a consumer pocketbook standpoint but also in our business from miles driven standpoint as commuter miles increase. As we said throughout last year after we had the tough winter last winter, it's hard to ever really know the impact that has on your business. Although we did see, by category, some of the categories that we would speculate to be affected by harsh weather performed very well, and they continue to. Our business, so far this quarter as I said, has been good and we see no reason for that to change. I think the thing that we all need to keep in mind is that the car population being driven in the U.S. today is an older population. And these higher mileage cars, while they're very reliable from a engine, transmission, differential or transaxle perspective, and they're capable of being kept on the road for a long time, they still require maintenance, and at higher mileages they require more maintenance. And these aren't catastrophic mechanical failures that would cause the car to be retired, but they are things that can be reasonably expensive. So I think that those things are contributing to our industry's growth. And I think part of that, part of what we all saw of last year, when we had a relatively strong year was not purely weather-related; it was vehicle age related, combined with the weather, which is helpful. So it's hard for me to predict the impact of the consumers having more money in their pocket as a result of the gas prices and employment being a little better and the effect that maybe a milder winter so far, we still have some winter left, so we'll see what happens. But we're expecting -- we feel confident in the comp store sales range we gave for the year. And like I said, January has started off good for us, so we're hopeful that we'll continue on that trend.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. What we do every year is we go through on a by district, by region, by division basis and kind of evaluate where we're at in the marketplace and where -- what we would expect our growth in those areas to be, and then we kind of consolidate that into our plan. And we're comfortable with the 3% to 5% range for the year right now, all things considered, including those that we've talked about.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think that we have a long way to go on the DIY side. If you look at the average per store that we do compared to our best DIY competitors, we have a lot of upside there. So I would say that's a -- that across the board, including the CSK, is probably our biggest contributor. One of the things that we talk about here a lot is how fragmented the professional side is. And while we feel like we've been a really good professional provider for a long, long time, it's very fragmented. And the percentage of the total business that we have, even though we feel reasonably dominant in many marketplaces, if you look at the whole U.S. and the percentage of the do-it-for-me business that we're doing, there's a lot of upside there. So we see a lot of opportunity on both. So I think it would be hard for me to say that there's more opportunity on one side than the other or in CSK. I think that we're getting pretty reasonably mature out in the Western part of the country, but there's a lot of business out there that we don't have. I will say that the past couple of years our do-it-for-me business has grown a little faster than our DIY. And I think for reasons that have been discussed a lot in the past, relative to vehicle complexity and things like that, that we'll continue to see that trend. Although that trend is somewhat mitigated by our efforts to grow on the DIY side. So I guess what I would say is we see a lot of opportunity on both sides.
Gregory L. Henslee: On the CapEx side, the thing that I would remind you is that within the DC development that we opened this year, that stretches back to 2013, when we were purchasing and fixturing those facilities. So it didn't all hit in '14. The cost of a DC can vary, depending on the size and the location, in the $30 million to $50 million range.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're about 1.3, 1.4 for an owned location and the difference would be primarily -- we might be in the 400,000 for leased space assuming it was a white box space.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thank you, Vanessa. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking our entire team for the outstanding year. We're very proud of our strong 2014 results and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum into 2015. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our 2014 -- our 2015 first quarter results in April. Thank you very much.
