Thomas McFall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the third quarter and full-year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain Forward-Looking Statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas McFall: In relation to you from your second question, we started to see some inflation on commodity type items second quarter of last year. And as prices go up, especially on items that are more discretionary, what we see is pressure on our lower-end consumer, our DIY consumer and that is been reflected in pressure on their traffic count. We see less of that pressure on a our professional side of the business, the general demographic there is less impacted by price increases. So, when we look at rolling through this additional round of tariffs, we would expect the professional side of the business to be less impacted on traffic and see a benefit there in average ticket. On DIY side, we will see the ticket average go up, but we would expect to see additional pressure on traffic as people work harder to defer to save money.
Thomas McFall: Well I think the specific word we used was lower, it’s based on really two factors that are different second quarter results and our expectations that we are going to continue to have a drag from new store openings where we are not generate as many non-comp stores sales dollars as we expected as we both catch up and stores that open later in the year don’t generate quite as much as revenue as they have a later date to start ramping up their business.
Thomas McFall: I’m sorry about that. We are not going into the nitty-gritty of the details, but what we would tell you is a lot of the seasonal products in HVAC and refrigerant are big ticket items, but carry a lower gross margin percentage so not having those sales for our comps, but help our gross margin percentage mix.
Thomas McFall: Yes. Overall the spread was very similar to what we saw last quarter with professional out comping DIY.
Thomas McFall: I think it is likely will and it’s not just that Seth, you know it’s the complexity of products that are impacting that as well and it’s not just our industry you know we talk a lot about the average DIY consumer, their spend is being impacted in everything they buy because of these tariffs. So their discretionary income and discretionary money they have to spend on non-essential items is less than it was, and they will likely postpone any repairs that they don't have to make.
Thomas McFall: So, when we look at the first quarter, we had a deferral of latter the spring weather into April which was a positive. And that get out and clean up in the spring is more of a DIY side of the business and we caught up on that. In April, when we look at the drivers with hard parts we had a more normal winter from a precipitation standpoint, spring isn’t bright quite as early. So, when we look at the first quarter and the second quarter and we look at the core categories that really display long-term demand in our business, the ware parts, the under car parts. Our people taking care of their vehicles, the wear and tear on the vehicles, those categories have looked solid all the year and that translated into a more solid professional side of the business. The seasonal categories when the spring hit, you know come with air conditioning business that we do. Those have been a little bit of headwind and we look at the back half of year that core underlying demand for the key categories in our industry is what gives us confidence to reaffirm our guidance for the year.
Thomas McFall: Well, there is a tremendous amount of shops in the country and there have been some consolidation. When we look at performance, there is a lot of regional change that do a fantastic job. When we partner we want to partner with people that are driving great customer service, have a models that were efficient in supplying and we have got a lot of regional and national customers that fit that and we do a lot of business with them. So, I wouldn't say that we would shy away from any of that business. We are going to make sure that we lead with service in all the business we do.
Thomas McFall: So, what we would tell you is, our professional business continues to be strong. We are seeing more of that volatility on the DIY side of the business. A lot of DIY business also carries a very low average ticket with high volumes when you look at some of maintenance items and some of the appearance items that we do business in. So appearance, obviously, has been under pressure with - the late March weather wasn't very good and when you look at things like oil changes, a lot of volume, not as high as ticket. Those are items that either the customer can forego or defer and that has created pressure on DIY traffic. What we will tell you is that the hard parts categories continue to perform well.
Thomas McFall: In the second half when we look at it there is less seasonal categories that drive our business than in the first half.
Thomas McFall: You know we had the same question in 2010 and 2011. What we would tell you is that our business is a cyclical business, you know kind of seven year cycles and the professional side of the business is much more stable. When we see good DIY years for many different reasons, whether its weather driven, whether its increase in miles driven, wages. When we have those good DIY years that is when you see the industry outperform, when that is the DIY consumer is under pressure you see the industry put up numbers not quite as good and I would tell you that at the current base we are in that beginning part. If we - whether the DIY customer is under pressure, you know if we look back three years, we saw run at three years where the DIY business swung up and we will go through these cycles overtime.
Gregory Johnson: So our second quarter inflation was a little bit over too similar to the first quarter. We would expect as these tariffs starts hitting our acquisition costs that we will flow through that into price, so we would expect that we will see a higher number. Originally we thought two for the year, easing in the back half but that looks like there will be additional pressure there, will depend on how long these tariffs stay in place. Our plan right now is that they will continue as is.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, absolutely. It's been very rational Bret and to Jeff's point, any exceptions to that from some of these regional players, I wouldn’t attribute to tariffs or inflation, it's just typically some of the things they do during the course of a quarter.
Gregory Johnson: We have fairly aggressive plan in 2019 frontloaded to the first half of the year, but it’s entirely weather related. I mean we have always got issues year-to-year when you are making a plan and a forecast, I mean it could be environmental, regulatory whatever the case may be. There is always weather issues and normally the second quarter is the most volatile quarter of new stores openings during the year, that is when we have the most impact from weather and this year was just extremely tough and wide spread and persistent. What I would add to that Kate is, all of the locations for the year are in progress, so we are not looking for additional locations. It's just how quick we can get the doors open on the building.
Gregory Johnson: So, we would tell you the faster moving products there is less benefits, because those are the ones we are most quickly reordering. So, it’s more of the back end of the lines where we are seeing the benefit. And we would tell you that it’s a modest benefit and it’s something that helps our gross margin. But ultimately we look at last five, what was our last five purchase price and that is how we are managing our business. So, when we look at the ongoing forward tariffs, we are going to take a look and make sure that we are priced appropriately for the market. And looking at what margins we think we need to make and should make based on the GMROI of each product to set those prices. So we think that it will be impactful, not being negative going forward and we think we will be able to sustain our margin percentage.
Gregory Johnson: So, last year we have talked about SG&A, people invest in SG&A with the part of the funds they receive from the tax reduction and that going forward that we saw higher than average SG&A growth we would expect to see inflationary pricing and the top-line being the benefit and that is what we have seen this year, is the labor market continues to be tighter. So when we have looked at our guide this year, we were going to anniversary some of those investments we made last year in-store payroll, primarily more heavily weighted in the first and second quarter as they ramped up. We would tell you that when we look at our guidance and you look at the guidance from the beginning of the year, the midpoint of our operating profit was an expectation of decrease because of those pressures, we would tell you that when you look at the second quarter specifically that most of the deleverage was plan based on these higher structural store payroll numbers. But a meaningful amount is due to slower comp sales and unexpected and light non-comp sales due to the stores not opening on time.
Gregory Johnson: I would say it’s across the Board Daniel. We are seeing some wage pressure in some of our store markets that is driven by minimum wage changes where they are escalating some of those on the west coast, but across the country, across really in the corporate office and the DCs and in the stores, we are seeing wage pressures and wage is moving up. One of the biggest areas we have seen some wage pressure is with our DOT truck drivers and DCs, that is become a very aggressive market, supply hasn’t kept up with demand over the last couple of years and we have seen a lot of the inflation and wage pressure there.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think we have spoken to the first and second quarter same SKU inflation being up slightly over 2% which is a reflection of passing through the inflationary pressures across the cost retail through our pricing to cover both the tariffs and increasing expenses and I think you see that in our increasing gross margin percentage.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Chris, I will take the first part of the and let Tom take the back end question. You know, there has been a total I think, this is in the fourth round of tariffs. The first was more of a component tariff increase and then we hit more and more SKUs in the second and third rounds. Third round was the most impactful, it was a 10%. And this latest round is an additional 15% on 10% for basically the same pace of SKUs. As we said in the previous quarter calls, just because there is a tariff increase either at the component level or at the SKU level of 10%, that doesn't mean that we are going to take the full 10% tariff on that. We direct import a very small subset of our SKU base. Most of our import lines is coming from China, flow through one of our supplier’s facilities here in the U.S. so the impact of tariffs is a little less for us than if we direct imported all of that product. So what we would expect and what we have seen thus far is you know this next round of 15%, we would also take a less than 15% increase on this round.
Gregory Johnson: No, it’s definitely an option, it’s just not a short-term option. We try and for years we have tried to diversify where we buy products across multiple suppliers to mitigate risk and where we can across the multiple countries to also mitigate some of that risk. So, for break category for example we have got break products coming in from China, from India and from some other smaller countries. So, we continue to work with our suppliers to see what alternate sourcing locations we have, but that is just typically not a short-term change because it’s not like the capacity sitting there and these are other countries they have to build that capacity.
Gregory Johnson: Sure David. I will take that and then I will let Jeff to speak to the regional trend. You know, on the last call, the team talked about a more normal winter with the follow up, you know with a normal winter you have road conditions deteriorating, you have breaking of under-car products, things like that or product categories rather. And that is to Tom’s point earlier, that is what we saw in the quarter. So we had a more normal weather pattern for April. So April was the strongest month of the quarter, and then in May and into June, those weather patterns changed and it was a cooler weather than we normally see during that time of the year and much weather across much of the country than we normally see. And that impacted primarily those sea related categories that Tom spoke to and I said in my prepared comments. So what we would say is, from a cadence standpoint, April would have been our strongest month of the quarter, followed by June and then May would have been the softest month of the quarter.
Gregory Johnson: Well, what we see is an uneven application of the increase of price. So some of that has to do with whether it goes on the water, it depends how much is in your supply chain here. What we are typically seeing is that when the faster moving items which are the higher volume items, when you are starting to reorder those and you sell directly at a much faster rate, when you are reordering those at higher prices and starting to sell through and that is when we are seeing the prices be addressed in the market. So the slower moving items that have many more days in supply are the items where you get that benefit.
Gregory Johnson: Well, they go up across the line typically the tariffs will be addressed across the line. It’s just when you are ordering them. What I would tell you is that the first round of tariffs, the past through was more uneven than what we see here in the latest round of tariffs. Obviously it’s a bigger number, we have all gone through this process. So, we are expecting a more even probably quicker application of those price increases.
Gregory Johnson: We are not going to get into details that is specific what we would tell you is that especially given the second quarter if weather was more normal in those categories that were impacted performed okay. We would be happy with our comps.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Brendon. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O’Reilly for continued hard work and delivering another solid quarter. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: For the most part, I mean everybody is under the same pressure from the price increases and what we are seeing in the field is everybody is adjusting the prices accordingly. I mean, anytime there is a pressure on sales, you will see some competitors try to use price as a tool to gain business, but for the most part that is not the case.
Jeff Shaw: What we would tell you is, we look at our category-by-category performance that our underlying non-seasonal business has been very strong, where we have run into problems are our seasonal business. We would tell you that absent the pressure we saw in the HVC refrigerate category that Greg spoke to, we would have been happy with our comps this quarter. So, when we look at the rest of the year, we always plan for normal weather and that core underlying demand for hard parts remains good and gives us confidence in the second half of the year.
Jeff Shaw: So, our expectation is that payroll will continue to be a pressure item as unemployment stays very low, people out there completing for folks. When we look at our SG&A, our expectations is we are going to have solid sales for the last two quarters - absent with the exception of some pressure from new store opening timing, but our comps will be solid and that our SG&A will come in at the high end of our average SG&A growth per store for the full-year which means being on plan for the third and fourth quarter.
Jeff Shaw: Sure. You know on the regional performance, really under performance we saw in the quarter was consistent across most of our markets. As you would expect with the weather conditions across the majority of the country. Where we experienced the most unfavorable wet weather, we saw more impact to our business especially our DIY business is calling out the areas that were most impact that would be really the center part of the country and the West Coast.
