Tom McFall: Thank you, Adrian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today’s conference call we’ll discuss our fourth quarter 2015 results and our outlook for the first quarter full year 2016. After our prepared comments we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by and we claim protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I’d like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: As typical, DIY is the business that you gain fastest primarily location-based when you are looking at do it for me business, it takes a while to build those relationships. As far as quicker to maturity, that’s a hard question to answer. Obviously in good environments like we had in 2015, our new stores start at the high end of our expectations, and that’s what we saw in 2015, where ultimately they mature to. We’re not going to lower our expectation so we continue to see great opportunities for new stores, but they are performing very well.
Tom McFall: The CSK stores that we bought in that acquisition for primarily the do it for me, we had a lot of opportunities to build them and still do. So we consider most of those markets to be immature. So about half.
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that we had awful good fuel prices all year. And what happens with fuel prices will be a key to what that is. Within the comp range that we have, 3 to 5, we feel comfortable we’d be able to create some leverage on DC expenses in a normal year, but obviously in 2015 we have very difficult comparisons and very low fuel costs.
Tom McFall: We make assumptions that – obviously the first quarter assumption is easier to make than fourth quarter assumption, but given that they are historically low, we would expect them to rise somewhat over the year.
Tom McFall: Well, on the ratings I would tell you that from our opinion, the upgrade has been overdue. Hopefully nobody from Moody’s is listening. We felt like the credit quality was already there. It doesn’t actually improve our borrowing rate. We’re fixed to the better of the two ratings, so we already had a BBB plus on the S&P side. Obviously not being split rated when we issue bonds is A positive, so we’re very happy about that. When we look at the debt, we generated a lot of cash this year, bought back a lot of shares, and are happy with where we are. Wouldn’t say it was necessarily – we didn’t need to. I would tell you that we manage our debt and we don’t like to have cash on our balance sheet, it has got high carrying costs. To issue a bond and have more would make that much worse. But we are working that cash level down and we’ll add more debt when it makes more sense.
Tom McFall: I will answer the first one first. We are not going to break down the portions of our gross margin. On the 18 months ago, what we saw was some improvement as our CSK acquisition deals came due. If we look at the last 18 months we have had some critical categories where we have either made some changes to go to a house brand or there have been competitive situations out there with some shifts, major shifts in the market for suppliers and their capacity that’s allowed us to garner better deals.
Tom McFall: Probably 10 to 20 basis points. But what we would tell you is that our focus is not gross margin percentage. Our focus is our comparable gross margin dollar growth. And over the last three or four years, five years, our industry has generated those growth through increased percentage due to reduced acquisition costs without the benefit of top line inflation. And what I would tell you is at some point we will have inflation in the market that will help generate top line growth and flow through to our gross margin dollars.
Tom McFall: We would tell you that a high SAR is good for our industry. The SAR and the scrap rate are two different items and to the extent that the scrap rate continues to stay low as these better engineered and manufactured vehicles stay on the road longer. And the SAR goes up we see more vehicles in the marketplace. And during the great recession, for the first time in a long, long, long time, the vehicle population in the U.S. flattened out. Our expectation is that it will continue to get back on a growth track and that’s what we saw in 2015, we’ll see in 2016. So a high SAR means that people are working, they’ve got money in their pocket, those used cars are going become new cars for someone else. And more cars on the road driving more miles is good for our industry.
Tom McFall: For advertising, we would expect to be higher spend in the second and third quarter which are our highest volume quarters.
Greg Henslee: Throughout the year, we’ve had some geographical differences which are typically tied to better comp percentage growth in our expansion markets and less comp percentage growth in our older more established markets. And, yes, I think we would still be on that same kind of trend line geographically as we enter the first quarter.
Greg Henslee: Really, Tony, we don’t think of any of them as being mature from a market share perspective. What I would think of as being a mature store would be those stores in the five-, six-year age range. And Tom, what would that be half – it would be – I don’t know, may not quite half our stores, something like that.
Greg Henslee: But Tony, what I was saying, we just came back from our annual store managers conferences that Jeff was talking about and while we have many stores in many markets that have been in place for a long time and would be considered mature just from the time they have been opened, we have tons of opportunity to grow sales in those stores. I promise you, the goals that those stores set are not goals that would be reflective of what someone would typically think of as goals for a mature store.
Greg Henslee: Great question, Matt. When we look at our LIFO charges from last year which are associated with our improved acquisition costs, they build throughout the year. So when we look at the first quarter, we have the biggest year-over-year gross margin improvement based on the build of those improved acquisition costs.
Greg Henslee: It was a pretty good – we have minor amounts of LIFO expected this year which is similar to how we did the plan last year. If you give me one second, I will…
Greg Henslee: Well, we continue to look around. We are opportunists when it comes to acquisitions, but at the same time we go out and kind of seek out potential acquisitions as we expand in the new markets or sometimes even consideration backfilling in some markets. So we continue to look for something that’s a good fit for us. We obviously would like to acquire someone that made sense to us up in the Northeast. Pep boys while it wasn’t a perfect fit, the parts side of it would have been somewhat of a fit, although the price got to a point as we didn’t have interest obviously. But yes, we want to acquire companies that make sense for us. We continue to look for that and we would consider companies that were in – or outside the U.S. as long as they were in countries that we felt like we wanted to do business in.
Greg Henslee: Well, yes, up in the Northeast, there are several companies up there. I won’t run through the list of names because I don’t want them to feel like I’m trying to chase them down or anything, but there’s a lot of companies up there doing business. And we would be interested in some of those that are good geographical and good business model fits for us. There are still chains that are not publicly traded that are 400 stores and several in the 100 to 200 range and some less than that that are high-quality family-owned businesses.
Greg Henslee: Yes. We do globally source several products as really all of our competitors do for instance in brake rotors and brake drums, there literally is not a manufacturer in the U.S. that is large enough to supply us and many of our competitors now so most of those come from overseas. Yes, many of our products come from Mexico, a lot of our vendors in the aftermarket have opened operations in Mexico and are saving their freight and the lead times that they had in China. So we continue to buy a lot of products from China. We typically do that through a – someone that brokers these for us in China. We don’t have our own office in China. Sometimes we’ll direct import them in container loads to our DCs and sometimes we’ll have a supplier or broker warehouse them for us and distribute from a warehouse here in the U.S. depending on the movement of the item.
Greg Henslee: We obviously should have some cost decreases as a result and we work on that ongoing. We have a whole team in merchandise that works on that every day. So we would expect to see some incremental benefit as time goes along as we continue to renegotiate deals.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Dan. Operator And our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, the comment that I made related to November was primarily driven by some of the maintenance things that people do to their cars with the onset of cold weather, antifreeze coolant related. Our antifreeze coolant did poorly during November -- really it did poorly for the quarter but November was the driver of that poor quarterly performance. We picked up a lot of the business that we would have expected in November in December. I think that the weather can have an impact in some of the Northeast markets that maybe are subject to big potholes in the road that can do chassis and steering wear and damage on a car. In many markets, it is just not big of a factor. But I think that in many of our markets, it has kind of turned into more of a normal winter not an extreme winter but a normal winter. Although I know that if you look at the average temperatures it would tell you that it has been an abnormally warm winter and obviously that is true. But I wouldn’t look at weather to be a big factor in hurting this year’s sales or driving this year’s sales. Summer is always an important factor because HVAC sales in the summertime are dependent to a large degree on hot weather and then of course battery failures are driven by hot weather. When you replace a battery in cold weather, it’s generally a symptom of the battery just being worn out and done but the damage that caused the battery to fail in cold weather was most likely done during the extreme heat. So we obviously would have some deferred lack of battery sales if we didn’t have high heat in the summertime but we obviously don’t expect that to be the case. So I would just say its weather neutral. I wish we were better at weather, we really don’t. As we make our plans internally, we don’t put a lot of consideration into weather and we’re expecting to have a solid year.
Greg Henslee: Yeah it is a combination of good performance in the legacy CSK Stores, good performance in the core O’Reilly Stores and good performance in the stores that we have opened after we bought CSK that we include in the way that we look at it internally in our core stores. But generally speaking, as I said earlier if you look at comp percentage, our expansion markets are the highest growth percentages one would expect as those stores come up to what would be considered maybe an average store. And then our lower comp percentages would be our oldest markets where the stores are the most mature but across all divisions in 2015, we generated pretty darn impressive results.
Greg Henslee: Okay. On the commercial business, it is a combination of both. It is a combination of gaining business with existing customers. It is hard to ever have 100% of a customer’s business. You can be first call and you garner a lot of the business, a lot of times they will buy stocking stuff from a wagon peddler and another supplier. There is always business out there to get. So our do it for me comp growth is a combination of both expanding business with existing customers and just new customers. So I wouldn’t be able to apply a percentage to that. But it is a combination of both. If we do go into a recession and history repeats itself, I think there is that kind of initial shock that consumers go through as they realize that some of their retirement investments, things like that aren’t doing as well, unemployment of course goes up which is hurtful. But generally speaking, those things cause people to hang onto their cars longer and make decisions to maintain a car that they may have been considering trading off. And generally speaking, we perform pretty well during a recession or at least we have in the pas and I would expect that to continue to be the case if we were to go back into a recession again.
Greg Henslee: And from a distribution cost standpoint we continue to benefit from just good efficiencies in distribution and, of course, fuel costs are a significant factor in decreasing our distribution costs.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Adrian. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the O’Reilly Team for the outstanding 2015 results. We are extremely proud of our record-breaking fourth quarter and our full-year and we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout 2016. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our first quarter results in April. Thanks.
