Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Hilda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, what we would tell you is that we saw better traffic in the extreme cold weather markets on the DIY side of the business driven by the must-have items: batteries and electrical-type equipment. But that's about as much color as we're going to give on the difference in regions.
Thomas G. McFall: And then also batteries, of course, early in the winter where the batteries fail in the extreme cold, those are a big-ticket items, and that positively affects our ticket average.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes, you should be able to calculate the first quarter expected margin and the last 3 quarters of the year to come up with a similar number. On a quarter by quarter basis, there is some minor variations in our POS margin based on mix and advertising and DC leverage, but it's pretty consistent. It should be pretty consistent this year, excluding the first quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: This year when we look at is primarily -- if we look at 2013, primarily acquisition costs and DCs, but primarily acquisition; when we look at '14, our expectation is that the year-over-year increase will be from deals we've already done. So we'll have a little bit of pressure on our distribution cost as we open 3 DCs.
Thomas G. McFall: The Easter shift is less than that, I'd say, probably 40 basis points. When we look back to last year's comps at 0.6, the bigger impact was combination of that and twice as much of an impact from leap day in the previous year. I would expect that store closures will not be a meaningful number for us. As Jeff talked about in his call that we do everything we can to get our store open, whether it has power or whether it's running on a generator, we'll transfer phones, but our job is to get those stores open to be there for customers.
Thomas G. McFall: We're probably around 35% for more private label-imported products, including commodities. That has a positive impact on our gross margin percentage. But from a dollar standpoint, we'd rather sell branded parts. But we feel like we are in a pretty good competitive position on entry-level products.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, really, Michael, we're executing the same business plan that we've always executed. We have adapted to focus on the changing vehicle population in the U.S., which most of the strong players in our business have, that we feel like we've made some solid incremental gains in that area as time has moved along, and we feel like we are in a really good shape right now. We also continue to look at some of the independent jobber business and have taken on some additional independent jobbers as we've moved through the last couple of quarters. And we'll plan to continue to do that. And then as the consolidation that is expected to happen happens, we'll do what we always do to try and drive market share gains in those markets where new 2 stores are turned into 1 or whatever the case maybe. So really, it's just kind of the same thing that we've always done, and that is just try to gain as much market share in each market as we possibly can. And we're looking at this as a potential opportunity for us to maybe accelerate some of those market share gains, as the consolidation happens.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, Mike. What I would say, Michael, is that anyone that sells independent jobbers in the markets where those independent jobbers that are being consolidated exists, they've been touched and talked to by everyone that distributes parts to IJs.
Gregory L. Henslee: Here is what I'd say about weather. I think that we're -- one, happy that we've had more normalized, maybe more extreme winter after having a couple of winters of not having very extreme weather. It certainly drives earlier demand with batteries that won't crank the car in cold-weather, antifreeze where people didn't have enough coolant in their -- that cars, and then wiper blades, things like that. And then as roads get damaged, as you know, especially up in the Northeast and some of the real cold weather markets, that's good for us as chassis parts take a beating and then you have the corrosion impacting hub bearings and brakes and things like that. So that's all good longer term. It really applies to both the DIY and the do-it-for-me side, although the DIY is typically not a business that you get benefit from as quickly as you with the do-it-for-me side because people, in many cases, can't work in their cars outside the inclement weather. One thing I want to say about this is that as we have these extreme temperatures, it generally is good for our business. But these winter storms and the impact of some of storms -- you watch the news and you see Atlanta shut down for 2 days where people just kind of hunker down and get insight because it's 0 degrees and below on these markets. That's tough on cars for sure, but it sure doesn't drive short-term demand when people are unable to get out and work in their cars and unwilling to get out and drive to repair shops and things like that. So I think you get some benefit from that later on in the year as people start recovering from the damage that has done to their cars during the winter weather.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, that includes everything has happened to this point. When we give guidance, it's always an estimate as to what -- where we think we'll end up based on kind of what we've experienced so far during the period, and what our comparisons are for the remainder of the period, and then what our estimate is as to what the business will do during that time, then it's an estimate.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. And we would estimate some more in the 300 area probably for a total in Florida, something like that. And that's somewhat early because we still have a lot of market evaluations to do, especially in the southern part of the state. But that will be an early estimate.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I'll answer the first part. And I'll let you answer the second part of that. For the year, of course, CSK continues to be a positive contributor to our comp and has been -- is our comp to remainder of the company. During the fourth quarter, the extreme weather in [ph] the central part of the company helped bring that back closer to even with the core O'Reilly -- what we would call core O'Reilly stores, but really it's all of our new stores and the center in the eastern part of the country. Those stores have done well. And then we have a little bit of weather pressure out west with the extreme dry conditions, which affect wiper blades sales, which are a big business out there, as well as the agriculture business there in California, which has really slowed down some with the lack of moisture. So what we saw for the year was that CSK continues to out-comp everything else that we would expect that as we continue to grow our commercial business out in that area, which we've come a long way, that we still have a long way to go. There's still a lot of competitors doing a lot of business that we would like to be doing and we're working to gain market share, we would expect that part of the country to continue to do a little better than the rest. And then Tom, you can answer.
Gregory L. Henslee: With the type of repairs that we're talking about where under-car pieces that damage, ride control breaks, we expect to see a higher average ticket on those. Margins on hard parts tend to be pretty good. So we would expect to continue to see an increase in the average ticket and solid gross margins.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think it has been very positive. We've allowed our store operations leaders to increase our mix of part-time team members to better service our customers on nights and weekends. And we really kind of recognize an opportunity on the professional side to better manage the spikes we have and delivery demand out to our professional customers by increasing our part-time workforce a little bit. And even our distribution centers, where we have occasional spikes, we've been able to use part-time people to better support things. So that has been a help. But then also just some of the services that we now provide that we were a little reluctant to a couple of years ago, I think, had been a positive contributor. I think most customers that know us look to us a suppliers that maybe has a little higher level of parts specialists in the store from a professionalism and a parts knowledge perspective, and I think we've really shown them the capabilities we have now as we started agreeing to pull [ph] check engine, write [ph] codes and do the diagnostic analysis in our stores and just do some things to help them. In many cases, those kinds of things end up with us sending a customer to one of our professional service providers to do business with us. But in either case, they appreciate to help in solving the problem.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we do a really good job on the national accounts. I think that having a presence in every state in the country where some national accounts may have a presence improves our ability, and I think we're more focused on that now than we've ever been. And I think that'll be an opportunity for growth for us as we continue to build out our presence in the Northeast and in South Florida.
Gregory L. Henslee: All these national accounts, there is none of them that are new to any of us. We all call on them and we're -- most of us are on their purchase list. We have --we all have different types of relationships with them relative to rebates and where we may be on the list. But I don't think it has a big impact. I think Carquest was pretty involved with national accounts at the point that the Advance-Carquest thing took place. I think Advance has worked hard to do well on national accounts and they both had a national footprint. So while it could have a minor impact maybe where one or the other didn't have exposure in a certain town to a national account, I wouldn't expect it to really change the game when it comes to national accounts.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we'd expect to see incremental changes. Every time we do a line review, we look at where we want to be positioned, what customer demand is, but we'd expect to see a pretty consistent mix.
Gregory L. Henslee: Independent are non-comp sales. They ship out of the DC, not out of the store. They would be included on our non-comp non-store sales.
Gregory L. Henslee: We would say we had a couple of quarters of positive DIY and the couple of quarters that are slightly negative, ended the year slightly negative. DIFM traffic counts have been strong all year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think the cold winter has been a contributor to our comps in the fourth quarter, and I think that the damage that's being done to cars to some degree now should be a contributor and spring sets in and people start to tune up their cars and maintaining their cars to just take care of the repairs that need to be made to recover. So yeah, we would view it as a contributor. What would be really good as if we were having really, really cold weather for 2 weeks in a row across the country, then 1 week of warm weather, and then hope this summer, of course, that turns out to be an incredibly hot summer, because these extremes do drive short-term demand in our business and longer-term damage to cars. So generally, we see it as a positive.
Gregory L. Henslee: As best we can. Again, our comp guidance is estimates, and we -- I know we see a lot of and we know the business better than anyone else. But all factors at our disposal are included in our guidance.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we continue to expand out there and we continue to look for sites. And we plan to continue to expand out that where it makes sense. A lot of our work over the next couple of years will be to evaluate potential relocations where leases come out, and we may not be pleased with a site and we may want to relocate it, but at the same time, we continue to look for greenfield growth. And, of course, California was a pretty big contributor last year to our new stores, and we would expect this to continue to expand out there this year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're really happy with it, Greg. We signed up over 4 million customers and we continue to, we think, benefit from the fact that we have a loyalty program and it gives us a means by which to market directly to loyal customers. So we see it as a positive. We're going to continue to build on it and we'll see where it takes us. It's kind of hard to quantify the positive effect of it because a lot of the business that we're doing with these loyalty customers are customers that we have before. But we feel like, long term, it'll be good for us and certainly gives us the ability to market directly to these customers and offer them specials and incentives that we weren't able to as easily as before.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, when we look at the full year, it was marginally positive for 2013. We're not seeing anything right now in commodity prices or any impetus in the market to have dramatic changes in retail prices, so we're expecting a pretty muted year-end for a third year in a row.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Hilda. Well, we would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking the entire O'Reilly team. We are extremely proud of your hard work, your dedication and your commitment. Your relentless focus on providing the highest level of customer service each day resulted in another very successful and profitable year in 2013. Each of you should be extremely proud of our record-breaking results we generated during the year. As we look ahead into 2014, we're confident in our ability to enhance our customer service with the addition of new distribution capacity and to successfully grow our market share in both new and existing markets. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We're extremely proud of our record-breaking performance in 2013. And we'll look forward to reporting our first quarter 2014 results in April. Thank you.
