Thomas McFall: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our first quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the second quarter and full year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Greg Johnson, our CEO and Co-President, is unable to be with us today due to a very serious health issue involving a close family member. For today's call, Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman and Former CEO, will be participating in Greg Johnson's absence. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Greg Henslee.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our solid performance in the first quarter. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the full year. For the quarter, sales increased $128 million, comprised of $72 million increase in comp store sales, a $60 million increase in non-comp store sales, which includes the contribution from the acquired Bennett stores, and a $1 million decrease in non-comp, non-store sales and a $3 million decrease from closed stores. For 2019, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $10 billion to $10.3 billion. As Greg previously mentioned, our gross margin was up 44 basis points for the quarter as we saw benefit to acquisition costs, mix and pricing. On a year-over-year basis, first quarter gross margins benefited from sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to the recent tariff-driven acquisition price increases and corresponding retail and wholesale price increases, and we'd expect this to be a year-over-year benefit to gross margin in the second quarter as well. As a result of the inflation-driven pressure to aggregate acquisition costs, we did not see a LIFO charge during the quarter and we don't expect to have a -- excuse me, we don't expect to have a charge for the remainder of 2019. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 22.5% of pretax income and was comprised of a base rate of 24.5% reduced by 2% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter of 2018 rate of 22.9% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.5% reduced by 1.6% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2019, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5% comprised of a base rate of 24.1% reduced by a benefit of 0.6% for share-based compensation. While the benefit from share-based compensation will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and exceeded our expectations for the first quarter, we expect these variations to even out over the course of the year, and we are leaving our full year tax rate expectations unchanged. We expect our base tax rate to be relatively consistent with the exception of the third quarter, which may be lower due to the tolling of certain open tax periods. Now we move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2019. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $279 million versus $311 million in the first quarter of 2018 with the reduction driven by increased CapEx and higher credit card receivable balances, offset in part by higher pretax income and a reduction in our net inventory investment. For the full year, we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance in a range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $609,000, which was down slightly from the beginning of the year and up 1.6% from this time last year. We continue to expect per store inventory to grow in the range of 2% to 2.5% this year as a result of the acquisition cost increases and the fourth quarter opening of the Cleveland DC putting pressure on the growth percentage. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 106%, in line with where we ended 2018 and where we expect to finish 2019. Finally, capital expenditures for the first quarter were $153 million, which was up $38 million from the same period of 2018 driven by our ongoing investments in new distribution projects Jeff discussed in his prepared comments as well as CapEx to convert Bennett stores, drive new store growth and accelerate technology investments. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $625 million and $675 million for the year. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.24x, in line with our ratio at the end of 2018. We are below our stated leverage target of 2.5x, and we will approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, we repurchased 0.9 million shares at an average share price of $347.09 for a total investment of $322 million. We remain very confident the average purchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash for our shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Michelle, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Thomas McFall: What we would tell you, Brian, is that there was some beneficial weather in all of our markets and some headwind weather in all of our market. I think as Jeff talked about, the overriding driver for the little softer sales than we anticipated was how much rain and cool temperatures we received in the center part of the country. We're not disclosing that comp variance at this point. Obviously, when you look at where we are versus our midpoint, it's relatively close performance and to call that out probably wouldn't be appropriate as we expect that to normalize throughout the year and haven't changed our comp expectation or total revenue expectation for the full year.
Thomas McFall: So our new store performance has been right where we would expect. Obviously, we're putting the Bennett stores, and I talked about that in my prepared comments, goes into the non-comp store sales, which throws out the calculation for a new store performance. But we continue to be very pleased with the performance of our new stores. When we talk about the number of chains that are out there and how we enter new markets, our business philosophy has always been when we're going to enter a new market, what we want to do is find out who's selling parts in the market and see if there's an opportunity to team up with those parts sellers, whether it's 1 store and with CSK, it was 1,300 stores. So that's always our first lead. But what we have to do is be able to find a win-win where they're looking to exit, we're opportunistic in our acquisitions. We continue to do a large number of 1 and 2 store acquisitions. When we look at the Bennett stores, not a huge store count but really a very solid team in the market that we're growing in and an opportunity to leverage those teams and those relationships in the market to really add those stores but also make our new stores that much better.
Thomas McFall: It's slightly above two. And what we would tell you is we do a detailed calculation on a SKU-by-SKU basis outflowed for the volume that was sold this year versus last year and prices this year versus last year. So as we talked about on our call in the fourth quarter and really we talked about last year's is last year we saw SG&A inflation without as much same SKU inflation as people reinvested in our industry and in retail in general the reduced tax amount, and we talked about it, this year we'd expect our SG&A growth to be similar unless we saw increases in inflation on the top line, and that's what we're seeing as we talked about in the fourth quarter that we're pressured on our SG&A from inflationary standpoint, but we're seeing those price increases flow through really started primarily with the tariffs. But really costs of interest and cost of health care and cost of payroll especially passed through in price increases. So we continue to expect to see about 2% SKU-on-SKU inflation calculated at a detailed level.
Thomas McFall: I think we would expect to see some opportunities to reduce prices. But tariffs are only one portion of what's driving inflation. I'd tell you that wage inflation is a bigger driver in aggregate of our price increases. So that's to be determined on how the market prices that through, how fast they come through. Obviously, we're planning our business from a go-forward basis that the tariffs that are in place will stay in place and that we won't see additional tariffs or reductions of existing tariffs to the extent that, that happens, we'll manage the business on day-by-day basis to make sure that we are being competitive in the marketplace.
Thomas McFall: So we saw a benefit in March partially from easing weather and partially from tax returns getting out there. We continue to view our low-end DIY customers as somewhat exposed to price increases. And to the extent that fuel goes up, they're a little more exposed to that. We continue to see it as a great business and a great opportunity for us to grow our market share.
Thomas McFall: And what I would add to that is we commented that the Little Rock DC and the DC in Tennessee are going to become super hubs. We have stores in those locations. The DCs are relatively small. So what we're trying to communicate is those are important markets for us that we aren't going to step away from and we'll continue to have a high level of parts availability at.
Thomas McFall: We saw a little bit of inflation. We talked about it in 2018 was the first year in the past five years that the saw some same SKU inflation, and we've talked extensively about that. A lot of it was commodity-driven and the first quarter was less than 1%.
Thomas McFall: And additionally, we would expect that some of our smaller regional competitors will continue to be consolidating increasing the number of stores that we would be able to have in the U.S. by replacing those stores with our stores.
Thomas McFall: Yes. April is our easier compare of the quarter. [Indiscernible] confidence is simply the condition of our industry, the gas price is down, miles driven and then, of course, the trend that we've been on for the past several weeks give us confidence in our ability to comp well throughout the quarter. We don't disclose our monthly comps, of course, but there is an advantage in April from a comparison standpoint as compared to May and June.
Thomas McFall: That's an area we continue to focus on. We want to be able to interact with customers in the way they choose to reach out to us. We've got a way from talking about specific initiatives that we're working on. What we would tell you is we continue to enhance the engagement and our website continue to improve the knowledge that we're passing on the customers from a SKU availability look up and delivery time standpoint. Those are the key focuses for us as 2/3 of the business is pick-up-in-store. So people want to find out, do we have the part? If we don't have it -- well, do we have the part? What part do I need? When can I get it? Can I pick it up in the store? So those are the items that we continue to focus on.
Thomas McFall: We would expect as we saw in the first quarter for our year-over-year growth to be more in the first and second quarters of the year and then to moderate in the third and fourth quarter. Based on that sell-through, we continue to work hard at making sure that we're optimizing our gross margin dollars on a daily basis. But year-over-year, we'd expect to be higher than the midpoint of our range in the second quarter and then moderating to come to our annual guidance.
Gregory Henslee: Well, Chris, as we said, March was the strongest quarter. February wasn't negative. January was pretty solid. But clearly, March was our best-performing quarter. It's spring hit and the tax refunds hit. And we had a little bit of a comparison issue in February relative to tax refunds -- customers who'd receive tax refunds and also the size of those refunds, and we think that was a primary driver of the shortfall compared to our plan in February. But those started coming in, in March, and we saw the pickup in business. And as I said, we've continued to experience a solid business trend to this point in April.
Gregory Henslee: Oh, I think there was some push forward into April probably as a result of the tax refunds being delayed and also just the weather that we had in February. People -- DIY customers, if it's pouring down rain outside for several days in a row, just don't have a chance to get out and work on their cars so they pushed that forward. And something else I want to mention relative to weather. As I've read some of the reports over the last couple of months relative to the polar vortex and some of the weather events, I want to make clear that the weather extremes, cold weather and hot weather, those are all good for our business. They drive demand. They because failure of rubber parts and freeze-thaw in cold weather that causes the roads to bust up and creates pot holes does damage to chassis parts and steering parts and things like that. But snow in and of itself is not good for our business unless it's accompanied by just incredibly cold weather that causes the freeze-thaw and bust up the roads. When the snow is hard, schools close, people stay home and our DIY business on those days is soft. And in some markets, we experienced some of that along with the rain in February. So I just want to mention that just for clarity.
Gregory Henslee: Yes. I would say that it was a good winter for the auto parts business. Not -- and again, that's not immediate results, but I think that winter that we had would be conducive to good business in the spring/summer as we move into those months.
Gregory Henslee: We tell you, it was a little bit more, which is not unexpected given the weather volatility and some of the headwinds we have seen from weather, which, obviously, when you talk about precipitation, impacts our DIY customers as our professional shops are primarily inside and also the delay in tax returns, which is a bigger impact on our lower-end consumer.
Gregory Henslee: What we would tell you is that the vehicle population in the United States moves very slowly. We haven't seen a dramatic change in the reported scrap rates and sales have maintained about the same amount. So we haven't seen a big change. And we continue to see the age of the vehicles get older as they're better manufactured and able to go through more routine maintenance cycles and be driven safely on the road at higher mileages. So that's change as the vehicle population we see happens very slowly over time, and we tell you it's pretty consistent.
Gregory Henslee: Yes. So we do a lot of work on making sure that our prices are competitive both on the professional and DIY side of the business. And we would tell you that we continue to be very competitive in the market and adjust our prices appropriately. When we talk about elasticity of products, it really depends on the product itself. For example, batteries have a high lead content and the change in lead prices leads to quarterly changes in the prices of batteries, but it's a very inelastic product. If you go out and your battery doesn't work, your car doesn't start, and people need to replace them. On the flip side of that, our routine maintenance items, for example, oil changes to the extent that you see oil prices go up, people can extend those miles that they drive between oil changes. So it really depends on a maintenance and a failure standpoint.
Gregory Henslee: And something I want to add, Matt, this is Greg, is that this is an old discussion here at O'Reilly. If we look back 20 or 30 years that we were talking about how we make more parts available to each store, and the reason it's become more of a discussion in the public forum now is our larger publicly traded competitors have gotten more into the do-it-for-me side of the business and realized that availability is the key to being successful in that business, it's just become more of a topic of the discussion. So we have -- as that has happened, we have worked to improve availability through hub stores and hubs and just better SKU deployment tools in our Spoke stores, we call them, stores that stand alone in the market where you -- they're not supported by hub or a DC on a same-day basis. So a big part of the success in our business, regardless of whether it's us or one of our competitors, is having the part on the shelf or having it available within an hour or 2 when a customer needs it.
Gregory Henslee: What we'd say is the addition -- some of the additions here are being offset by the closure of Little Rock and Knoxville. What we also continue to see is as you would expect, there's more vehicles on the road, more model years, more parts specific to each model that the number of SKUs continue to increase. So that we need more square footage per store to cover that SKU diversity. But what we'd tell you is that we continue to look for all the opportunities we can to add the stores, and we are probably expecting to have north of 6,000 stores at this point.
Gregory Henslee: When you look at the number of stores that are selling auto parts over the last 15 years, it's been relatively consistent at 32,000 to 34,000 outlets. So when you look at the top chains, we continue to consolidate the market, but we're a little less than 50% of the overall market at this point.
Gregory Henslee: What I would add to that is when we look at our guidance for each quarter and for the year, we're looking at a daily sales plan and obviously, April is the easiest compare. So our expectations are at the highest and we continue to do well versus our daily expectations for our 3% to 5% guide for the second quarter.
Gregory Henslee: I think we're still gaining share. What I would tell you is that some of our competitors don't report in the same periods that we report. So we internally look at our business comparing our sales to their period. And I think that, to some degree, paints a little bit of a different story. I think you also have to look at your stack with some of our competitors who have much easier comparisons to what we have. And then you also have to look at the makeup of their comp store sales and the -- and our competitors who have a substantial amount of job or business and how those comp store sales are calculated and so forth. So I still feel confident that we're gaining market share and over time, we'll -- this all plays out with our yearly comps and we'll see how that does.
Gregory Henslee: I don't know if it's an accelerating pace. I know as we look at some of the companies that we've talked about buying and not bought and some of the companies that we have bought, there's definitely some pressure on some of the independent guys as we grow into their markets as some of our primary competitors have improved their ability to be successful on the do-it-for-me side of the business, which is the primary business that most of these independently owned shops. So yes, I think that many of them are under pressure as those of us that have larger have continued to grow and improve the go-to-market strategy.
Gregory Henslee: It was more noticeable on the DIY side. I think that as you said from just a socio-economic standpoint, the do-it-for-me customer typically is not under the same pressure as the DIY customer. Many of which who choose to work on their own cars out of economic necessity as opposed to hobbyists and things like that. So yes, we see more pressure on the DIY side than we do on the do-it-for-me.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I don't think we'd come to that conclusion. We just look at our daily sales and kind of how we compare to the plan that we had for the year. And the trend that we started on in March has continued to this point in April. But it's hard for us to know exactly what the drivers of our comp store sales results are. We just simply look back at what's happened and say, well, this could have been a factor, that could have been a factor. What I can tell you is that March we finished strong and April has been strong to this point. And based on the daily plan that we have, we feel reasonably confident that we'll be able to beat or exceed our plan for the remainder of the quarter, which is what we're trying to do every day.
Gregory Henslee: Well, the legacy online competitors, obviously, their -- the thing they have to offer customers is that the price is typically, or in some cases, lower than what a brick-and-mortar price would be. This immediacy of need thing plays in, getting advice when you buy a part plays in. Just simply the helping people solve problems with their cars is really the business that we're in, in many cases. Our biggest opportunity, and the reason we are investing in this as our brick-and-mortar competitors is that so many people today use their phones to research before they make a purchase. And if we can provide our customers information that they might not be able to get from other sources and help them solve problems with their car, gather information about the part they may be buying, understand how to install the part and what tools it takes, those are all very important factors. And the relationships that we have with our customers, which the reason we're investing as much money as we are in this. The threat from pure online competitors, we don't see as being real significant from the perspective that there are so many parts stores in the U.S. and availability is so robust. And many of these products simply have to be bought same day if people want to drive their car that evening or the next day or whatever the case may be. So we feel like we're in a little bit of a protected business when it comes to pure online exposure, although our efforts and our competitors' -- our brick-and-mortar competitors' efforts are to simply be the best when it comes to content and exposing our availability and the information that they need to repair their cars.
Gregory Henslee: When we look at our total SG&A spend for the first quarter, we're right on plan. When we talk about the growth level, yes, we decided last year to reinvest large portion of our tax savings into service-related items primarily technology and store payroll. So the first quarter we had an adjustment for some of the benefits that we offer that was a relatively large charge, but we haven't annualized those. What we would tell you is that there was a growth in per-store SG&A would be obviously the highest here in the first quarter moderating in second and third and fourth. That's all dependent on what happens in the -- with unemployment and wage rates, that is the biggest driver of the increase. And as we talked about in relation to inflation, that we're continuing to see inflationary pressures in our SG&A and seen a benefit for that in same SKU inflation.
Gregory Henslee: Well, we've always viewed national brands or branded products as being extremely important, especially where there's a product difference. And that has been the case in many of the national brands where the product in the box is simply a better product or has some benefits that a private-label brand might not. What we do is we have multiple private label brands which are established as national brands. Some are brands that previously existed as independently owned brands by a supplier that were national brands and we over time have had the opportunity to acquire those brands and represent those exclusively at O'Reilly as national brands. So our strategy is simply that we want to carry the best products in our stores that provide the best service to our customers and give us the best opportunity to run a profitable business. And sometimes that's a brand -- a national brand that's not owned by us, sometimes it's a private-label brand that will represent as a national brand and sometimes it's a private-label brand that represents a significant cost advantage to our customers and would be an entry-level product that we would carry in our shelves and give them the option to trade up to a better product if they're looking for a better product and what our lower-end private labels might be.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Michelle. We just want to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued hard work and delivering another solid quarter. And I'd like to thank everyone on the call for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you very much.
