Tom McFall: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, I’d like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protections of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements, discussing among other things expected growth, store developments, integration and expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorists activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for more details. At this time, I’d like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: You know, we had relative strength throughout the country and yes, we were pleased with our performance in our Eastern division. We really were, you know, the best performing part of our company were the center country converted CSK stores, and the rest of the stores were primarily comparable on a division basis, and I would say that we were pleased with the Eastern division as well as the remaining division.
Tom McFall: I don't think we have that number here. We did take you know, several product lines and some categories out of those stores that we have sold through as close up products. We replaced those sales with hard parts sales. So, you know, our hard parts categories are doing very well, and enough that they generate solid comp when compared to the sales of these other more discretionary products that CSK had kind of gotten into over the last several years prior to us buying them. I don’t know if you have any quantification of that or not.
Greg Henslee: I don't think that we would be doing anything to would add measurable incremental sales. I think that every improvement we make we make because we feel like it's the best thing to do for the business that it improves our competitive position and improves just the customary action, but I don't think anything that we're doing right now would create a measurable benefit beyond the benefit that we get from having you know, robust POS systems that we have in place today.Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: I'd make a comment, and then Tom might have more details. You know, in the scope of our overall SG&A, you know, as you said there are many of the conversion expenses you know, payroll dollars that are expense as opposed to amortized and I don't think it creates a material difference in our SG&A. Tom, you may have a comment on that.
Greg Henslee: Well, I would hate to say that you know, that we could incrementally build annual models based on the beginning point being the difference between what we generated this first quarter and the first quarter of 2005. You know, that was the first full year that I was CEO of the company, and I remember the year well, but I don't really remember how the quarter is broke out. But what I would say Alan is that as we have these you know, strong comp quarters, we are in a great position to leverage our costs and our stocking focuses very intently on managing payroll, which is our single largest expense. As we complete these conversions and as we become more productive in the western stores, and our team members get more professional on our POS, their sales per month increase, we will become more productive and yes, I think that over time we got a great opportunity to continue to set records from an operating margin standpoint for the company. You know, the extent, and I guess the time in which it takes to accomplish that is dependent on our incremental comp store sales growth and our ability to leverage that which I feel very good about.Alan Rifkin – Banc of America: Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee: Well, Steve what I would say is that March was an outstanding month for us as proven. I know that you guys back into what you think our March was based on what we said on February 20th and, you know, the math is going to lead to the conclusion that we have really strong sales in March. April has been a good month so far. I would say that you know, maybe it has slowed down slightly but it is still a very, very good start to the quarter and we're comfortable with the guidance we gave 4% to 6% for the quarter, again not knowing what the rest of the quarter will bring to having confidence in the trend of business since the middle of February.Stephen Chick – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Greg Henslee: That has incrementally changed. It's increased some. You know, if we look back over the past 12 months, CSK by itself, the commercial business has grown better than the retail business and that's an ebb and flow from week to week, quarter to quarter for the consolidated company. Generally, our trend has been over the past couple of years that our commercial business has grown a little better than our DIY business. Now, we've been able to maintain you know, positive comp store sales growth in both categories, but generally speaking the commercial business for us is growing faster than the DIY. For CSK, we have a lot of opportunity on the commercial side and CSK is an entity by itself. The commercial business is doing better of course than the retail business.
Greg Henslee: Yes, well, it's doing better. I wouldn't give a definition on how much better, but yes it's doing I’ll say moderately better.
Greg Henslee: Well, we were very, very diligent stewards of our expense, and if we're going to do anything that got our SG&A out of pace with our ability to grow sales, we would build that into our forecast, and tell everyone we're going to do that. That's not the plan. Our plan as we add these outside salespeople, which CSK had many in place provided that we are kind of built into their expense model, just as we have as core O’Reilly. We continue to add them as we grow the sales, but we will not get our expense ahead of the sales growth.
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would say Scot is that the average CSK store should grow into doing something you know, very similar to what we've been able to do with the O'Reilly stores. You know, there is a you know, a big variance in the O'Reilly stores with if you compare rural markets to metro markets, but we generally have been able at core O’Reilly to keep the balance at approximately 50-50, again not by intent necessarily, but just by trying to do as much business on both sides as we can. In the Western CSK stores there are some stores. I would say approximately 10% of the stores that are in locations that aren't necessarily conducive or as conducive as we would like them to be to doing a large amount of wholesale commercial business. Those stores most likely will never get to a 50-50 mix, but the remainder of the stores over time we believe can do as much wholesale business as the O'Reilly stores do on average and our efforts are to work to build that.
Greg Henslee: Well, you know, I say, I made that comment in complete speculation, because we have no way to measure pent-up demand. We’ve all been in the business a long time and we've seen periods when economic pressures placed on consumers result in comp store sales growth that is not as robust as we would like it to be. Generally directly following those periods, you'll have pretty robust sales as people take care of the things that may be they deferred. So I think that with the winter weather that we had in many markets, I think prevented people from working in their driveways on vehicles on the DIY side. I think that caused some release of pent up demand in the springtime. I think the economy in general over the past couple of years has caused people to try and defer as many things as they could that didn't you know, absolutely have to be repaired. So I think that's more, maybe a slow release of pent-up demand as peoples’ individual financial situations improve with a growing economy. So I think you see some benefit of it over a longer period of time, but I feel like we had an immediate benefit when spring weather got here from some of the things that had been deferred over the winter, and some catch up for some things that maybe weren’t done during the pre-holiday season as discretionary income was spent on more holiday activity type of thing. Again that's all speculation on my part based on my experience in the business, but I, my observation would be that demand for parts right now has been strong based on the older vehicles being driven on the roads, and some release of the pent-up demand that we feel like is kind of accrued over the past year or two.
Greg Henslee: We have spoken about that our DC cost as a percent of sales will be up this year as we bring DCs online and get staffs trained. Those costs were higher than what they had been previous – in the previous quarter, but within what our expectations were. Obviously, when we do a big sales number like this, we always get a lot of leverage on fixed cost of our DC's. So that wasn't a big impact when we look at total dollars spent, it is within our expectations and you know, the cost of the DC's rolling on has – our DC ops group does a great job of planning and managing, and the results have been as we expected.
Greg Henslee: Chris, we would point to those stores gaining traction from being converted the longest, having more time to develop the commercial business, getting customers back or having competitive prices and inventory stock than we would put that on you know, geographic or weather, that’s right.
Greg Henslee: Well, I think if you look at the CSK stores that have been converted the longest, they of course are accelerating the best. The remaining stores are doing well as a result of the things that I just mentioned on pent-up demand and just you know, springtime being here and things like that.
Greg Henslee: Chris, we never gave any quantification of that. We obviously look at it internally from how much we're selling by product line. I can tell you that it was a pretty good headwind as were the changes in average ticket from you know, getting prices right. And as Ted mentioned adding entry-level product into the mix to the extent that you sell down to those, but it also drives our traffic for having that in being competitive and getting people in the store. So, you know, incrementally as we roll through the year, those headwinds will cease to be as big as they were last year.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Well, you know, you're under the business one delivery at a time, you know, one day at a time, one week at a time, and I think we're pretty careful about what we promised. As a matter of fact, as we originally started really making a push to come into the commercial business, we're pretty careful because we’ve learned over the years how hard it is to earn our commercial customers business back once you got it and you didn't do the job you promised you would do. So we've been pretty careful in describing what we're capable of and what we're not and promising more on the long-term of what we are putting in place and kind of eventually do. I think we've done a good job of managing that. I think the relationships that we're establishing a relationship that we can maintain based on being honest with the customers upfront about what our capabilities were, what they are becoming and what they're today in these markets. You know, Ted, I don’t know if you have anything to add to that.
Greg Henslee: I don't have a measurement of where the commercial sales come from. Many of these accounts are accounts that we're hoping that you don’t – that were opened immediately. When we put a store in the commercial business, we'll try to open accounts with virtually anyone that we would hope to do business with, so that when they do give us a call or they need a part they couldn't find anywhere else, we are capable of handling the transaction. So the way we measure, we would measure the growth as increases in existing customers, but also realizing that many of those customers were customers that have been – had a competitor as a first call for some period of time. So that's really a hard internal measurement, but my observation would be that generally we have developed relationships with many customers that we're not buying from Checker stores in the thinner part of the country and the western US and that we are working our way to becoming the first call for those customers, and we're probably not on the top of the list on as many as we would like to be today, but we're working our way up the list.
Greg Henslee: Well, I would just say as I mentioned earlier, you know, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance and you know, we were very encouraged by the integration plan execution. You know, we put an aggressive plan in place back at the time we acquired CSK, and we've been very fortunate to have had this outstanding team here at O'Reilly that has been able to execute the integration plan to this point and we are looking forward to continued success as we continue the integration and continue to execute in the core O’Reilly stores, and we will report further news to you after our second quarter performance. Thanks.
Ted Wise: Steve, you know, we don't break out the retail and our wholesale growth, but I would say they're very, very close to each other. You know, lot of the wholesale volume is just now starting to you know, be material because of the distribution centers, the nightly service and you know, we got all of the traditional product lines in place and you know, the hub and spoke system is working good, and again you know, there is a lot of strong competitors on the West Coast and it has taken you know, a while to develop the relationships, and again now we totally have the tools in place. So again they're growing about the same. You know, we anticipate the wholesale business will be much better this coming year, because of the tools we have and the fact that, you know, it takes more than just a few sales calls to build a relationship. You know, with regard to the competitors out there you know, on the West Coast it's basically you know, a two-step market. There is a lot of undercar small warehouses. They are regional you know, they have strengths and they have weaknesses. You know, they've got good inventories, but not necessarily broad inventories. They don't have as good a replenishment frequency as we do. So again, now that we have the distribution centers in place and we have our inventories levels where they should be. You know, we'll continue to make progress on taking market share in that regard. Lot of it is tied to you know, the personnel we have at the store, and again as we you know, mature you know, our programs out there, we won't be able to track and recruit you know, higher level professional parts person you know, away from these more traditional two-step type competitors. You know, and when that starts happening you know, you hire you know, one or two in a market and then you know, two or three more and pretty soon, you know, the profile of your installer service specialists you know, change to where you basically have experienced parts people, you know, on the ISS counters [ph], and not to say that you know, we don't have a lot today it is just that, you know, as we roll out more installer stores you know, from retail installer we’ll have to add you know, the experience levels you know, to grow the business and that's you know, work in progress and we are making good headway in that regard today.
Ted Wise: Yes, Michael we're definitely street smart in that regard and very conservative. We learned a long time ago that you can go out and buy business or promise the world or the sky from a service level and if you mess it up you'll lose the customer. So particularly out there we are, you know, we had so much going on last year from moving products and just getting the store raise new business. You know, we were conservative. You know, a lot of times we would wait to rollout delivery service until we had the right staffing in the store, and kind of take it one step at a time with a long-term you know, commitment to service. On the other hand where we’re in a good position with the right people in the store and you know, the right competition, we were very aggressive. So that evaluation process goes on, you know, district manager and regional sales manager, you know, making a game plan to reach an individual store.
Ted Wise: Michael, first of all CSK’s model was to have fewer customers, maybe larger volume customers based on price. We want those customers but you know, our philosophy is to do business with every customer in the market area. So we're calling on and have accounts with customers now that, you know, the former CSK folks didn’t even know exists. So you know, our customer base is much larger, and the greatest point, you know, when there are new customers it takes time to earn the business and work your way up on the first call list.
