Thomas McFall: Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our first quarter 2021 results and our updated outlook for the full year of 2021. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas McFall: Chris, this is Tom. So it's unusual for us to include the quarter that we're in and provide updates to our guidance and include that. So when the stimulus hit this year, business accelerated beyond our expectations. And as Greg talked about, especially on the DIY side of the business -- so we've included that in our guide and talked about it being strong because of that driver. To parse out the individual weeks is something that we're not going to do. But I would tell you that throughout April, we've been very pleased with our performance, and it's been above expectation.
Thomas McFall: Chris, as you know, we don't talk about our actual distribution costs as a percent of sales. Our comments are in relation to the first quarter of last year, though significant leverage this year helped our gross margin improvement. In relation to the fourth quarter, we continue to work hard to push a lot of volume through our boxes more than was really ever designed. So our teams, as Greg said, have done an outstanding job of making that happen. But whenever we see these high volumes, we're going to have more leverage than we normally would, offset by inefficiencies just created by how, [indiscernible] high, the volume that are going through the DCs is.
Thomas McFall: Scot, this is Tom. I'll answer that question. So our discussion of performance was versus our expectations. Obviously, our expectations for the end of March were raised comp because of the soft performance last year. Same thing for the beginning of April. So versus our expectations, we have a higher level of expectation. We outperformed that as we've outperformed our expectations all quarter long through the date of this call.
Thomas McFall: Yes. So in our prepared comments, we did discuss that our -- one of the items that we're thinking about through the remainder of the quarter is when -- was there some pull forward in this big rush of business at the end of March through April. For those of you who followed our industry for a while, you know that there can be some movement between the first and second quarter based on the timing of spring when customers get out and do their spring cleanup. Within this acceleration of business, we're assuming that some of that was pull-forward, and that's inherent within our guidance for the year.
Thomas McFall: Okay. Michael, I'm going to try to answer your question. You were breaking up a little bit. I'm not sure the premise of your question that you started with is accurate. We're obviously not providing quarterly guidance this year as we've done in the past. But what I'd like to remind everyone is that when we discussed the second quarter last year in quite a bit of detail, after 2 or 3 weeks in April, on the onset of the pandemic that were very difficult and then we saw stimulus come in and the business reverse, that carried through May and June. And May and June are our toughest compares of the year. So I'm uncertain that the premise you laid out at the beginning is how we're thinking about the business when we look at 2-year stacks and performance on a monthly basis for the full year.
Thomas McFall: Wow, that's a tough question. There have been pressures on supply chains within our industry and in the economy in general and shipping pressures. So how soon those ease and how we come out of the pandemic will determine that. We hear the word transitory a lot from economists. To the extent that they persist, we could see higher inflation than we had projected. We saw a little bit higher than expected here in the first quarter, although we expected that to ease in the back half of the year. To the extent it doesn't, we are going to remain rational in our pricing, and we would expect the industry to also remain rational.
Thomas McFall: When we look at pricing, for the vast majority of the things we sell, they're need based. We are -- we want to be competitive in price, but we really want to win on service. So when we look at what's the appropriate pricing, we manage that on a SKU-by-SKU, store-by-store market basis. But we expect to continue to follow the pricing strategy that we've used for a long time that's made us successful.
Thomas McFall: Okay. So when we see price inflation, we want to react in a timely basis. Part of that depends on what -- how much inventory we have, what the competitiveness of the market is. But our expectation is that if we're going to have acquisition price increases, we're going to attempt to maintain a gross margin percentage. And those additional dollars that come with rising prices will help offset SG&A rising prices because they go hand in hand. On the professional side of the business, our guidance for the year was that we were going to have very tough compares on the DIY side of the business and the professional is going to continue to grow. And professional carries a lower gross margin because those customers are buying with volume discounts. So that was inherent within our guide for the year, that we would have stronger growth on the professional side of the business. And as Greg called out in our first quarter, part of the gross margin growth above our expectation was due to DIY growing faster.
Thomas McFall: Well, I'll have to look back at the transcript. I think that I said our -- we expect our gross margin to be pretty similar, all in. Obviously, we had a little better performance than we thought during the first quarter, not enough to make us want to change our range.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Greg, this is Greg. So we were very pleased with both sides of the business. We're very pleased with the positive results we had, both in traffic and ticket average on both sides of the business. Similar to what we saw last year when government stimulus was introduced, the DIY side of our business typically benefits more quickly and more favorably than the DIFM side. With the benefit that we saw in March and, to a lesser degree, I guess, in January, that really impacted the DIY side of the business and broadened that spread over what we saw in the past couple of quarters, more similar to what we saw when the last incentive was in place, I guess, was the second or third quarter last year.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. It's a great question, and I wish I had a great answer for it. It's -- we know that the share gains are a contributor for the quarter. But we also know that stimulus is a contributor for the quarter, and weather is a contributor for the quarter. So it's hard to differentiate how much of the benefit in the quarter was from share gain. And I'll tell you, if you talk to our stores up and down the streets, they'll tell you that we are, without a doubt, taking share. They're seeing repeat customers. We're focused on making sure we're providing a high level of service to all those customers. And we still feel like we're hanging on to some of that share gain, both from big box and from some of the smaller 2-steppers. I just don't really have a good way to quantify how much of the sales improvement was from -- specifically from share gain.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Scot, this is Greg. It's the latter. Early in the year on our fourth quarter call, we talked about the uncertainty and all the unknowns that we would face in 2021, including government subsidies and weather and miles driven and vaccine availability and all those things. So our updated guide is based solely on performance to date through this point in April. We've made the same assumptions that we made first part of the year on the back half of the year. And there's just so many unknowns that we didn't make any adjustments for the back half.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Brian, some days, I wish I wouldn't have even called that out. Because we called it out more of an anomaly, that car care -- I'm sorry, washes, waxes, a lot of performance products, we just saw more growth than we typically see last year. Now when you compare that to batteries and a lot of other hard part categories, sales were much stronger in those categories last year than they were in these, what you call, hobby categories. But we called it out last year because there was some sort of an anomaly. When you look at 2021 performance in the first quarter, we did sell a lot of car care products, and performance was still -- performed very well. As a matter of fact, all of our categories performed well. But when you look at those categories, those unusual categories that spike, performance -- there's an enthusiast out there that buys performance parts day in and day out, but your average consumer doesn't buy a lot of performance parts. They buy OE replacement parts. So we have seen that trend continue, but probably to a lesser degree than what we saw last year. But again, that's really not a significant driver to the comp. The more significant driver for our core categories, battery, brakes, under car, things like that, which also have performed very well this year.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Michael, if you look at the dollars as opposed to the percentages on a 2-year basis, I think our projections are still pretty aggressive.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Liz, I would say that our industry actually performed pretty well. There are some small players that we're having conversations with that may be an opportunity for us to acquire. We're looking -- we're always looking at acquisition targets. We're always looking for strategic acquisition targets that are a bargain or a competitive advantage or a market that we need to move into, and we value those acquisitions accordingly based on the value to -- that it brings to the company. There's just not a lot of bigger acquisition targets, larger chains left out there that are in markets that we don't already have exposure to. So really, what we're focused on is the smaller acquisitions. And when I say smaller acquisitions, I mean, 1, 2, 3, maybe 5, 10 store chains, just whatever comes down the pipe. We would absolutely be open to some companies the size of a bond or a vintage that may have 20, 30, 40 stores, should those come available. We also continue to look for acquisition opportunities outside of the U.S. as well.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. It's a great question, Zach. The fact that new car sales are softer and used car sales have been pretty strong, a lot of that's based on supply and demand, that's good for our industry. That's good for our industry for a couple of reasons. One is, as you allude to, the DIY channel, a lot more of those maintenance repairs and maintenance cycles can be performed in the DIY channel. And also, most of the time or a significant portion of the time, I should say, those vehicles are probably out of warranty. So they're out of the warranty period. The consumer has two options: option A is to go to their independent garage, one of our professional customers; or two, do the repairs themselves. Or take it back to the dealer, which most consumers probably would not choose because of the cost factor of making those repairs. I think we've seen over the past year a willingness of the DIY consumer to do more repairs and maintenance on their vehicles than we have historically seen. Is that going to be -- is that going to continue into the future? It's hard to say. I sure hope it does. As I've said in the past, I think that there's some traditions involved here. I remember changing the oil in my car with my dad when I was younger. And hopefully, some of these traditions where you had a father showing their children how to change the oil and maybe change suspension or breaks, the easy repairs, hopefully, a lot of that sticks and stays in the DIY channel. But either way, whether it's the DIY channel or the DIFM channel, the strength in used car sales should benefit our industry and the aftermarket.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Jack. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a record-setting quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. Greg, obviously, the pandemic really impacted our ability to get down and work with the team last year. I mean we basically had to handle everything we've done via Zoom calls. But integration is going well. The team performed strong. They had a really good year last year. They were impacted by the pandemic in Mexico, somewhat like we were. Probably not as drastically and it was a little bit later, but business picked back up strong, and they finished the year strong. And everything is going good. Hopefully, as the pandemic eases we can get back down there and work with the team and continue the integration. But we're really excited about Mexico and the team and what they've accomplished.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. With over 5,600 stores out there all across the country, there's always going to be markets that we just know that we can do better in. And that's what our sales and ops team are out there focused on every day. But honestly, we're pretty pleased with our performance across all our markets in the first quarter, really exceeding our expectations on both sides of the business since May of last year. And that trend really continued into the first quarter of 2021 as well. Now our newer markets in the Northeast and the Southeast continue to ramp up strongly, just as you expect they would, based on the maturity of that group of stores. But as Greg mentioned in his prepared comments there, February was a little softer for us, especially in our Southern markets. And that was really due to the -- just the severe winter weather they experienced that they're just not accustomed to. But we always do everything in our power to make sure that we're there for our customers when these type of weather events occur. Whether it's extreme weather -- winter weather like we just experienced or a flood or wildfires out West or hurricane, we always do our best to be the local store, the last store to close and the first store to open during these catastrophic events. We just know how important it is to be there for our customers that are living through these type of disasters and need parts. And this commitment is top-notch customer service, just really, it occurs at store level, one customer and one store at a time. And I just can't say enough about how proud we are of our store and DC teams as well as our support teams there in the offices.
Jeff Shaw: Well, you pretty well covered it, Tom. But there again, I mean, we've always taken a long-term view on staffing and doing what's right for our business kind of store by store and really making sure that we staff to grow the -- provide excellent customer service and grow our business, and that varies by store. We've definitely -- we skewed to hiring back more full-time team members. And it's just a full-time team member provides -- those are more tenured. They're more experienced, and they provide just a higher level of service. And one of our -- I guess, our weaknesses for a long time that we're really focused on is just improving our service levels on our nights and weekends and really trying to shore up there. And that's been a big initiative for several years now, and we feel we're making pretty good headway on that.
Jeff Shaw: Sure. I'd say overall pricing remains pretty rational. I mean you see certain regional players maybe that run certain deal certain times of the year. But all in all, across the board, pricing is pretty rational. We obviously stay on top of it and react accordingly to make sure that our price is always competitive in the marketplace and then really focus on winning with availability, service and relationship.
Jeff Shaw: What I would add to that is our history shows that we're a willing participant to consolidate the industry. When we look at the players that are still out there that would be a target for us, the players that are left are strong performers. And those performers tend to come up for sale when there's a change in ownership or it's a family-run business, and they're not going to pass it on to the next generation. So that acquisition pipeline is more determined by individual events at different chains than macroeconomic circumstances.
