Thomas McFall: Thank you, Tamika. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call, if they are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on our public debt, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, for more details.  At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas McFall: The change that are out there are smaller and they're in that range. What we want to do is balance, being very committed to continuing to be investment grade rated, and having the flexibility to do those. We're currently below our leverage target by a good amount but we want to walk into those slowly over time. So...
Thomas McFall: Two years from now is an easier target to give you. When we look at our vendor base and our mix of products, we would target right now where we sit today in the 60% to 70% range over the next couple of years. When we look at this specific point in time in March, the 48.8% is a very good number. When we transition out of the winter into the spring, just based on the churn of inventory, our AP to inventory ratio climbs from a low point in January to a high point in the middle of the summer and timing of purchases and special -- maybe on uncertain purchases can affect our first quarter AP, that inventory ratio quite a bit. And that's why when we look at where we're at, part of it is going to be permanent, and part of it is transitional based on rolling into the summer.
Thomas McFall: We're pretty close on where we thought we would be on gross margin. It reflects the results from the first quarter and having a positive outlook on managing SG&A.
Thomas McFall: Yes. And over the long term, that's our opportunity, our biggest opportunity, we feel, to drive operating margin is to continue to be more and more efficient with our SG&A.
Thomas McFall: No. The spread stayed pretty close. There's always been a spread or somewhere between I'd say 300 and 500 basis points. And depending on the market that you're in, you can have a -- you can be at a market where you have an aggressive, what we call them, two-step operations. But they're just under hardware houses that buy directly from manufacturers and the low operating expense and price can get eroded in those markets pretty well and you'll have a more of a spread there than you would in other markets. But on balance 400 to 500 is pretty consistent with what it's been for some time now.
Thomas McFall: Well, all of this, as we try to categorize our cash sales or charge sales, there's -- we all -- 8 different perspectives on the way we look at what's cash and what's charge. CSK, as a company, had a different perspective than we have on that. And for that reason, for our internal reporting, some of the accounts that they considered to be what we would consider to be a cash sale, they consider to be a charge or a professional sale. So for that reason, our comparisons are a little bit off. Once we anniversary those odd comparisons, both sides are growing well. From an internal comparison standpoint early on, it appears as though our charge sales are significantly outpacing our cash sales. But that's really not the case. It's a little bit of a re-categorization issue. So what I would say is, is that our cash sales are growing. We're comping positive. We'd like to be comping a lot better on the cash side. Our charge sales are comping extremely well.
Thomas McFall: One of the are the advantages, of the many advantages, of having purchased CSK is this would have been a much bigger impact on us pre-CSK because of our geographic intensity in the middle part of the country in the Southeast part of the country. A largest hit the West Coast, hasn't been affected by these storms. So that's a positive for us for balancing that across what our weather impact is. So it will all wash out in the spring business as it would normally kick in really strong. Really hasn't happened as much yet is what we will see here in this the next couple of weeks as spring really arrives.
Thomas McFall: It's hard to say. No question in some markets where they've had some extreme weather, that it's certainly had a bigger effect than gas prices. The gas price thing is just really hard for us to measure. The best way to measure it is just with miles driven. If miles driven decreases, then it has to have some effect. The unknown factor in the equation now is that with the cars that much older, how much of effect does it have? So that's hard to say. What I would say is short-term weather has not been favorable so far this spring, but we would put out the change here pretty quick. Long term, the $1.8 million that we've been saying we can get to with CSK, we feel pretty confident that we can get there by the end of 2013. We currently increased those store's averages by onetime a little over $100,000 per store, or something like that. So we're right on pace with where we thought we would be. So yes, we should be there. I think that we were probably a little conservative, maybe, on where we'll end up on these stores on a per average basis. We are looking mostly at the contributor to this to be our rollout of our commercial programs, our professional customer programs. Our big opportunity, as Ted and I mentioned is that we can become a much better DIY provider than we have been or the CSK has been on the West Coast and we're very focused on doing that. To the extent that we're successful there, we'll exceed the $1.8 million.
Thomas McFall: I guess if we look at our first quarter results and our second quarter guidance, we wouldn't expect the second half, which has tougher compares to excel from a percentage standpoint. One question I didn't answer that you asked was just about our -- how the quarter lays out from a compares standpoint. The way it lays out, I won't give you the numbers, but it's a tough compares starts some easy in the middle, tough compares in the end.
Thomas McFall: As we look at our LIFO, which is our last LIFO reserve, we didn't see a big change in the quarter. We did see some pressure on some commodity-based products. But to Greg's point, we continue to work closely with our vendors to try to reduce acquisition costs through exactly the right products. Have it manufactured in the right places. So net-net, we did not see that as a driver to the top line in the first quarter.
Thomas McFall: Consistently through last year, we saw both of them driving the top line growth. When we look at the average ticket comp, it's less inflationary based and more based on our mix of products. As we shift the CSK stores to more Professional Installer, more hard parts, more bigger ticket, dollar transactions that's really the driver of the increasing average ticket.
Gregory Henslee: We had a great quarter on expenses. What I think what reflects is a couple of things. One, that we're not spending all these dollars on training and conversion. And that two, our store operations group has really worked hard on productivity per team member, and how do we grow sales and drive sales results using our payroll dollars wisely.
Gregory Henslee: We would expect to continue to see very good leverage on SG&A. Maybe not quite as good as we saw in the first quarter.
Gregory Henslee: Yes. The CSK stores are -- I mean the O'Reilly stores are comping well. They're not comping as good as the converted markets but we're very pleased with the way they are comping. Now the things it's hard to compare currently to what happened when gas prices spikes so abruptly -- the last time they did this is that the cars are that much older. At least the average age of cars is that much more. So the miles driven really generate more productivity in our business or our industry than what it did previously. So I guess what I was alluding to in my prepared comments is it's kind of hard to predict how this will play out if gas prices get to $4.50 or whatever it is they're projected to get to this summer. Because I think we would expect miles driven to soften, whether they flatten or go negative is unknown. But the miles driven that do sustain generate more productivity for our industry. So it's kind of hard to see what's happening. But to answer your question directly, yes we're happy with the core O'Reilly comparable store sales. The converted market comparable store sales are better. But we're very pleased with the way stores are doing. But we refrain from giving the specifics on what our comps are by geography or by distribution channel.
Gregory Henslee: What we've seen is just a kind of a steady incremental ramp up of business that we see each spring that can be temporarily disrupted by short-term weather events like in the tornadoes and thunderstorms that have been persistent in the middle and the Eastern part of the country the last few days can be a little bit disruptive. But we've seen a steady ramp up of business. The variations that we've seen are probably most driven on a this year's comp basis by the week we had last year. There was some pretty significant variations in the comps that we had on a weekly basis last year for the quarter that we're in. And the comp trends had been very steady, or at least the sales trend has been very steady. The comp numbers are affected more so than anything by what we've see, by what we're comparing to. So we think that the range that we gave is a reasonable range. And we've not seen any abrupt change in the trend that we're on as a result of gas prices having increased yet. Not to say that, that won't happen. We haven't seen it yet.
Gregory Henslee: We still look at the opportunities within our markets both to aggressively grow stores and also to consolidate the industry, and see a lot of potential out there. We were still a fragmented industry. We would like to maintain our flexibility to go out and quickly, and aggressively when the opportunity presents itself, consolidate the industry.
Gregory Henslee: And something I would add to that, Colin, is that we feel like we're still a very opportunistic growth company. And while to your point, there's many of the companies that we could potentially acquire over time are relatively small companies and can be funded to a large degree with our facility and cash flows. Our thought right now is with us being still a relatively young growth company, although we've grown to being the second-largest chain in the U.S., we don't want to lock ourselves in to a long-term dividend obligation yet. That will be a discussion that our board will have ongoing overtime, and that may be where we end up at some point. But right now, we feel like share repurchases are the best way to reward our shareholders or to utilize our excess cash to reward our shareholders and that dividends maybe something that we pursue in the future as our company continues to mature.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I would put those, I would just say the three things that would be most important are some enhancements that we want to make to our point-of-sale systems, that will further enhance the content we use at point of sales to help both our do-it-yourself customer and our professional customers in just us managing the transaction and helping them with the products they're looking for, more pictures, diagrams, repair information, diagnostic information, things like that. That's a real important priority for us right now. We're focusing a lot of the effort on that. Behind that, would come a combination of our supply chain efforts just working with vendors to make sure that we're being as efficient as we can in our supply chain that we're acquiring products from the right companies, the right countries and that we're as efficient as we possibly can be from a supply chain perspective. In addition to that, that we're preparing for the future, is the car sales continue to migrate towards more import labels than domestic labels. Now I read the other day that the speculation was that as the import or gas prices continue to progress where they're projected to progress to, that import car sales could exceed half the car sales in the U.S. this year. That's happening. It puts us in a position that I feel like we need to do a better and excellent job and being a parts provider for import cars, especially some of the European brands that appear to be serviced by import specialists and shops that are not the typical domestic car shops. So part of our supply chain effort is to work and make sure that we're in a good future position for that. Margin management would come in behind that. We were just trying to use more science and technology to optimize the way we price, the way we evaluate sales, the way we evaluate market baskets, the effects of promotions, what goes along with the item when we are willing to give away, motor oil and whatever the case may be. That would come behind that. And then behind that would just be our ongoing improvements that we're making in e-commerce to manage relationships with do-it-yourself customers to be the easiest partner to do business with on the professional side and to make sure that we're adding value to those transactions with our professional customers by making it easy for them to give the estimates that they need to give, to have access to the information that they need to have, to give us -- to diagnose vehicles and things like that.
Gregory Henslee: Yes. They are useful on both that they're more useful on the do-it-yourself side than they are on the do-it-for me side.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think, Tony, that when you look at just through the most successful companies in our business, who's doing the most volume per store retail, things like that, it's clear that we have an opportunity, a significant opportunity to do more Retail business on a per unit basis. And the things that we think will help get us there are some of the marketing and advertising things that Ted said, just making customer's aware of the rest of inventory, the quality of products, the professional help we have. The one thing that I think significantly helped, and we're well down the road with this today because we've made incremental improvements as have our competitors and the information we use at point of sale. One of the things that I think can help us be a better DIY provider is just the information that we can put on our front counters to help our least tenured team members be better parts professionals. Just to give them the information that these customers, that really don't know a lot about repairing their cars. Given the information right there on the system that can help them make buying decisions while they're in the stores, help them make diagnostic decisions as to what parts they may need to be looking at. And then also to make sure that when they leave the store, they've got everything they need. If there's a special tool that they need to get their drain plug out of their manual transmission or whatever the case may be, we want to make sure that we're able to provide the information to recommend that item while they're there as opposed to sending them away with the fluid they need to change their transmission oil, only to realize that they don't have the tool at home to take the drain plug out. We'd like to sell it to them while they're in the store the first time. So those kinds of things are the kinds of things we're trying to focus on.
Gregory Henslee: First, on weather, this thunderstorm and tornado activity and just monsoon-type rain in the center part of the country has not helped business short term. We continue to comp okay, we'd comp a lot better had we not have these weather events. So there's no question that there's a little bit of a short-term delay in some of the business we've been doing in springtime as a result of that.
Gregory Henslee: It looks like, beyond ticket average and transaction count are both about equal contributors to our comp. Tom, I don't know if you had any additional comments about this inflationary effect on our comps.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I'll just close by saying thanks for everyone's time. We're pretty enthused with the success that we've had with the CSK integration. And we'll be working through the second quarter and the remainder of the year to make sure that we reap the fruit of the efforts that we put in place with this integration over the past two and a half years. And we'll look forward to reporting those results to you the end of this quarter. Thank you very much.
