Tom McFall: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call we will discuss our second quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2016. After our prepared comments we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor Provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: Alan, our increase of $0.20 is comprised primarily of share repurchases, and the increase in operating profit expectations primarily driven by a higher gross margin percentage through the remainder of the year. As a result of improved acquisition costs as we take these LIFO charges we end up with a higher ongoing POS margin.
Tom McFall: Alan, I could add just -- and the third piece as you stated is we're expecting to see a little better SG&A than we've seen in the first half of the year.
Tom McFall: Well Alan, a slight difference in what you said is our LIFO calculation is based on our inventory as a total pool. It's not based on supplier by supplier, so the elimination of our LIFO reserve and going into a debit position over time has been the culmination of many, many suppliers.
Tom McFall: We would like to raise it as high as reasonably possible with our suppliers. The reason, all things equal, the difference in the rate for us has a lot to do with the sales volume. And when we look at the middle of the year we have the highest sales volume. So we're in the summer selling season, so we're going to churn our inventory the fastest and generate the highest AP to inventory, so as we go into the fourth quarter into the slower part of the year we're naturally going to see some decrease. Also we kind of have a nine month look back to look at the sales churn to see how rapid that was. And if we look back to the previous nine months have been very good at sales and have helped raise that. We're expecting to come down, but not below a 100.
Tom McFall: I'll answer the first part. Our DIY traffic was positive for the quarter. Just professional was up more.
Tom McFall: Well, we raised some debt in the first quarter, and we've deployed -- returned a lot of capital to shareholders for the first half of the year, but we remain with cash on our balance sheet. So we're going to continue to deploy that in ways that make sense from a long term return standpoint. At some point we may consider a special dividend, but that is not on the table right at the moment.
Tom McFall: I think that it's both. I think there's some bolt on acquisitions in the U.S., I think there's is some potential targets in North America that are outside the U.S. We're exploring what our acquisition opportunities are right now. We never don't do that except for when we are acquiring a big company when we do the work to integrate that company and we might stand down for awhile, but we're always in the process of evaluating what might make sense for us and I think we're in a good position right now to acquire some of these smaller bolt on companies here in the U.S., and I think we're looking outside the United States for potential targets that would be in North America, Caribbean and those areas. 
Tom McFall: For the third quarter we're expecting a small LIFO charge, not a very large one, but we see that acceleration as we significantly reduce the LIFO charge from the second quarter and benefit from these lower acquisition costs.
Tom McFall: Well, we haven't given guidance for 2017, but the way the numbers work when we take these LIFO charges for the next 12 months after that charge is incurred we would have a year-over-year improvement in acquisition cost. Obviously the pricing in the market can change during that period, but from a purely acquisition standpoint we should have a year of tailwind.
Tom McFall: The gap is pretty close. We don't speak to them individually, but the commercial has been better, but the gap is -- the difference between the two is pretty close.
Tom McFall: July was our toughest comp in Q3, and then August and September were close to each other. But July would stick out as the toughest comparison that we have, so we're pleased that we're comping where we are now on the toughest compare month that we have for the quarter.
Tom McFall: Well, if we look at our average inventory per store, it's up from the beginning of the year. So we would expect inventory to be in a pretty narrow range on a per store basis for the remainder of the year. When we look at the end of the year that typically is our slowest time of business, we have the lowest level of safety stock in the DC. So we see a lower number at the end of the year, but we're happy with where our inventory is and we'll be relatively consistent on a before basis.
Greg Henslee: Seth, I think our industry is really healthy. I think all of the things that I mentioned relative to gas prices, miles driven, employment rate, those are all great things. I think that what our industry has experienced is all of us having reasonably tough compares from last year's great performance and the tailwinds we had last year, but then also this weather issue we are talking about. It's an issue. We had a mild winter and then we had a late start to summer, so April and May. Our May two year stack was pretty notably down from what we did in April and June, so I would relate it to that more than anything. I think that the industry tailwinds continue as the overall macroeconomic conditions contain or continue to be well.
Greg Henslee: I don't think there's been any major change. We had a lot of great competitors, and a lot of them are companies that don't publicly report and there are people that we compete with regionally that are great companies and are publicly traded companies that we compete with. They are all well-run companies, but I don't think anything has really changed. I think that we go out there every day realizing that we've got a big job ahead of us and that if we want to gain market share we've got to out-work and out-hustle our competitors like Jeff said, and that's our store operations guys' operating mode every single day. We never take the position that we're in for granted and we know that we have to earn it with each customer every time we receive a call from them as a professional shop or when they walk into our store, but I think we're in a good position to continue to do what we've been doing.
Greg Henslee: Well, I think that the most notable thing that we would have seen is in April and May is typically the HVAC and cooling business starts to do really well. Those businesses of course didn't do as well early in the quarter and they really picked up late in the quarter. The things that are comping best for us right now in addition to some of the hard parts categories that I mentioned that would be weather related would be like batteries that can fail during hot weather, at least get damaged and kind of conditioned for failure in the winter time but maybe fail in the hot weather. Cooling is always a big category and it's doing well, and then climate control and HVAC is currently doing well.
Greg Henslee: The things that you would expect to lag would be things like chassis, but our chassis business has been really well. We really haven't seen anything that has been a major lag relative to winter weather last year or during the winter. I think that had we had winter weather some of these categories would be doing better, but I think the overall macroeconomic backdrop is driving some of these categories that might otherwise be notable poor performers to not be as notable.
Greg Henslee: Well, I think there's a lot of factors on the DIY side that would cause it not to be as penetrating into our business as it would be some other portions of retail. Mainly the immediacy of need, when a car breaks you need the part. Some of the maintenance stuff you could of course order online and maybe wait for a weekend or something, but you always risk getting the wrong part or the application not being correct or not being able to have something that you might need that a parts specialist would recommend. Plus across the U.S. there's 35,000 parts stores, so there's very few places geographically that there's not a parts store fairly close. And I think we're all pretty price competitive. While we wouldn't be selling at prices that some of the online retailers would, I don't think we're that far off and wouldn't be that far enough off that it would make sense to pay freight and buy the parts online, so I think that's part of it. But a big part of it is just advice. A lot of DIY customers that walk into our stores are doing repairs on their cars not because they're hobbyists. They are doing so because they have economic drivers in their household that require that they work on their own car. And we're able to help them fix their car in the most efficient, expedient way, and online retailers just aren't able to do that. So they risk putting parts on their car they may not need, putting parts on their car that may not fix their car and it always helps to get advice when you're working on a car and we have a lot of guys that give great advice.
Greg Henslee: That's a little bit hard to measure because it's hard to draw a line as to where the weather impact began and where it ended, but we would -- based on our analysis we would say it's between 400 and 500 basis points if you compare the southeast which is not as weather impacted, and the western states which were not as weather impacted to how we performed in the central and central southern we would say 400 to 500 basis points. 
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would say, Dan, is that our effort to gain market share really doesn't change that much in bad times versus good times or when we're under pressure from weather or whatever the case may be. I think that the market share gain gap we may have with competitors, I would say that that probably, at least from our view, would stay about the same even though the total market share gain might be less. But I think that we're able to maintain that gap right now. From a recruiting standpoint, I think that things have improved. I think that we're in a pretty good position to recruit from a competitor or two that may not be doing as well as what some of their team members might like. And we're always looking for good parts specialists and individuals that can prosper in a great Company, and we feel like we have a great Company here that's created a lot of opportunity for existing team members and we'll certainly continue to create opportunities for those that come on board as new recruits that have skills and talents that would help us continue to gain market share.
Greg Henslee: I'll make a couple of comments and then I'll ask Jeff to make a couple comments on this. Generally speaking, it's payroll. Sometimes when business is really good we might work some overtime or allow individuals to work some overtime that would help cover the demand, but in down times we wouldn't have that over time and we work to manage payroll. And Jeff, you and your Team do such an excellent job managing this you might want to make a comment or two about this.
Greg Henslee: Well, I say this to be a little bit funny, but our competitors just don't tell us very much as you could imagine. But I don't think anything is really changed that much from a competitive standpoint. We have a lot of good competitors, and some of our larger competitors come into the professional side of the business and try to do more business with repair shops. They have good programs, they're competitive, and we view them all as competitors. I would say that we haven't seen a lot of change. I feel like we continue to gain market share and the gap that we've been able to create from a market share gain standpoint. I think we've maintained that well through for some time now, and even though we're all comping a little less than we did last year on the tougher compares and the weather issues I think that we continue to maintain that gap as about to where we were last year during better comp times.
Greg Henslee: That's correct. And what's been going on with them has been going on with them has been going on for some time. The acquisition has been -- that was a big undertaking, but I would speculate that there was some market share loss there prior to the acquisition that us and some of our other competitors were taking advantage of prior to the acquisition.
Greg Henslee: I think so. And this would be in an ideal world, and speaking specifically of the weather impact on our business and this is very short-term thinking because overtime this all revolves itself. But if we continue to have this blistering hot summer that we're having, if that extends well into August and late into August. And then we go through the back-to-school period where things slowdown and then in October, if many markets start having freezing temperatures where the batteries that were damaged by the heat start failing. Ideal for us would be a continued real hot summer, the little window that you have when school starts, and you kind of go through fall, and then an abrupt start to a real cold winter, that would be ideal and that would drive good comps for all of us. 
Greg Henslee: Well, Simeon, I'd say there's a lot of -- there's really every possible imaginable scenario out there with these owners. Some are just -- most are just really good operators that have survived a consolidating industry to this point. Some have children or people to help them manage their business that are very capable of managing the business even if the owners aren't as involved as maybe they have been in the past, and for that reason they may want to continue to own them. Others, when faced with the prospect of us and AutoZone and Advance continuing to grow and become more powerful on the professional side in the case of some of our competitors, they may decide that their business may be worth more today than it would be in the future and they may decide to not continue to own their business and sell it. So there's every possible combination out there, and we're currently looking at several of them to see if there's a fit for us. But like you said, sometimes the owners want to continue to run their business and in many cases they are very profitable business that don't have much debt and they may run them for years to come and be very successful.
Greg Henslee: Well it's always hard to measure. A wise man once told me that half your advertising spend is wasted and the art is figuring out which half you're wasting. But we're pretty happy and we're heavy on radio. I think we get a good return on radio, but it's very hard to measure. We spend more on digital than we have in past years as most companies do, but we continue with a lot of sponsorships. But we're happy with it as you can be. I think that we have a great Advertising and Marketing Team, and they've done a good job of making sure that we invest in the right medias, and we're reasonably happy with it. But again, it's a very tough thing to measure, and we're as happy with it as we've ever been.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Richard. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for our outstanding second quarter results. We are pleased with our solid second quarter, and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and are focused on continuing our momentum through 2016. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter 2016 results in October. Thanks.
