Thomas McFall: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our second quarter 2020 results. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas McFall: Matt, what I'd add to that is we saw strength across all our categories. We spoke to that particular set of categories because it acted unusually for what we usually see in downturns, as Craig talked about. When we look at downturns, we look at people deferring new vehicle purchases. And when we look historically, what we see is people catching up on unperformed or underperformed maintenance. And that was the biggest driver, we feel like the outperformance for the quarter.
Thomas McFall: That's difficult to say. As Greg mentioned earlier, our competitors haven't reported, although, I guess, one's reporting now. We're out on The Street calling on customers, trying to take care of our customers when the market is difficult. And as Greg talked about, the strength of our supply chain and we're able to provide parts that the Chaps normal supplier can't come up with. That's a benefit for us and ability to get our foot in the door and build long-term strength. We're happy with how our business is trending. We continue to call in our shops in a very safe way with the safety protocols and then try to help them through this, which has been a difficult environment for them also.
Thomas McFall: Yes. Simeon, one thing that is for sure is the trends we're seeing won't last forever. We know this is not typical. It's a unique time for the world right now and it's not going to last forever. If you look at this on -- you talk about miles driven and will it persist, if you break that down to the short-term and long term, my opinion on that is long term. I think miles driven will come back. I think people will drive their cars more miles again, as they've done in the past. I think there's a lot of consumers that are still concerned about mass transit systems from a health and safety perspective. You read about more and more people moving to the suburbs and out of the major cities, which is better for miles driven, more automobile traffic, less mass transit. So I think all those things long-term will support growth in miles driven. The caveat to that is from a short-term perspective, none of us know what's going to happen with stimulus. None of us know if there'll be another round of shelter-at-home orders in some of these markets, all of those things would potentially negatively impact miles driven for the short term. So because of the degree of uncertainty with all that, that's the reason for our list and called that out in our prepared comments.
Thomas McFall: It seems like it's spotty. I mean we're working here for a few places where it seems like maybe the shops have slowed down just a little bit.
Thomas McFall: Well, Greg commented in the prepared comments. And the reason we brought out appearance [indiscernible] type products is that's very unusual. Compared to 2008, 2009, appearance and performance and all of those more discretionary categories in 2008 took a big hit and maintenance and failure parts went up quite a bit. So that's different this time. I think it has to do with the stimulus and the people staying at home.
Thomas McFall: Scott, I think to address the other part of your question, our intent is to focused on professional parts people that are full-time and bring back the right people. If we look at the employment environment, pre COVID, unemployment was extremely low, higher -- much higher now. And we're going to be very selective in who we bring back or who we hire to make sure that we're building the core full-time professional parts people we need to win business.
Gregory Johnson: Matt, I think you hit the nail on the head there. This is an unprecedented time, and the results are quite dramatic. How they've turned around. We've got a lot of water to go under the bridge. And we're still in the middle of this pandemic. So for us to speculate on next year, I think, would not be appropriate to time.
Gregory Johnson: We know that we ran various SG&A and conferred some of the work we need to do in the stores in the second quarter, just to take care of customers. So we anticipate that it will ramp up our staffing to meet the demand. Obviously, we pared back our staffing significantly based on a negative 13% comp that thankfully didn't persist. So we know we're going to have a higher SG&A spend. We're going to continue to detail, manage that on a day-to-day basis. And the biggest discretionary for us is store payroll, and I'll let Jeff speak to that.
Gregory Johnson: Liz, to add a little bit more color to what Jeff is saying. I think we've run our stores just on a very, very tight budget the last several weeks. And we have got to get back, as Jeff said in his prepared comments, that some of the fundamentals on store appearance and some of the things that, frankly, have suffered over the past few weeks. So we're going to have to put some more SG&A dollars back into the stores. We've already started that to make sure that our stores, appearance and the customer experience is as high as it ever has been.
Gregory Johnson: Liz, what we would tell you is on a year-over-year basis, we do our best to create an environment and a model in a company that can increase operating profit dollars year after year, which is what we've done. To the extent that the tax system changes, that's out of our control. And we need to be focused on how we continue to generate increasing operating profit dollars.
Gregory Johnson: I don't think we've seen a lot of change yet on the parts store side or the professional installer side of our business. We've seen a little bit, but nothing material. As far as market share gain, Bret, it's really hard to say until the next few weeks, and we see what all of our competitors board. It's hard to tell what their sales look like. We know our sales were strong. We're very, very pleased with the performance of our store and DC teams to drive the results that we drove this quarter. We feel like we've taken some market share, but we won't know for sure until we see the earnings releases. When you look at big box specifically, that comment is centered around myself and others have seen a lot of product outages, not necessarily only in the auto parts sector, but just the big box and the pure e-commerce players have struggled somewhat over the past several weeks due to pandemic. And they've had challenges staying in an in-stock position, and we're very, very proud of our supply chain because we've been able to maintain an in-stock position both for our brick-and-mortar and our online customers and we've seen some shift. It's no secret that our e-commerce business, our online business has improved through this pandemic as it has for most retailers, but the trend has continued that the majority of that volume continues to end up in our store, either in a pickup in-store, shift to store or curbside pickup that we've implemented. So I think that a lot of consumers have regained confidence in some of the brick-and-mortar players, especially those that have strengthened their supply chain. And it performed really well through the pandemic.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. We're not going to break out the numbers between DIY and DIFM. What I would tell you is, as we said in our prepared comments and on our prior call, I think everyone realizes that April started out really slow. And as the government subsidies kicked in, I would say that the DIY side of our business ramped up much more quickly than the DIFM side of our business. I would tell you that for April, May and June, overall, we comped positive in all 3 months, with May and June being stronger of the 3 months, and those trends have continued into July.
Gregory Johnson: Well, that will depend on what happens with pricing. We're always trying to reduce our acquisition costs through scale and sourcing and to some extent, private label. So that will be depending. When we look at the second quarter itself, when we looked at our plan, we were anticipating continuing to get a LIFO benefit in the second quarter. But because of negotiated price decreases, we actually offset that and had a headwind. So that was a headwind to margin for the quarter, but an annuity attached to it as we have lower acquisition costs. Otherwise, we would have had a higher year-over-year improvement in gross margin, driven by the higher DIY mix and the leverage -- the distribution cost. When we look forward, we would anticipate pricing -- acquisition prices to be relatively stable through the end of the year and our expected plan benefit was less as we theoretically sold through the pre-tariff goods. So we'd expect to be relatively neutral for the remainder of the year.
Gregory Johnson: And on essential, we worked with a lot of industry organizations early on to ensure that most, if not all, markets would make sure that auto parts supply and repair related essentially.
Gregory Johnson: And again, I got the comment I said before. I've heard this multiple times from our sales teams as some of these shops are saying in those markets, I think there's still some degree of concern for safety with taking your car to a shop, perhaps for some of the tasks that you might want to tackle at home, oil changes, breaks, things like that, where you may have traditionally taken that core to a shop for those jobs. Now you got more time to perform those half, and you're just not totally comfortable yet dropping that car off and having someone you don't know inside your car from a safety perspective. I think there's still some, some degree of concern there.
Gregory Johnson: Right. I mean, if you look back in '08 and '09, we thought consumers expending service interval is delaying some of these repairs that they could. We haven't seen the same thing this time around.
Gregory Johnson: Scott, the other thing, this is Greg. I think sometimes we tend to underestimate the task at hand here. When you look at our stores that are operating shorthanded and delivering the sales volumes there. It just speaks to the professionalism in our stores, and that's where we've built our success on. And so we've got the same situation in our distribution centers. Our distribution centers are operating shorthanded. They're working long hours. They're working weekends in a lot of cases to keep up with demand in our stores. And that's just not sustainable long term. We've got to put some more, some more labor dollars back into our stores and DCs. And
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Bridget. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: Well, there being, I mean, we've always managed our payroll 1 store at a time, and we always really tried to do our best to tie our staffing levels to what our business has done. And when the pandemic hit and we have a drastic drop in volume in mid-March that persisted for a few weeks. We obviously had to react to that and adjust our payroll accordingly. We -- as we always would in seasonal downturns or things like that. I mean, this was more dramatic than we would normally see. So we obviously implemented the procedures that we have in place to manage our payroll, starting with the hiring freeze and just not hiring. And then adjusting hours based on the demand in the store, adjusting part-time hours, reducing overtime, transfer people between stores. I mean, all the things that we would normally do to manage our payroll appropriately for the volume of the business.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. I mean, really, the COVID pandemic has impacted this in every market across the country. And we -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, I mean, we saw pressure across the entire chain starting in mid-March, and it persisted for several weeks. But then when the stimulus checks are in there in the third week of April, I mean we've seen a dramatic uptick in our business, really all across the country and in all markets. And it really exceeded our expectations on both sides of the business. As we've mentioned several times in our prepared comments, I mean, demand is one thing, but we're extremely proud of the way our team members have really stepped up to the plate and taking care of our customers, satisfying their needs through these challenging times.
Jeff Shaw: So yes, the DIY side of the business was the bigger contributor to our comps. The DIY business really took off as soon as the stimulus checks started. The professional business really didn't start to turn around in dramatic fashion until the stamp home orders started to lift. So inherently, there was a narrowing of those 2 throughout the quarter, but both remain very strong.
Jeff Shaw: I would -- this is Jeff. I would just add to Tom's comments on really the strength of the supply chain availability. As you know, availability is key to grow in the professional business. And we've always prided ourselves on our service level, a big part of that being availability. And when you have the bar on the shelf, and maybe somebody else doesn't, that maybe was a primary supplier, you could you could move up in the call list in that shop.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, this is Jeff. I'll speak to that one. No doubt it was early on when the pandemic broke out and all the shelter and place orders were in place. I mean there were shops that reduced hours, that there were some shops in some of the markets that actually closed during that period. And obviously, there's been a shortage of techs in some shops. But it seems like -- I guess this is kind of a statement that, that has rebounded coming into May and June. Now with these new outbreaks, COVID outbreaks in several states, we are hearing some comments about maybe some shops have slowed back down just a little bit from where they were when it kind of opened back up.
Jeff Shaw: Mike, what we would point you to, though, is the magnitude of the pickup in this particular economic downturn is significantly more and more immediate than 2008, 2009.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, Scott, I'll start with that. Tom might want to chime in. But obviously, on the average s G&A per store, I would think that we -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, we would move back toward what we stated as our goal early in the year. We've already -- I mean, there, again, we're talking about something that happened 90 days ago. And when the pandemic hit and the business took a dramatic downturn, we had to react to that. And we had to adjust our staffing by store to what the sales demand was. And we've been cautious on as businesses ramp back up. We had no idea how long this would last. And it's really uncertain times. And as we've seen, week by week, as we've seen the business, the demand continued to stay in place. We've ramped back up our staffing accordingly. No doubt, maybe not as much headcount as we normally put in, knowing that this is unsustainable, as Greg mentioned, and we've leveraged over time, things like that to maybe compensate for headcount. But we'll always -- we've always managed our business for the long run and staff to provide the customer service that's going to grow our business. And build those relationships, and we'll continue to do that.
