Tom McFall: Thank you, GeeGee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter 2020 results and our outlook for 2021. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Tom McFall: Okay. So on the guidance for the comps of negative two to flat, we break that into two pieces. We didn't see the incredible upside on the professional side of the business that we saw on the DIY side of the business and consumers have more time on their hands. They had government money in their pocket book. And as we talked about, took on larger projects, some of which are very atypical for economic downturns, where they were working on projects and making sure their vehicles were maintained.  So when we look at the professional side of the business, we continue to see growth on that side of the business. On the DIY side of the business much more cyclical. And after the huge gains in 2020, we'd expect them to be pressured in 2021. On the miles driven, it kind of feeds off of that same comment. We would expect as miles driven to increase that our business will see a positive impact from that, with the caveat that we sell a lot of DIY projects during the year, ultimately for our business to be up that much. Consumers were being more proactive in maintaining their vehicles and the amount of underperformed or unperformed maintenance decreased.
Tom McFall: I don't think that the incremental leverage points for our business have changed, 2020 was such a dramatic year with sales being softer at the beginning of the year, and then down significantly at the onset of the pandemic. And that protects the health of the business. We made dramatic cuts in our expenses and then mid April sales turn directly north. So it was a very unusual circumstance. We weren't sure how long that was going to last. And we're very prudent on adding back SG&A. Obviously sales continue to be exceptionally strong. So comparison to the 2020 metrics is very difficult. That said, I don't think that the core underlying economics of our business have changed. And I think that we will go back to continuing to execute that very similar business model.
Tom McFall: Like what I'd add to that is as a multiunit retailer, we have a relatively high fixed cost to operate the stores. I think you saw in 2020 is that if we have the expectation, we're going to have a significant downturn in volumes that we can and will take very active steps to address our SG&A.
Tom McFall: So from a LIFO standpoint $6 million in the fourth quarter. We'd expect to be around that number, maybe just a little bit higher looking at the price increases. We're aware of currently in our expectation from moderate inflation rate of 1% throughout the year. So hopefully that covers our LIFO number obviously was significantly different and lower in 2020 than it was 2019 after the 2018 and 2019 tariff price increases that could change based on the tariffs. But as you know, we plan to continue to exist in the current tariff tax world. And as those change, we make the appropriate changes within our business. When we look at gross margin for next year, I'd tell you that absent any of those significant shifts, we would expect to be relatively flat throughout the year. 
Tom McFall: The tariff items are ongoing and have more to do with them being consistent with last year as comparing to 2019 when they were new items. The tariff exclusions, I think, we talked to occurred end of 2019 and 2020 and produced premium margins when those prices went – when the acquisition price went down, but the selling prices didn't go down. So hopefully that addresses that laundry list of questions. On the ocean freight, I don't think that we have seen – we've all read that that is an area of pinch point right now and prices are going up. I don't think that we've seen at this point, a meaningful impact of that. But obviously, we're keeping a close eye on that. To the extent that that rises within our industry, we tend to all acquire the similar parts from similar areas. And we view that as a input cost that should hit all of the retailers and wholesalers.
Greg Johnson: Yes. I add to add to that. Simeon, on the category question, we were pleased with our performance across the board. I did call out under car, really the only categories that underperformed were weather and miles driven related things like lighting and wipers were softer than what we would have liked to seen. But one of the shifts that we saw during the quarter, and I also called this out is the willingness and ability of the DIY customer to take on larger jobs than perhaps they would have historically. And for example, some are under car lines, like brakes really performed well and better than expected on the DIY side of the business that were typically, that would be a stronger category for the DIFM side.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael. This is Greg. Really, 2020 was no different than, than any other year. We have competitors out there, both on the professional side of the business and the retail side of the business that there's price movement based on cost inputs, there's price input based on commodities that go into the product there's price inputs based on trying to grow sales, changing suppliers, it's an ongoing battle. And it's something that we face year-over-year and really, we work hard both on the professional side of the business and the retail side of the business to make sure we're priced competitively. And frankly, I don't see 2020 as being any different than any other year in that respect. We did the same things. We passed along cost increases where we could as we always do, and we closely monitored our competitor pricing trends. So, so really, I don't think we did anything any different in 2020 than we would do any other year.
Greg Johnson: When we look at our fourth quarter of gross margin versus our third quarter, it was pretty consistent except for on the distribution side. We have lower volumes, so we have less leverage on our distribution costs. And quite frankly, our distribution centers have worked tirelessly all year and some of the normal maintenance and inventory maintenance had to be put aside as we worked to fulfill record volumes, and we had some catching up to do on our distribution side and had to spend additional payroll there.
Greg Johnson: Scot, here is what I would tell you, our sales overall grew incredible pace this year. And our e-comm sales grew at an incredible pace this year. But the end result is that e-commerce is still a very, very small percentage of our overall sales number. When you break it down by buy online, pick-up in store, or ship-to-store versus, ship, purchase in store, our growth was substantially higher, pick-up in store, ship-to-store, just demonstrating that the consumer again sees tremendous value in coming to our brick-and-mortar business, whether it's curbside pickup, or they actually come into our stores, in lieu of buy online, ship-to-home where they actually get additional discounts. So, we're very pleased with our e-com results. Although again, it's a very, very small percentage of our total overall sales.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I mean, Scott, the strength of our supply chain, I think, really, has been one of our competitive strengths forever. And I think it really shined through in 2020 and just demonstrated that true strength. One of the things that we elected to do years ago was to require our international suppliers to keep products stateside here in the U.S. And that helped us early in the pandemic, and we were very aggressive with our ordering on the onset, because we could see, as sales began to trend upward. That said, our supply chain was definitely pressured in 2020. And we did have some suppliers that underperformed, we still have a handful of suppliers that are not performing at the level that we would like for them to and we're working very aggressively to ensure that they get back up to speed. Some of that, much of that is related to the pandemic, whether domestic or international, we have one domestic supplier that has challenges with COVID right now in the market that they are doing their manufacturing and distribution is really being hit hard right now. But that's a short-term pain. And then there's a couple of suppliers that we're having issues with, it's more of an industry-wide event where we lost a supplier in the category early on this year. But what I would tell you generally is things have improved from a supply standpoint. And we feel good about the very few suppliers that we have that are not performing well.
Greg Johnson: Seth the first part of your question, I think, you can infer what you said from our data points that we gave. On the second part of the question, cold weather is good for us, cold weather brakes cars. To the extent that we have very cold weather, especially on the electrical and battery system, it will weaken those faster, and should provide support in the middle of the year, when it gets really hot, those weaker batteries will fail at a higher rate.
Greg Johnson: I think if you look back to our comments, especially in 2019, we were pretty direct that we were making premium margin on many products because of the shifts in the tariffs and the LIFO impact of having bought product before the tariffs. But having raised prices when the tariffs kicked in, and then having premium pricing on items where the tariffs came off from an exclusion, but the selling prices didn't change. I think we are pretty clear that 2019 was an abnormally high year. So, if we take that year out, I think, if you look over time, our goal is to incrementally improve margins 10 to 20 basis points through better buying and through more efficient distribution. Obviously, as Greg talked about it earlier, pricing is very dynamic in our market. And to the extent that we have a lot of acquisition price changes, creates the opportunity for better or worse margin. But as we've been in the last 10 years outside of 2020, end of 2018 and 2019, pretty consistent acquisition cost, very low same skew inflation, gives you a more consistent margin. So, I guess in short, what I tell you is that end of 2018, 2019 presented some opportunities to charge a premium margin in our industry, those who have run their course, I think, were back to an appropriate margin with incremental increases at a small level over time.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, GeeGee. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team once again for their continued, selfless dedication to our customers and for their incredible performance in 2020. We look forward to another strong year in 2021. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. And we look forward to reporting our 2021 first quarter results. Thank you.
David O'Reilly: Yes, Chris, as we talked about there are several levers, several tail winds that benefited us in 2020. And we certainly hope some of those dynamics carry over into 2021 obviously, not the pandemic itself, but some of the other trends. When you look at where we feel like we made the most progress from a share gain perspective in 2020, we feel like it was some of the smaller WD [ph] players out there that maybe don't have the supply chain strength we did and had the product availability that we had. I think that shift, assuming that our stores did a good job servicing those customers, which we all know they did, we hope that some of that is sticky business. And we're in a relationship business. And hopefully some of those customers on both sides, both the professional on the retail side, continue to come into our stores. The other area where we feel like we took some shares is the big box retailers. And when you think about what you experience when you walk into a big box store today, there's a little more apprehension with a lot of consumers about going into that environment for fear of contracting disease, you're masked and obviously all of those things. But I think some of the consumers rather than walk to the back of the store to pick up a battery or wiper blades, or what have you, fight that crowd, take that risk, and then go home and install those products themselves, they came to O'Reilly. And what they saw is, hey, we've got quality products, we've got competitive pricing. And guess what, we'll install those products for you there in the parking lot. So those customers that experience that shift in 2020, we certainly hope a lot of that carries over 2021 and beyond.
David O'Reilly: To add to Greg's comments, we'll have to see how it plays out long-term obviously. The vehicle sales were down due to the economic concerns and production concerns and then have bounced back. To the extent that consumers move more to the suburbs and rural and drive more miles, that's good for our business long-term. To the extent that people decide they want to control more of their own transportation, and the vehicle count per household goes up, that's another good item for us from a long-term perspective. Early in that cycle, we'll see how it turns out.
David O'Reilly: Yes, I don't know that we've looked at it from a loyalty perspective. I don't know that when a customer walks in our store if we really know if they were previously a big box shopper or not. So from a loyalty perspective, a lot of the demographic that shops in the big box stores you would think would be loyalty customers. They are definitely price sensitive customers. They came into our store. As far as sticky transactions, it was a challenging year for us, as Jeff said in his prepared comments. And our store team members just did a heck of a job working long hours to take care of customers, meeting them in the parking lot, doing curbside delivery. We upped our service level in 2020. And we certainly hope that that pays off from a relationship standpoint to maintain a lot of that volume 2021 and beyond.
