Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Adrian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter. After our prepared comments, we will host a question and answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor Provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce, Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Yeah, we'll end up with two or three additional distribution centers up in the Northeast. So while we're working now to fill out the capacity that we have in Devens, for us to move further West, we would need additional distribution capacity just to make sure we were in the position from a geographic reach standpoint to do what we do as far as at least overnight service but in many cases multiple times a day same-day service out of a big distribution center inventory.
Thomas G. McFall: What I would tell you is when we look at third quarter SG&A, it was pretty much on our expectations. When we look at de-levering, when we look at last year, obviously, we had a big, big comp number at 7.9%, so hard to lever against those sales. And if we look at the third quarter of 2015, there was 87 basis points year-over-year leverage. So very difficult compare from a dollar standpoint, we ended up where we thought we should end up for the third quarter. When we look at the items you're talking about, FLSA is a big focus of ours, and we've adjusted our compensation policies to retain our entrepreneurial focus, while minimizing the overall impact. So we want to continue to focus our store managers on growing their business, building great book of business and growing it and compensating them for that. We think we've made some changes that keep the essence of our program while complying with the laws. When we look at minimum wage, there are certain areas where minimum wage is going to be some pressure on expense. For those geographic regions, we'll monitor pricing very closely and try to maintain our profitability.
Thomas G. McFall: On the regional question, we're providing some color for just difference performance in markets. But to further quantify it goes beyond our level of comfort in communicating regional performance.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, hard to know for 2017. When we look at 2016, we'll have a moderate headwind, not as much as this quarter. This quarter was probably double what we thought it would be. We'll have to get together with the merchants and see what they have cooking for 2017 as they continue to work on getting us the best acquisition costs we can get.
Thomas G. McFall: I would tell you that our expectation for the fourth quarter is an inherent guidance and our net income have not changed from the last call. What I would tell you is that we had a wider range on the end of the last call because we had two quarters to go. Now we have one quarter to go. It would be hard to have a wider range on annual EPS than it is for the quarter. That wouldn't be logical. So, you see, it's...
Thomas G. McFall: What we would tell people, and what we said on the script is we would focus on, that we increased the midpoint of our guidance by $0.13 due to higher income in the third quarter and on additional share repurchases, and that's what we think is the important data point.
Thomas G. McFall: That has to do with the number of full-time versus part-time people that we employ. So what that number is telling you is we have a higher mix of full-time people in that growth area, which also has a higher cost because you're providing benefits, but we also feel it has a much higher productivity level, which you see in our top line.
Thomas G. McFall: It's fully based on the number of new deals we signed and the impact of those cost productions over the breadth of our inventory. So the short answer is we got more, better deals than we anticipated.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah, sure. Well, this acquisition is one that we overlap very little. They have a distribution center located in Barre, Vermont, which we will utilize for some period of time. And we're talking about right now whether or not we would utilize that facility for anything in the future. But the plan is that we would further leverage our distribution capacity in Devens, Massachusetts and supply those stores from there, while not sacrificing the benefit they have of availability by having as many parts as they have available in Central Vermont. So we would over time alleviate the need to have availability by putting in a big hub or something like that, but ultimately the replenishment would come out of Devens. From a real estate standpoint, the company doesn't actually own the real estate. We've entered a lease agreement with some of the family members to lease the locations that they own, and then we have other third-party leases that we would take over those leases and run the stores as leased properties.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think as would typically be the case in a new store, our DIY business generally comes on a little faster. With the VIP stores up in primarily Maine, those stores were heavy DIY stores. They really weren't a supplier on the do-it-for-me side because of the conflict they had with the shops that a previous owner had. So what I would say is that our DIY business has come on a little faster. We're doing a good job on the do-it-for-me side as we've progressively established what our company is about and the availability model and the service model and those kinds of things, so it continues to build. We see a lot of opportunity in the Northeast. There's a lot of high-population areas that we're not in. We have a lot of capacity in Devens that we've not yet used. So our plan will be to continue to build out that area of the country and become one of the dominant parts suppliers on the professional side, but then also put a big dent in the DIY business up there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, what I would say is that we've had pretty strong competitors on the e-commerce side in the DIY business for quite some time with some other suppliers that do a pretty good job there. Our DIY business is doing really well. As I said in my prepared comments, both our DIY and our do-it-for-me business were pretty well even contributors to our 4.2% comp store sales, so we're doing pretty well in DIY. Obviously, we see these e-commerce players that sell at prices below the brick-and-mortar companies online. There's a lot of elements that play into auto parts that I think differentiate us from many other retail channels. But primarily, it's about – and I'm speaking just on the DIY side. Many times, when a DIY customer walks into our stores, they're really needing help figuring out how to solve a problem that they have, and we provide that help. And not only do we provide the help but we are able to tell them the tools that they need to fix the car, just a whole array of things. And we even loan them tools. We've got a very significant loaner tool program where a customer will put a tool that they might otherwise not be able to buy because of the expense of a specialty tool or something, they can put it on a credit card, use it to install the part and fix their car, then bring it back for a full refund when they're done, and we put it back on our shelves and reuse it again for the next customer that needs to use that. So those kinds of services are pretty hard to quantify, but they're incredibly valuable when servicing the DIY customer. On the B2B side, and I speak from having done this for 32 years of previously being in the repair business, none of the shops or very few of the shops stock parts. They may stock a small array of filters or maybe a few belts or few batteries, stuff like that. But almost every repair that they make, the parts have to be delivered, and it's just so incredibly important that they're able to turn their bays over quickly and keep their technicians busy in order to provide gainful employment for the technicians but also maximize the revenue and the profitability of the shop. And most shops nowadays know that they can get 30- to 45-minute service out of a company like ours that has a wide array of parts, and our competitors, in many cases, have these wide array of parts. It's just hard for me to see a company like Amazon being a significant player on the do-it-for-me side. And I would tell you on the DIY side, while there are some people that are going to buy some parts or some accessories over the Internet because they can wait, because they know what they're doing in making the repair. The vast majority need help and appreciate the advice, recommendation, and the help we give them in repairing their cars.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there could be differences for all the things you said. In my prepared comments, I spoke to August and July on a monthly basis being Sunday affected, which Sunday is our lowest-volume day, and probably from a trend standpoint, a more meaningful way to look at our comp cadence throughout the quarter would be to look at it on a weekly basis. And I got that in front of me now. I can tell you our sales on a weekly basis were just pretty darn consistent throughout the period, and that consistency has continued to this point in the quarter, and this quarter our toughest compares to last year are this month and December. We have a softer comparison in November, and we've carried this healthy strong trend that we were on into this point in the fourth quarter. It's hard to say what our competitors were up against from a comparison standpoint on a weekly basis, what they were up against from just a geography standpoint, because I know some are more exposed to the weather-affected areas in the Northeast. And, again, this quarter, we saw a difference in the areas that we would consider to be weather-affected versus not. And taking into consideration the maturity of some of those stores or maybe the lack of maturity of some of those stores, we still would look at somewhere in the 400 to 500 basis point difference in comp performance between the weather-affected stores and the non-weather-affected stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, that varies a lot by store, by market. In new markets, where we work to get that first call – not first call status, but simply the first interaction with the shop, of course, in newer markets, it's new customers. In existing markets, it's just taking more of the business that they're doing. Most shops don't have just one parts provider. They share that business among a few, and although the first call provider can be 70% or 80%, or maybe even more of the parts provided, our work with those customers is to take more of their purchases, and I think we did a pretty good job on both. I feel like that we're gaining market share on the do-it-for-me side and I feel like we're gaining market share pretty significantly on the DIY side. But it's hard to quantify whether our improvements in do-it-for-me are coming from new customers or improvements in the purchases from existing customers, because it's a mix of both. And that's just something that's hard for us to fully quantify.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think it will be a great acquisition. I think anytime we buy a company that is from a size standpoint, as much difference as what exists between our company and Bond, there's very significant opportunities from just a merchandise cost perspective. They run a very good business, and they've built it over a number of years and the Bond family are great operators and they've got a great team there. So we would look more for the opportunity to be on the cost of goods side, and then just the advertising and marketing we can do to help them build a better DIY business and then just some of the efficiencies that we have through systems and better maybe product selection through some of the science and tools that we use to deploy inventory and make sure we got exactly the right inventory and the breadth of inventory it takes to gain market share. We're just a company that's very well capitalized to make sure that the stores are in the very best position they can be to compete and take additional market share.
Gregory L. Henslee: Bret, but the Frank's stores in Pittsburgh, they actually get serviced out of Detroit. That's still quite a distance, so as we grow Mass, we'll have to look to see where we position our additional distribution centers.
Gregory L. Henslee: Hey, we're opportunists. We would look at any opportunity to acquire a company that fit the profile that Jeff described in his prepared comments. So we would look at any and all companies that might be for sale, and then our decision will be made based on fit, geographic overlap, price, multiple factors that come into consideration when we acquire companies.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, like Tom said in these markets where costs are going up as a result of minimum wage changes and so forth, we work every day looking for opportunities to increase price while remaining competitive. So knowing that our competitors are under the same pressure that we are, over time, I think this plays out and the fact that costs go up, ultimately result in higher consumer prices, and auto parts would be no different. As far as our opportunity with omni-channel and just the various opportunities we have in businesses, we have an opportunity in the Internet. We're not a big B2C e-commerce player. We could do more and we're working now to re-platform our website to do a little more of that business. Private label, we continue to be a very powerful company when it comes to building these private label brands. As you know, our strategy is not to have a single private label brand that's viewed as being a private label. Our brands are really national brands that may have been retired by a supplier or whatever the case may be, and we've picked them up and re-established the brand. And many of our brands are now recognized even though they're what would be considered that, as we discussed this here, is private label. They're really viewed by our shops as being a national brand even though they're in our proprietary brand, and there are brands that we put products of equivalent quality to a branded product in the box. So we feel like we have a lot of opportunity there to continue to grow market share in the brands that we own. And that growth is accretive to our gross margin, as you know.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yeah, I think we're starting to see some of the change already. And I think that when we start getting the freezing weather in these markets is when I would say, okay, we've got to call the weather thing to an end. Because having come off of a very hot summer, when cold weather gets here, there'll be a lot of battery failures and electrical system problems, things like that, that will be attributable to the winter weather. So really, once we anniversary into winter and start the freezing weather is when I would consider the effect of the 2015-2016 winter to be over.
Gregory L. Henslee: And in addition, it's hard to draw a line. When Tom and I talk about this, it's very difficult for us to draw a line and say, okay, well, these are weather affected, these are not. Generally speaking, the center part of the country up in the Upper Midwest, and then also the Northeast are generally the weather-affected markets. The South and Southwest and so forth aren't so much.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're a little uncomfortable talking about the specifics of that pre-closing. We won't close until sometime before the end of the year, and we'd rather not get into the specifics about their financial performance at this time.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Seth, I'll tell you, there's never been a time in my 32 years here that we haven't felt price competition. We feel it every day. Generally speaking, it's on the professional side of our business, where companies that are trying to gain market share, and the most recent entry of some of the larger retail-type companies into the wholesale business is what's talked about most now, but for years we've had competition from a number of companies on the professional side. So there's always promotions, specials, new ideas. Something that's happening here recently is kind of the kit idea, where competitors are – and us too now – we'll put two brake rotors and a set of pads and give it a kit price rather than the individual piece price. So there's always a lot of competition. I would say that it's consistent with what I've seen the last 30 years, but nonetheless, there is a lot of competition.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we haven't given guidance for next year, and our guidance for the fourth quarter is a little slower growth. We've got a long process that we go through to plan not just the upcoming year, but years to follow, and we are going to sit down – and healthcare continues to be a pressure item. The big item for us is making sure that we establish payroll levels with enough help in the stores to provide great customer service and grow the business, so a lot of that depends on what our outlook is for growth opportunities. So we're not going to comment right now, but what we will make sure to say is that we manage SG&A over a long horizon, not just on a quarter or six-month basis. So we're going to have to get back to you when we finalize our plan for next year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Adrian. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for outstanding third quarter results. We are pleased with our solid third quarter, and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and are focused on continuing our momentum as we finish out 2016. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2016 fourth quarter and full-year results in February. Thanks.
