Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Robert. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Sam, this is Tom. We're experiencing what we would say would be relatively normal levels of price inflation, and we'd continue to expect, for the remainder of the year, that will fall within that range.
Thomas G. McFall: Colin, this is Tom. What I would also add to that is, when we bought CSK, obviously our volumes went up a lot, but there was uncertainty on how well we'd execute on the transaction. Now that we're 5 years out, most of the biggest vendor deals are 5-year deals, so as we start tripping over these 5-year deals and look at repapering the deal, the volumes that we've achieved in most parts exceeded expectations and it's allowed us to go back and look at those deals and get pricing for where volume is now, and that's been a big driver for our gross margin improvement.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we've given guidance for the back half of the year. We're not ready to give guidance for next year. What I'd tell you on the distribution side is, right now, we have a number of distribution centers that are running overcapacity, which makes them inefficient across the whole spectrum of stores that they support. And when we open these 2 new DCs, they are going to be less efficient, but the existing DCs, whether it be Mobile or Atlanta or Des Moines or Minneapolis or Indy, are going to become efficient, and we'd expect to not delever even though we have 2 new DCs.
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, this is Tom. I think we're always in that situation where we have a high level of the market share and we have mature stores. There's not the large amount of market share to go out and grab. So if we're in Missouri or Oklahoma, those store counts have been relatively stable for a long period of time versus markets that we're newer in, where we're underpenetrated give a tremendous opportunity to grow in those markets. So that's the typical results that we would see.
Thomas G. McFall: Obviously, we want to make sure that we have capacity in all of our DCs to seize the best opportunities. We haven't determined what store count we're going to do next year and the following year, but we'll let you know on the usually the third quarter call.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, no, what I would say is that we have a mix shift there. Also, what comes into it is as we work our way up call lists, as you sell more of the hard parts, we tend to have better margins with our commercial customers. And then the acquisition cost improvements and pricing management are chain-wide. So I wouldn't say that the math on the numbers you're pushing gives us a significantly different improvement in gross margin in core as opposed to acquired markets.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say is that from our side, it's a little hard to tell when you're gaining market share or not without having all of us report at the same time and so forth. What I would say is that our DIY business was the best we've seen it for a long time and the gap between our DIY and commercial was closer this past quarter than it's been for a while. Our CSK markets continue to outperform the core O'Reilly markets by a smaller margin as the core O'Reilly markets continue to improve a little bit. And then on a by category basis, some of the things like brakes, maybe some other categories that were -- and chassis, that were affected by weather in the cold weather markets more than would be typical, I think they've rebounded for us. I don't know about the whole industry. I didn't have a chance to read Monro's report yet, so I don't know what they experienced, but our experience was is that many of these maintenance and repair categories recovered nicely for us. And it wasn't just the cold weather markets. We've seen kind of the recovery in some of the warm weather markets also, which indicate that some of the maintenance and repair items that have been deferred that there's been a little bit of catch up on some of that deferred maintenance and hopefully that continues. Like I said, our -- so far in July, the trend has continued and business has been pretty good. So we're pretty happy with how we performed and how the industry appears to be performing from our perspective. But again, it's hard for us to know how the whole industry does in these short windows of time without having public reports from all the other players.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, the acquisitions that mean the most to us are ones that put us in a new geography, so where we don't have stores today. If we can acquire a company -- and they would typically be smaller companies, as you said, where they establish an O'Reilly presence in a market where we don't exist, those are of most value to us. But there is some value to gaining market share in existing markets through acquisitions, but of course, it's harder to pay a price that may seem like a good price to the seller in those situations because we're already there and have a piece of the market. But we're opportunistic acquirers of companies in our industry and plan to continue to consolidate where it makes sense for us, so we're always open to looking at acquisitions that make sense for us and we actively do that. As we will expand in these markets where we don't have a presence, we'll continue to look at some of the smaller players. But that's not to say that a larger acquisition couldn't make sense to us, but it would have to be rationalized considering the fact that we would have significant overlap with any of the larger companies that could potentially be acquired at this point.
Gregory L. Henslee: We -- I don't know, Sam. That's a good question. It's just hard to know where your customers' money comes from. They -- there's no question that there was a delay in some of the things that people put off, spend money on when they get their taxes back. It's just one of those things that we don't have a good way of measuring. There's no question that they were definitely deferred. And since we don't cash the IRS checks, then we don't have a measurement there. So it's a good question, but I would say that some piece of our second quarter revenue was driven by people that were using tax refund money to fix up things that they had deferred on their cars.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, our retail comps are good. This past quarter is the best retail quarter we've had for some time, and we see a significant growth opportunity for us on the retail side of the business just by virtue of comparing the amount of retail business that we do as compared to what some of our competitors do retail who have a little richer retail business mix than what we have. So with that in mind, we kind of -- we've worked to improve the adjacency at some of the product offerings we have in our display areas, the planograms and the products on those planograms and making sure that we've optimized the categories that we carry out front and that we just put ourselves in a position to be the best DIY retail supplier that we can be. And then that's also driven by some of the things that we're doing from a marketing and advertising standpoint, including our loyalty program, which will give us a way to better tie ourselves to customers and market directly to customers who have an interest in receiving information and discounts and things from us. So we're pretty excited about how we're doing in retail and how we feel like we'll continue to do in the future. But that said, we've -- our foundation is on the professional side or the commercial side of the business, and we continue to work to enhance those relationships and make sure that we don't do anything to sacrifice what we view as a pretty dominant position we have on the professional side of the business.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, the thing that this really does for us, Gary, it gives us a platform on which to communicate with our Team Members on a by-part basis. So if we know that the issue that a customer may be having with a particular part requires that the part be compared to a picture that you can rotate or see multiple sides of, we now have the ability to make sure that our Team Members have on their computer screens what they really need to sell a part, and we're leveraging that to make sure that we just do a better job at point of sale. This comes into play both on the professional side and the retail side, but it's really strong on the retail side where the customers maybe aren't quite as informed on auto repairs what our professional customers are. It's also a benefit with our First Call Online system that Jeff mentioned since it uses that system and gives our shops the access to that information.
Gregory L. Henslee: No. I think we've known we've had expansion capability in those markets for some time. And we continue to expand in those markets, but as we do so, we have put some of our distribution centers at a point where we've got to make some shifts to accommodate the number of stores that they supply. And then another factor that we've known for some time, even going back to when we bought CSK, is that to be what we should be in the third largest population center in the U.S., we're going to have to have better distribution support in Chicago. So our plan all along has been to do this at some point. We just -- as we bought CSK, the most pressing needs were putting a distribution infrastructure out West and we had the ability to service Chicago out of Indianapolis, and -- but now that we've got Indianapolis operating at capacity, we need to offload some stores from it and give us the ability to backfill some markets. And we ideally would be in a position in Chicago where we would have a distribution center and be able to leverage that distribution center to grow our professional and DIY business in the third largest population center in the U.S.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, there's really not as much known about this, Matt, as we would ideally like to know. We think our typical customer business, our store -- a heavy DIY-er would visit our store more than 4x a year, and average would be maybe 2 or 3x a year. As we start gathering data from the deployment of our loyalty program across our company, we'll have a lot better idea as to how our customers behave with regard to -- some of the surveys that we've had other companies do have indicated that in some cases, us and our competitors share customers that sometimes it's a matter of convenience, and the loyalty card program is a way we think for us to market directly to those customers and try to gain a bigger share of their wallet. But to this point, there's just not good information that I would be able to express to everyone to define exactly what that share is.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It gives us a means to market directly to the customer. And connecting them to our -- through our website or an app, if we want to, or however we do it to give them access to information on the kinds of repairs they're doing, reminders of -- about things that they might want to do based on the age of their vehicle or the miles on their vehicle, all those kinds of things tie into this loyalty program. So it just gives us the ability to have a tighter relationship with our customers in a kind of a digital way, and we plan to leverage that once deployed.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, as you know, Colin, we really -- we've always tried to stay away from giving geographic comp results just for competitive reasons, and we spoke to geography more than we typically would have through this mild winter of 2012 just because we thought it was something that needed to be talked about. I can tell you that for instance in the Southeast, we comped very well. Probably -- well, in our case, we comped a little bit better than we did in the -- in some of the cold weather markets, but we've had a good rebound in the cold weather markets. There's no question that the issue we had there was real and that it's recovered. But we had good comp results across the country, and even in some of the warm weather markets, we've done very well.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, we get our deferred maintenance number from our -- one of our industry associations, and it's been -- I think it's a little bit north of $60 million right now -- I mean, I'm sorry, $60 billion is what they say it is. Who really knows. It's hard for us to really have a solid bead on that. I think that we see -- we're able to identify it better through just the behaviors of some of our product category performance. When we see something that we know wears on automobiles, like brakes or belts and hoses, things like that, when we see those categories get softer, you kind of know that there's some maintenance being deferred. But what I would say is that our industry refers to the deferred maintenance number right now being just a little bit north of $60 billion, and our associations calculate that by just taking the number of miles driven and the age of vehicles and knowing what the typical spend would be on those vehicles at certain ages in coming up with that number. And it's -- I don't know if it's 100% accurate, but it's the best that we have.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I think what you said, I think there is some merit to that. I think if you're planning to trade a vehicle, you may not maintain it as well as you would one you're going to keep. Typically and especially in today's world, vehicles being capable of being on the road so long, those vehicles are not scrapped, and that's what's encouraging to us, is the scrap rates continue to stay very stable as new vehicle sales has improved over the last couple of years. Those vehicles are going back out on the road as used cars. And when you buy a used car, it's a new car to you and it may go through a very heavy routine maintenance cycle as a point of a new acquisition of the car. So to us, the fact that new cars are selling, these cars might be traded in, yes, you might have a little bit of a deferral for a while before the car gets traded in, but once it's bought it's a new car to someone else, even though it's used, it becomes one that becomes a well maintained car because it may be the family's primary driver.
Gregory L. Henslee: There's another 1 or 2 that I can think of that we don't have any immediate plans for, but over time, I think it will make sense for us to possibly relieve a DC here or there, from a store count perspective. And allow them to better leverage their cost through better efficiency and then put us in a better market position in some large markets. So I would say that over the next 5 years, you'll see us do something like this another time or 2.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Last year, of course, we didn't have any real standout quarters from a comp store sales perspective. In the last year third quarter, I would say that August was slightly the best month of the quarter, but it wasn't much difference, and all 3 months generating the comp store sales, what we had were pretty low comp months.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think what you will see is that certain categories, especially more DIY categories that are more oil- and commodity-based, have seen a little bit more pressure, and that could be just a difference in our mix.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're in the process now of exploring more greenfield expansion up there. It's, of course, a market that's not easy to expand in because it's very congested, a lot of people, which is a great opportunity for us. We're working on that right now. We've not yet defined our distribution strategy up there publicly and will be over the next few months, but we're in the process right now of evaluating what our long-term distribution strategy up there will be because the VIP acquisition was an acquisition that was strategic from the perspective as -- that it put us in a position to grow into the Northeast. And those stores will help leverage our distribution costs as we put ourselves in a position to grow up there, but we're not ready to announce what our long-term plan is up there yet.
Gregory L. Henslee: For some time to come, more than a couple of years, we'll be growing in the Northeast. So yes, starting 2014, there won't be much growth up there, but there'll be a little bit maybe towards the tail-end of the year. But for several years to come, a big part of our growth will be up in the Northeast.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, of course, the gross margin dollars come from the growth in both, but the rate, of course, is lower on the do-it-for-me side. So as we expand our do-it-for-me business in the CSK stores, it does pull our rate back up a little bit, although we have the mitigating factors of the acquisition cost benefits that Tom referred to earlier and then, of course, the better pricing management that we're trying to execute. But there's no question that the do-it-for-me business is at a lower gross margin rate than the DIY business.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Robert. We'd like to conclude our call today by again thanking our 60,000 Team Members for their commitment to providing the best customer service in our industry. It's your hard work and dedication to serving our customers that drive the outstanding financial performance we delivered this past quarter. I'd also like to thank everyone for their time and attending our call today. We look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
David Gober: Just a quick follow-up on inflation. It sounds like you guys are seeing fairly steady trends there, and I know GPC has talked a little bit more about seeing some headwinds to inflation and that the CPI data out there has been a little bit weaker. Just curious if you guys have any idea why there'd be some inconsistencies across kind of the operating data sources there.
David Gober: Okay, that's helpful. And just on the VIP acquisition. It sounds like that, that's going along nicely as planned. Just curious when you'd expect to start to explore more greenfield store rollouts there, what the distribution plan looks like and how far along you are there.
David Gober: And sorry, I guess, where I was coming from is, is it a matter of shifting growth to Northeast versus actually moving from 200 to 250 or 300 stores? That was kind of the direction of the call -- of the question there.
