Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Jenny. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the second quarter and full year of 2018. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly on a solid first quarter. Now I'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the full year. For the quarter, sales increased $126 million comprised of $72 million increase in comp store sales, a $53 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2018, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. As Greg mentioned earlier, our gross margin was up 17 basis points and benefited from the lower LIFO charge, which totaled approximately $1 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to a charge of $7 million in 2017, with the lower charge driven by price decreases from vendor negotiations, mostly offset by commodity cost increases. We expect to see a LIFO charge in the second quarter of around $5 million, but our actual results will be driven by our ongoing negotiations with suppliers and potential cost inflation. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 had a dramatic impact on our first quarter earnings and will continue to have a significant positive impact on our tax rate on a go forward basis. Our combined effective tax rate for the first quarter was 22.9% of pre-tax income, which included a benefit from tax deductions for share-based compensation, which totaled approximately 1.6% of pre-tax income. Excluding the tax benefit from share-based compensation, our effective tax rate of 24.5% was in line with our expectations. Our first quarter 2018 tax rate compares favorably to the tax rate of 31.2% for the first quarter of 2017 as a result of the lower federal tax rate, partially offset by a smaller benefit from share-based compensation. For the full year of 2018, we continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 23% to 24% of pre-tax income and continue to expect the quarterly tax rate to be relatively consistent. However, the change in tax benefit from share-based compensation will create some fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as a percent of our pre-tax income. Now I'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the year and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2018. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $311 million, which was a $68 million increase from the prior year, driven by higher income and a smaller increase in our net inventory investment than in the prior year. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $599,000, which was flat from the end of 2017. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate, and we continue to expect to grow our per store inventory in a range of 1% to 2% this year. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 106%, which was where we ended 2017. We anticipate a slight improvement to 107% by the end of 2018, which will be driven by the higher level of sales. Finally, capital expenditures for the first quarter of the year were $115 million, which is up slightly from the same period of 2017 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx at $490 million to $520 million for the full year of 2018. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.18 times as compared to our ratio of 2.12 times at the end of 2017. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects incremental borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility and is in line with our targeted range of 2 to 2.25 times. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and, year-to-date, we have repurchased 2.6 million shares at an average share price of $248.80 for a total investment of $636 million. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows for our business, and we continue to view our buybacks as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments and at this time, I'd like to ask Jenny, the operator, to return to the call and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Thomas G. McFall: Sure. When we look at our operating margin guidance, just for the full year, when you look at the balance of our sales, the first quarter is the lowest average daily volume based on the seasonality of our business and we have a relatively high fixed cost business model. So that's why you see us at the lower end of our range. Typically, the second and third quarters are higher operating profits because of the higher sales dollars.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at those, we called that out on our fourth quarter call that our expectation was we were going to see pressure in those areas and that's why we wouldn't get more leverage out of our DC cost on higher sales and those costs have been in line with our expectations thus far this year.
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, this is Tom. I'll take that one. We've given guidance for this year, we think that when you look at the value proposition that our business provides, customers continue to be very strong and will be strong in the future. To give margin expectations beyond this year is not something that we typically do, but I would tell you that we remain very comfortable with the long-term opportunities for our business.
Thomas G. McFall: We think that our business model will remain similar as it has for the past decade. Obviously, retail continues to evolve, but we're comfortable with the value proposition that we provide.
Thomas G. McFall: This is Tom, Scot. We talk to the fact that we really felt like in 2018, the light SAAR years entering the entry port (00:33:47) of our business, which tends highly to the professional side of the business, was going to stop being a headwind and flatten out. Is what our numbers showed us. So we think it's a combination of that vehicle population dynamic, along with weather that's helping drive that professional business to better results and have more opportunity on that side of the business than we had last year.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we would expect our interest rate expense to be relatively flat to the first quarter to the extent that we don't issue additional bonds or incur additional debt. So I would plan for it to be the same.
Thomas G. McFall: When you look at our guidance, we don't plan for additional debt or additional share repurchases in our guidance.
Thomas G. McFall: Yeah. When we look at our guidance, we look at – we have some ups and downs in our business over the years and we've all been in the business for a long time and we're going to see years where comps, because of customer demand and vehicle dynamics, run higher and some like last year where it runs lower. And we feel 2% to 4% comp guidance is the prudent guidance to give. We delivered right in the middle of – slightly above that – middle of that range in the first quarter, and we're comfortable with our guidance for the second quarter and the full year.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we see – when we look at the demand drivers for our business, number of vehicles down the road, miles driven, where the population increases. We expect those drivers to continue to increase and drive demand in our business over the long term and maybe if you look at the AAIA, they look at 1% to 3% DIY growth year-after-year and a 2% to 4% on the professional side over a long time horizon, and we'd expect to continue to outperform the market.
Thomas G. McFall: We have some puts and takes in gross margin that was within our guidance. When we look at our expectations, we had a little less inventory than we usually in the first quarter with and that had some cash headwinds to us, but we remain comfortable with our gross margin guide. And when we look at our POS margin without all the other items that go into it, we continue to be pleased with that.
Thomas G. McFall: I'll have to look and get you. That number is probably in the, gosh, $10 million to $15 million range.
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Greg's comments and thank our team members for their hard work and dedication to providing top-notched customer service. Our team's high level of dedication was more apparent than ever this past quarter as we experienced a normal winter after two years of mild winters, and our team members battled the elements to keep our stores open to take care of our customers as many of our stores experienced multiple rounds of inclement weather. We certainly welcome the sales demand created by the typical winter weather but without our store team's effort to keep our stores open for our customers and our DC's team's hard work in completing their routes and keeping our stores in stock, we wouldn't have been able to capitalize on this demand. As significant as the sales we pick up is the lasting goodwill that we earn from customers when we're the only parts store in town able to meet a customer's critical needs during bad weather. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our SG&A results for the quarter. For the first quarter, we de-levered 34 basis points with an average SG&A per store growth of 2.7% which was driven by the portion of the tax savings that we're allocating to incremental operating expense dollars in 2018 to further enhance our best-in-class customer service. The incremental investment in the first quarter consisted primarily of enhancing our team member benefit plans and was in line with our expectations. We remain confident in the opportunities we have to strengthen our industry leading customer service through redeploying a portion of the tax savings and we continue to expect to follow the plan that we outlined on our fourth quarter 2017 conference call. We had some other puts and takes in SG&A during the quarter. Including a benefit we realized on the positive outcome from the settlement of a long-standing litigation with a former service provider, which was offset by incremental SG&A expense associated with a charge for a change in direction on a specific technology innovation project under development. In total, our SG&A for the first quarter was in line with our expectations and our guidance for the full year growth SG&A per store is unchanged at 3% to 3.5%. Our expense control focus is a key component of the team O'Reilly culture and each of our managers is held accountable for the profitability of their individual store, DC or corporate department. Moving forward, we will remain diligent in scrutinizing every operating expense dollar we spend with the top priority continuing to be enhancing the customer service in each of our stores by ensuring we attract and retain outstanding team members who have the desire to live the O'Reilly culture and gain the automotive knowledge that's required to be a professional parts person and supporting those teams with the tools they need to deliver excellent customer service each and every day. Now I'd like to spend some time talking about our store expansion during the quarter and our plans for the remainder of the year. In the first quarter, we opened 78 net new stores, which was just shy of our planned openings for the period. Not surprisingly, the extended winter weather disrupted construction on some of our projects; however, we continue to be confident in our plan to open 200 net new stores for the year. During the first quarter, we opened stores in 25 different states as we continue to identify great opportunities to open stores across all of our market areas. Our coast-to-coast footprint allows us to be very selective in new store site selection and, more importantly, it allows us time to develop and train great teams of parts professionals who are ready to provide top-notch customer service from day one. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our store openings and very optimistic about our future growth prospects as we continue to identify attractive new store locations, staffing those stores with great teams and taking share in the new markets. Before I finish up today, I'd like to once again thank our store and distribution teams for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. We're off to a solid start in 2018, and we're well positioned to continue to provide our customers top-notch customer service and the best parts availability in the industry. Our teams are committed to winning our customers' business each and every day by out-hustling and out servicing our competition and I'm confident in our team's ability to deliver an outstanding year in 2018. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Jeff M. Shaw: Yes. I would say that we look and looking back at 2017, our professional business was just really soft throughout the majority of the year, and we knew at some point it had to pick up, which we started seeing that in the fourth quarter. And those trends continue well into the end of the first quarter. And there's no doubt that the more normalized winter weather benefited our professional customers and that's kind of carried through. They're not near as impacted, as Greg said, by the cold spring. But we're pretty excited what the rest of the year holds as far as, hopefully, some pent-up demand from the more normalized winter and the longer-term demand created by that. I was reading an article the other day on potholes. I think it was a AAA article. And it was talking about the damage that's done, I think it was like $3 billion of damage that's done annually from potholes. Obviously, that would be more the case with the kind of winter that we've had. And the average repair is somewhere in the neighborhood of $300. So we'd hope to see some more of that throughout the remainder of the year.
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, really, it's about what you'd expect. I mean, early winter was good in most markets and then as we moved kind of later into the quarter, the markets that weren't as affected by the cold snowy wet weather performed better than the markets that were affected from kind of the lingering winter. As Greg said earlier, I think in all markets where we've seen normal spring-type weather, our business has been pretty decent.
Jeff M. Shaw: If I could add to that, Greg, in 2014, 2015, 2016, we saw average miles driven at the high end of the average range. So on a year-over-year basis, it's not growing as fast, but it continues to be pretty close to the long-term average and continues to be a driver of our business in solid positive territory.
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, yes. I'd say that one other thing to remember is that the national brands would be more of our premium offering and that's what most of our professional customers prefer. And there again, with the professional customers, it's all about availability and how quick you can get it to the shop and help them turn their bays.
Jeff M. Shaw: Yeah. I'd just add that we've been delivering five nights a week to our stores for 60 years and back when it wasn't in fashion and people thought it wasn't the right thing to do, and it's panned out pretty well for us. Obviously, when you're in the DIFM side of the business, availability is absolutely key. I mean, getting that part to the shop and helping them turn their bays is really how you earn the business and keep the business. And honestly, to an extent, the more SKUs you have readily available, the more times you can say yes versus no. So we've always prided ourselves in a high-level of inventory availability. There again, we kind of meet what the market bears when it comes to service levels. I mean, it could be overnight in some rural stores, but it's up to seven or eight times a day in metro markets. It's really what the market demands to provide the service, to be able to earn the business and keep the business.
Jeff M. Shaw: Yes. And just one last item to note, we've run a significant hub network that augments our regional DCs, so availability is critical to success in our business and we feel like we do a great job at it.
Gregory D. Johnson: You know, Michael, we're not going to share any details over a very short period of time thus far in the quarter. But as we said, in our prepared comments, weather has impacted us late in the first quarter, leading into the second quarter. And at the end of the first quarter, our DIFM business continues to be strong and in the markets where we had good spring-type weather, our DIY business was strong. In markets where we had and where there were a lot of weekends, during the month of March that the weather was okay, and in the weekends, resulted in snow and cold weather again, which impacts the DIY side of our business. So what I'll tell you is this, that what we've seen thus far in April supports our 2% to 4% guide and we feel good about our guidance for the quarter.
Gregory D. Johnson: Yeah, Chris, it's really playing out exactly as we would've thought. When you look back in January, early in the quarter, where we had the biggest impacts of winter weather, we were selling categories you would expect to sell. We were selling winter-related, weather related categories, lighting and batteries and wipers, things like that, some rotating electrical spiked back in January. And then as you move through the quarter, and we get into March where you typically see warmer weather, and you see the long-term effects of the harsher or more normal winters that we've had and the potholes that Jeff spoke about later in the quarter, the encouraging part is on the DIFM side of the business. We started to see growth come back in steering, suspension, chassis-type lines, which is what we would typically in the spring, and we expect that to follow on the DIY side as the weather cooperates.
Gregory D. Johnson: Yes, Bret, there's talk about inflation, there's talk about tariffs. We're talking about all those things. From an inflation standpoint, we have seen a bit more inflation on the input side this quarter than we've seen in previous quarters. Most of it is commodity driven, but we've started to see some. We've been able to mitigate most of that by passing that along to end-user pricing.
Gregory D. Johnson: Mike, I think, we've got a very sound business model. We've executed on for years under David's leadership, under Greg's leadership. Market changes, retail changes, we'll adapt. Fundamentally, we're going to continue to do the same things we've done, which has been very successful for us. From an M& A standpoint, we continue to look for acquisition candidates, both inside and outside the U.S. borders. It's what we've been doing for a few years now and we'll continue to do those things. There'll be some change and we'll adapt to a changing retail environment, whether Greg's our CEO or I'm our CEO. But fundamentally, we feel like our business model works and works very well and I don't see any substantial changes.
Gregory D. Johnson: Ticket count grew more on the DIFM side as well as the ticket average on the DIY side. Growth was in ticket average.
Gregory D. Johnson: It's probably a temporary deal for gas prices. We've seen this trend before. As gas prices grow and as gas prices really grow over time, consumers will do a really good job of adapting to that and changing their budgets accordingly. When gas prices spike very quickly, sometimes that's not the case, but I feel like today, the miles driven is a result of slight increases in gas prices and we're watching that very closely. And frankly, we bake this into our plan. We've budgeted for a little higher gas price, fuel cost into our 2018 plan.
Gregory D. Johnson: Sure. I don't know about availability to new brands, but you're speaking of Tenneco acquiring Federal-Mogul. We've had a long-term relationship with both of those companies. Both of those companies have been good suppliers for us. We've got a great relationship with Tenneco. One of the things that we like about this acquisition is there's really no competitive overlap between the two product offerings. They're really complementary of each other, not competing with each other. So we feel like Tenneco's leadership will be good for the overall company, and we look for good things to come from that relationship.
Gregory D. Johnson: Another thing to add is that over the past years, we've also added weekend service out of our distribution centers.
Gregory D. Johnson: Its national brands versus private label has really evolved over time. We were – most of our business as recently as seven or eight years ago was national brands. National brands, there's a competitive component. To Jeff's point, most of our national brands are our premium product and we'll have in most cases, a good, better, best offering, at which point our national brands would be the best and we'd have one or more layers of private label under that. So we've evolved from mostly national brands to a mix, a healthy mix of private label and national brands, which allows us to compete with both brick-and-mortar and online retailers. So I think things continue to evolve. A lot of our private label brands are supplied by national brand providers. The example that you're speaking of in your example there, I think, that's a category where we have created a national brand. And some of our national brands that we own that are proprietary brands once were national brands like Precision, for example, or Murray air conditioning and we own the rights to those brands and they're now our private label brands. But in the case of other categories like, batteries is a good example, Super Start and BrakeBest in brakes have become essentially national brands. So we're happy with our strategy of having a healthy mix of good, better, best and mixing in private label and national brands.
Gregory D. Johnson: Yes, Seth. It is a small part of our business, but we try to make sure we're competitive with our competitors in the products they offer and their programs like this. I saw something last week where one of our competitors was rolling out a test in select metro markets to provide overnight deliveries. I assume that's the one you're speaking to. What we worked on is, over time, and as a matter of fact, over the period of last quarter, we have expanded our shipping points to include all of our DCs and we'll also probably be layering on some of hub store locations. So a significant portion of U.S. households today we're able to touch overnight with UPS ground shipping. And we've got a mid-range to long-term strategy to leverage that and use that as a selling advantage online. So we may not mirror exactly what our competitors do from an approach standpoint, but we want to make sure we have a comparable service level.
Gregory D. Johnson: Jenny, this is actually Greg Johnson. Thank you very much, Jenny. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking our entire O'Reilly team for your continued dedication to customer service in the first quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2018 second quarter results in July. Thank you.
