Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2014 conference call to discuss our earnings results and our outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. We are starting to anniversary some of those deals. When you look at the impact of LIFO, we have a number of big deals that happened in the third, fourth and first -- third and fourth quarter last year, first quarter this year. So we haven't lapped those deals. But once we do, we would expect to get back to a more normal growth margin -- gross margin growth rate in the 10 to 30 basis points a year.
Thomas G. McFall: Because we're on LIFO and we utilize last buy, we see the reduction in costs across all our inventory day 1. And that second day, the first part you sell, you're selling at a lower cost. So it's not based on turns. Mathematically, we need to turn the inventory one time to offset that first write down. But sequentially, the margins improved right away.
Thomas G. McFall: We look at these litigation items outside of normal because we have some -- we were $2 million or $3 million higher this quarter than we would be on an average run rate.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we've been above 2% in the first half of the year. Our guidance is to be 2% for the full year. So we should run a little less than 2% in the third and fourth quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: We're relatively close. These are relatively small percentages. The beginning of the year obviously had some payroll and maintenance costs associated with all the cold weather and utility costs, but there's nothing that sticks out as a real issue in the second quarter. And we should be pretty close to plan in the third and fourth quarters.
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, what I'd add to that is during the short term, quarter-to-quarter, the weather impacts our business, and it's noticeable in certain categories driven by what type of weather events we have. When we look at the car population, with 240 million plus like cars and trucks, changes in the population occurs slowly over time. And those changes, when you look back over a long period of time, are identifiable. But on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the change of a 240 million vehicle population, it's hard to track specific items related to that. So quarterly, we'll talk about whether. Long-term that change in vehicle population, the engineering of the vehicles, has the biggest long-term impact. But it's hard to identify on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Thomas G. McFall: From a macro standpoint, for our industry looking into next year, we don't think that '08's low SAAR number is going to have a huge impact just because of the continuing age of vehicles that can stay on the road and size of the population. From a macro standpoint, we look forward for the next 18 months. The biggest driver is going to be the health of the consumer and what happens with miles driven and how much -- how many people go back to work and start committing to work and what that adds to the potential for parts failure. From an overall profitability standpoint, when we look at the top line, we have run the last couple of years without much inflation. We'd like to see not a lot of inflation but a little bit of inflation to help drive higher top line sales and more gross margin dollars to offset the increases in costs you see, but that's an item that could also have an impact on comps for the industry.
Thomas G. McFall: And I think you see that in the SKU count for ourselves and what you need to be competitive in this industry. The SKU count continues to rise because new vehicles are coming with new SKUs and old vehicles are staying in the fleet longer and you have to keep those SKUs on hand.
Thomas G. McFall: Through the end of the year, our expectation is that not a SKU-by-SKU sale basis, we're not going to see inflation.
Thomas G. McFall: Those are the 3 buckets it comes from. It depends on the year. We're going to try to chip away on all fronts. We do have quite a few new -- newer distribution centers, and as the stores and those distribution centers reach higher volumes, we'd expect to see more efficiencies. We would expect to see some price optimization opportunities especially when retail start to move a little bit, which they haven't really moved much in quite some time. I think the third leg of that is acquisition costs and although we've gotten most of our benefit from that here recently, we continue to -- expect it to continue to find incremental gains.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes, when we look at it, and we've talked about it earlier, we take that hit all upfront. And then from the next part, we sell at the lower cost. On a going forward basis, we make a higher POS margin on that part. So sequentially, when we look at the quarters, that better pricing is factored into the gross margin.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's doing fine. We spoke to June being a little softer than the first 2 months of the quarter, but it wasn't like at the cliff or anything. It was just the softest month of the quarter. But July, we're doing fine.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Florida is a new market for us, at least Central and Southern Florida is a new market for us. And we're doing very well down there. And I think it goes without saying, as you've implied, Seth, that new stores that are supported by a distribution center have the ability to better penetrate a market than stores that are supported by a hub or maybe without the support of either a hub or a distribution center on a same-day basis. So to be frank, the Southeast and the Northeast being some of our newest markets and being markets that are -- were affected to some degree by weather, but more than anything, just the fact they're newer stores and are supported by -- in the South by a new DC are some of our best performing markets. So we would expect to do much better in Chicago. And then again, the far Northeast, where we have the VIP stores, once we have a larger DC and more access to SKUs. Because right now the stores that we have converted as part of the VIP acquisition are supported by a distribution center that does not have the number of SKUs that we would typically put into a DC because of space constraints. So we'll be in a much better position up there once we do that. But yes, they're performing well, and we'd expect the Chicago stores to perform well. I don't really have a number for you, but they'll perform better with the DC than they do without.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, our renegotiations with vendors are pretty much complete and we're happy with the results. Obviously, our gross margin improved significantly, as you know, as part of the CSK acquisition and some of the deals that were made. And as we've anniversaried those deals, we are happy with the position we are in now. It's growing and we think a successful company. We are a company that suppliers want to have in their camp, and we feel like we'll continue to have incremental gains although we wouldn't expect our gross margin to continue to grow much in the coming years by a large extent. It will be maybe small incremental gains but nothing like what we've seen the last couple of years, I would guess. Tom, you may have some additional comments on that.
Gregory L. Henslee: The effect of the new DCs coming online will be minimal, and we noticed in our gross margin, they're levered pretty well. And we have some offset from like our Indianapolis distribution center, which is really beyond capacity and not operating as efficiently as it should be. And we'll benefit from the offload of some of the stores, so we would not expect that to be a factor in the second half.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I wouldn't really be able to quantify that. I can tell you that the categories that we would most apparently see as categories that would benefit from the harsh winter that we had were some of our best-performing categories. And I mentioned some of those, they are chassis, right control, driveline, brakes. Automotive batteries did really well, which are sensitive to weather extremes. So it was a factor. I -- to quantify them on what we would have done have we not have the weather, but these are the categories that are part of the -- a big part of our business. So we expect to perform well in those categories. Ongoing in our comp percentage is driven by our success in these categories. So the portion of our performance here that's incremental related to the weather is hard to determine. I think that when we have weather extremes, there are some things that people have to fix right away. When you got maybe a tie rod ends coming loose, your car won't pass state inspection as a result of being jarred around on rough roads, that has to be fixed right away. Things like shock absorbers, right control that may fail earlier than normal because of being driven on bad roads, those are not something you have to replace right away but you eventually will because the right of the car changes and the handling of the car changes. So there's some ongoing benefit, but it's -- it will start waning as we go through the summer. But again, it's hard to determine how much of it was related to the weather and how much of it is just pent-up demand and just the solid aspects of the business that we're in.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I don't think we'll ever have as many stores in Florida as we have in California just because of the size of the state, population and stuff. But it's really good. Florida has been a state that has been one of our best new store opening states that we have in a while, and we're really happy with how our stores have done down there and happy how they've done once we opened the Lakeland distribution center. So I would rank it right up there. Last quarter, California and Florida led our new store openings, and we're happy with the performance of the stores in both of those states. But when we came into California, CSK already have those stores almost up to what we did average in most states across the country. So we really didn't see it from the ground up like we are on Florida. We're really impressed with Florida as to how quickly we're getting to what we would expect to do in the store. And in California, we've incrementally grown beyond what CSK has done. But it would be hard to compare the 2 because there's differences in both. Rents are obviously higher in California, so you have to do more volume per store. Wages tend to be a little higher in California so you have to do more volume per store. Litigation in California, there's a lot of rules in California that don't exist in some states, so you have to be wary of that. On balance, we like Florida a lot and we do a ton of business in California. So they're both good states for us.
Gregory L. Henslee: The only difference that I would be able to point out, Alan, would be that in Florida, you have what I think would be an older population, that would be less likely to work on their own cars. So I think it's just a mix of business. I think the commercial business is really strong down there. I think in California, you would have more people that would be happy to work on their own cars, so the DIY business is probably a little stronger than what it is in Florida.
Gregory L. Henslee: You start getting there like September and October in most markets. It varies on geography, of course. But generally, you make that transition after school starts. In our business, we see a little bit of a dip in the shops that we supply, see a little bit of a dip in business when school starts because people start spending money on school supplies, getting their kids ready for school and stuff. In many cases, they don't plan to spend but then they do because they need to. And they'll delay some repairs and other things that they need to do. And typically, when someone makes it to the point of school starting with something that they can avoid fixing, like an air conditioner or something, they may just hold on and wait to fix it next spring, so -- for sure, and then we would transition into doing more fall and prep for winter-type stuff.
Gregory L. Henslee: No. We changed our full year to reflect what we've accomplished so far this year, but our back half outlook remains the same.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Right now, we're about 42-58. 42 do-it-for-me; 58 DIY. We really don't break down the CSK versus O’Reilly mix. The CSK mix on the do-it-for-me business has incrementally grown, has been effective gaining market share out there, but we really don't give the mix numbers for the different parts of the...
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, they are under-indexed compared to core O'Reilly stores and our new stores, so there's more opportunity out there for us to continue to increase our do-it-for-me business. And we have a lot of good competitors out there that are doing a lot of business on the do-it-for-me side. So we see that as an opportunity for us to incrementally work to gain market share in a profitable way.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's hard to track, of course, because many parts fit -- different vehicles. So you have to track it based on the look of assuming that the part was always electronically and we do track that. But, yes, as the vehicle population gets older, yes, we're selling more parts for older vehicles for sure.
Gregory L. Henslee: It wasn't a huge difference but it was -- July was definitely the better part of the quarter, and we ended the quarter with the softest month of the quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the national accounts we have, you would -- we would have existing relationships and existing pricing set up, so we'd be ready to do business with them. So we would start off with them pretty quickly. But our focus is typically on just the up and down the street shops that exist. And we typically open a store and do a market blitz to make sure that all the shops knew we're opening, kind of what we are about, what kind of services we provide, and we would set up accounts and so forth. So it's a mix of both, and it depends a lot on a particular market and who exists in those markets. Most shops are doing pretty well this year. The pickup in demand is a result of the weather. I think that shops across the board are doing pretty well. Some of the chains appear being [indiscernible] You never get all of a customer's business, so it's hard to know for sure how each one is doing in total. I saw Monro reported this morning, and I think their comps, they were hoping it would be a little higher than what they were. Some shops, especially the national chains that sell tires, and this may be the case with Monro, too, where tire deflation has caused some pressure on the top line, that may be a factor for them, too. But from a parts supply standpoint, I would consider them pretty equal, and I think most shops are doing pretty well.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we put a lot of focus on having relationships and doing business with national accounts. Typically, we call on them rather than them asking us to be their supplier because really in the U.S., there are no underserved markets when it comes to auto parts these days. When you go into a new market, you have to go in and take the business from someone who's supplying them now. But -- so yes, we work hard to have relationships with national accounts. In Florida, we have some. I'm unaware of that being a major factor in our success down there. And I would say that probably at least as big, if not a bigger factor, is just our efforts up and down the street to develop relationships with shops, independently on shops, maybe small chains of shops and sell them parts and provide services to them.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Daniel. We would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking the entire O'Reilly team. We've once again proven that committing ourselves to the O'Reilly culture values and taking great care of every customer are the keys to our record-breaking results. We continue to believe in the long-term demand drivers for our industry and are very proud of our second quarter results and accomplishments. And we are very confident in our ability to continue to successfully and profitably execute our proven growth model and to gain market share from coast-to-coast. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We hope to see many of you in our Analyst Day in August, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter 2014 results in October. Thank you.
