Tom McFall: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today’s conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I’d like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Tom McFall: What I would add to that, Chris, is ticket comps were up slightly on the DIY side. Total comps were relatively strong although as Greg mentioned in his prepared comments the professional business continues to lead the way in total comps. When we look at our category performance, items that can be deferred especially on the DIY side are a little bit lagging whereas our hard parts business things that you need to run your car continue to be good on both sides of the business.
Tom McFall: So not to breakdown the individual numbers, but when we look over the last few years with the lighter SAAR years coming into the professional side of the business really entering our market, which tend to be – the newer the car, the sooner it’s off warranty, the higher propensity is to be serviced by a professional. That put pressure on us over the last couple of years when we were seeing that abate. When we look at our category type performance, especially items like brakes which are routinely repaired or changed out after they come out of warranty, we continue to do well on that side. So we think the – that bubble moving into our years and then higher SAAR years coming into our market off-warranty bodes well, has been a positive this year or not a negative and we would expect that to continue into the next year.
Tom McFall: Okay. Thanks, Greg. This is Tom. Just to clarify one item on Chris’ question earlier when he asked about DIY ticket trends. What I meant to say was the trend was slightly positive, but continues to be under pressure. To answer your question, Michael, we continue to look for ways to entice our DIY customers to repair their vehicles. We do a lot of work online with how to repair vehicles. We are promotional in our industry, but really, we think our best opportunity is to continue to grow that base is to provide great customer service, know-how, tool loaners, testing, so that as these consumers feel the pinch of higher prices, they feel more confident in their ability to repair their vehicles and save money that way.
Tom McFall: To add to Greg’s comment, we felt like it was prudent having gone through a number of acquisitions, knowing how important it is to get the foundation of that acquisition right before we move forward. That we, as a company, are going to allocate a lot of time to understanding the Mexican market, developing our plan and to make sure that we can put the appropriate amount of focus on developing and starting that plan. We’re going to back off new stores just for this year. I don’t think it indicates anything about future years of what we’re going to do. We’re going to run our business with the mind of continuing to grow our store base profitably and set that going forward, but we wouldn’t say that this is an indication we think the total number of stores we can open in U.S. or our ability to open stores has changed.
Tom McFall: So what I would add to that, Scot, is a lot of the routine maintenance items, when you look at oil change intervals, fluid change intervals, when you look at tune-up type items, those have definitely expanded with different technologies that cost more to do but don’t happen as often. When you look, a lot of our core items: brakes, belts, hoses, rotating electrical, batteries, that hasn’t changed dramatically. But some of those categories that have changed and have been spread out, example oil changes where it used to be 3,000 miles and now your car tells you when you should change your oil with synthetic or semi-synthetic, those had a lot – have a lot of ticket count but don’t have the per-transaction value that hard part repairs have.
Tom McFall: So when we look at our business, I think we’ve been pretty clear that the professional side of the business where the average consumer or end consumer is less price sensitive, continues to see good unit growth and average ticket growth, and that’s why that side of the business continues to lead. On the DIY side of the business, we have pressure on our ticket count from rising prices so that is limiting what the comp is on that side. So we still feel very good about a 5% comp in the third quarter. When we look at annualizing these price increases, I think our direction is similar to where we’ve see shocks in gas prices. We would expect that the DIY side will – the average consumer will become adjusted to what the current prices are and that we will see, as we annualize these increases, less pressure on count.
Tom McFall: Well, I don’t know that we would characterize it as soft when we deliver 5% comps. We’re very, very happy with that result.
Tom McFall: Well, we’ll have to see what happens with tariffs. As we’ve talked about on our quarterly calls, starting with the first quarter, our guidance anticipates that the current inflationary/tariff environment will remain. And we will adjust our business accordingly when those changes occur. But to speak about something that hasn’t occurred or may not occur is probably not the appropriate thing to do.
Tom McFall: Well, we’re not going to – we’re not giving guidance for 2020. But I’ll reiterate what we’ve said on previous conference calls is to the extent that the labor market remains tight, we would expect to continue to have pressure on our SG&A growth. That’s the biggest expense that we have in that line. And really, that pressure of higher wages impacts everything that we do and a business does. But we would expect to see, if that were the case, continued inflation in selling price to help offset that.
Tom McFall: So this is Tom. We would expect to have a lower CapEx level next year just based on not having three ongoing DC projects, although it will continue to be elevated because two of the projects will still be ongoing. To speculate on Mayasa right now and what we’ll do next year is premature. We haven’t even closed on the business. But our expectation over time is that we have a great opportunity to grow a large store base in Mexico and we’ll deploy capital successfully in Mexico. But to Jeff’s earlier comments, we really want to make sure we understand the market, have the team in place, have the infrastructure in place before we commit additional capital to start growing that store base robustly.
Tom McFall: And from a cost perspective, our history has been to continue to grow our store base and expand DCs really beyond the range that’s ideal from efficiency standpoint for them to run and to overload their store count, which makes them internally inefficient before we open a new DC. So as we open these new DCs and unload the stores from overloaded DCs, it makes their labor more efficient. It makes the miles driven more efficient. So we don’t see a real big impact in our gross margin on a comparative basis.
Tom McFall: So we are seeing a benefit in our POS margin as prices have moved up with the tariffs. I mean, basically we have a slow-turn industry. So we have an amount of inventory that we purchased before the tariff increase so we make a higher gross margin. So that was a benefit here in the third quarter. It will be a benefit in the fourth quarter. As we sell through that merchandise and reduce that amount that was basically sitting in LIFO, we will see that tailwind diminish quarter by quarter next year.
Tom McFall: The answer for the fourth quarter is we expect to see strong gross margins, which will drive us to the top end of our gross margin – full year gross margin guidance.
Tom McFall: I think we fielded this question on a few different conference calls. We have, obviously, a large employee base and that number is a point-in-time number. So depending on the time of the week it ends, depending on how many jobs we have that are open and the fluctuation, especially on the part time, that number can fluctuate, but it’s not an indication of any actual a change in our business staffing philosophy. And for that, I’ll turn it over to Jeff.
Tom McFall: Yes. I’d make sure I get it right this time. The number continues to be under pressure, so it was negative. It was slightly improved from the second quarter is what I was attempting to say.
Greg Johnson: Sure, Chris. Third quarter, we were up slightly on the cash, the DIY side of our business. If the tariffs and inflation persist, we feel like the more cash-strapped consumer will have to make some decisions, not much different than what we would face with rising fuel prices and ordinary inflation. And while we haven’t seen a lot of evidence of deferred maintenance, it would be somewhat likely that, that would be a decision that, that consumer might make if they were having financial difficulties to defer – not, not complete those maintenance cycles but defer those and extend those maintenance cycles out a little bit longer. So we haven’t seen a lot of evidence. Those more elastic categories are more the maintenance categories like oil and things like that. And we haven’t seen any evidence that there has been a big shift there, but that could happen to these tariffs and inflationary – should this inflationary environment continue.
Greg Johnson: Not any more than what we’ve normally seen. When you look at the life cycle of our good, better, best product levels, as the vehicle gets older in that life cycle, the consumer tends to buy more towards the good or better end of the spectrum. There’s exceptions to that, but overall leading into the higher-end vehicles would tend – and the professional side of our business would lean more towards the higher end of that good, better, best spectrum. And then the older the vehicle gets, the more likely they are to trade down to the lower end of that spectrum.
Greg Johnson: What I would tell you is we still feel like we can operate somewhere in the neighborhood of 6,500 stores in the U.S., and our U.S. growth over time will continue as we approach that number. But what we’re going to do is we’re going to kind of blend that growth between the U.S. and countries outside the U.S., the first being Mexico.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Scot, what I would tell you is I don’t know the starting point of that sweet spot has moved that much. But I think the sweet spot itself has expanded because vehicles are just lasting longer. If you look at whether it’s 5 to 7, 6 to 8, 6 to 10, I think that, that initial inflection point of the sweet spot is driven by the vehicles coming off warranty. As soon as those vehicles come off warranty, a lot of those maintenance and repair items go to the professional installer. And then over time, as those vehicles get older, we benefit on the DIY side as well. But vehicles are just lasting longer, vehicles lasting between 11 and 12 years now. And a lot of times vehicles that are on their second and third ownership pattern are being maintained as well as they were when they came off the assembly line.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Michael, we’re not seeing any. Again, our professional side of our business was very strong. So what we’ve been talking about here is the DIY side of our business. And we haven’t seen any of the elastic categories take a big hit because of this. What we would say in summary is if inflation persists, again, no different than ordinary inflation or gas prices or what have you, that, that consumer may have to make some decisions. And what those decisions may be would be deferring or extending maintenance cycles on those categories, some of which are more elastic, or perhaps trading down from a good, better, best spectrum on required repairs.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, John. We’d like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O’Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a strong third quarter. I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: No. I mean, you covered it pretty well. I mean it’s obviously a new market and we’ve got a lot to learn. But when you go down there and visit the markets, I mean, it’s like the U.S. 40 years ago. I mean it’s a highly fragmented market. There is really not that many chains of any size, AutoZone being the biggest. But there’s just a ton of small independent jobber business. So it’s obviously a much smaller market than U.S., but we’re very excited about entering the market and growing our business down there.
Jeff Shaw: Sure. So what I would say is we’ve seen very little change in the competitive landscape. Our industry still is very rational from a pricing perspective. And there are categories that we lead and move up in and typically, our competitors will follow, and I guess, vice versa. That holds true as well. But we – our industry has always been very rational and continues to be very rational from a pricing perspective. As far as online, really haven’t seen a lot of change there, except for the method by which some of the brick-and-mortar retailers price online. I think it’s become more typical that our price points are the same or very similar to what we have in the stores. And we offer discounts across the ticket to be more competitive with pure online retailers. And again, a lot of times there’s a perception out there that when you’re looking at brand to brand, we might not be competitive from a pricing standpoint. But when you look at it from an application-to-application standpoint, we are consistently very competitive from a price point standpoint. That consumer is buying products online. For price, we’ll be able to go out and look for a part for his vehicle that maybe we have on a proprietary brand at equal to or sometimes less than what the pure online retailers are selling at.
Jeff Shaw: I might take the first part, this is Jeff, and then let Tom or Greg chime in. But any time you open a DC in a given market, I mean, that market could be serviced by a hub store carrying somewhere from 45,000 to 65,000, 70,000 SKUs. And opening that DC, we have availability same day, several times a day availability to 160,000 to 170,000 SKUs. So when you have that inventory available, you’re just able to say yes to the DIY customer or the professional customer or fill the – fulfill the B2B ticket more times than not where before it would have been available overnight. So I don’t know if it’s exactly quantifiable, but it’s sure another tool in the tool box for those stores in that given market serviced by that new DC.
Jeff Shaw: Really, I mean, we run our business one store at a time and have the appropriate staffing to take care of the business in that market. And then that seasonally ramps up and ramps down depending on the time of the year. Obviously, we’re kind of in the ramp-down mode a little bit coming out of summer, going into fall and winter. So nothing’s changed structurally on how we run our business. We’ve always ran our business for the long haul, provide excellent customer service each and every day.
