Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Latasha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable laws. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Mike, it's Tom. What I would add to that is Greg's comment early in the script were focused on the year-over-year change. And my comments on the mix later in the call, where we were different from where we thought we would be from a guidance standpoint. So when we look at the improvement over our guidance, it was mix-related. And as Greg mentioned, that shift in the type of business we did in the spring had that impact.
Thomas G. McFall: When we talked on the first quarter call, we were talking excluding VIP. This quarter, we decided to just go chain-wide. The VIP stores are lower volume and lower cost-based at this point.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. Let me look through my data here. And in the first quarter, we would have been pretty historical norm, between 1% and 1.5%. And we'd expect to be there for the remainder of the year. When we look at last year, so last year, it was a little bit of a less of a help last year, and would be consistent throughout the year.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, if you look at our change in our LIFO reserve, I think you'd see that small amount each quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: What I would also add to that is that we've had a number of very, very good years in high SAAR years. Our focus really is less on the SAAR and more on the total number of vehicles on the road and the total of number of miles driven. Our expectation is as the economy improves, the SAAR will improve. And the number of vehicles on the road have flattened out over the last 2 or 3 years, that we'll get back to seeing an increased number of vehicles on the road. And as unemployment declines and people go out and feel more confident, we're also going to see a higher employment rate and we're going to see more miles driven, which is going to be a driver of demand in our industry. So we don't look at a -- we look at a rising SAAR as a positive because it says that our consumer has more money on their pocket, more people are working and we have more opportunities for parts to wear down.
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. On the SG&A, we have a slight increase in our margin. And as you said, the EBIT range is the same. The change in gross margin wasn't that significant to drive us to change the number of our operating profit. So I would say that's more of a potential adjustment in the range.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Matt, I think it will come in both. I think because while the DIY customers work on their cars in their driveways and outside and so forth, that having the late spring weather that we're having this year should push some of that DIY business further into the year. And then also some of that business is related to the spring cleanup, waxing cars, cleaning out the interiors and just doing some minor maintenance and so forth. So yes, we would expect a good pickup in DIY. But at the same time, professional business or commercial business has been doing pretty well anyway, so we would expect that to continue to tick away as it has been.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. We don't have a lot of good information on that right now other than just different marketing surveys that we've done and so forth that we would -- based on what we know, which again is just based on selected surveys from different markets, where we've hired companies and done some of own studies to be -- a couple of times a year, we would typically have a shop. Now there's a huge variation depending on the type of customer. And more medium and heavy do-it-yourself-ers, you can have a lot of shops with the same customer. I remember, even back in my history being in the stores, you might see the same customer 2 or 3 times a month, so the kind of person that helps keep their families car running and maybe has an old car that has problems. But on average, if you're taking the very light DIYers that might just come in and change wiper blades, mixed with those customers a couple of times a year. But with this loyalty program, we're going to learn a lot more about that and be able to market to those customers to time coupons or specials that we want to push out to them to coincide with when we would expect them to need to do the kind of maintenance on their vehicles that might be doing based on our historical purchase records.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, more parts. They're people who work on cars. They're helping friends put on tie rod ends and change belts and hoses and stuff like that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Let me make a comment, then I'll let Tom do the quantification part of it. But our shrink and distribution costs, we've had some benefit from both of those areas that we expect to continue to see. When I spoke to the mix difference, we're speaking to the fact that we haven't seen as much of this light maintenance stuff that you would typically have in the spring and the cleanup. And maybe some oil changes and stuff like that, had a little bit of decrease in that stuff. And the thought was that some of those products, because they're promotional in nature to some degree, would carry a little lighter gross margin than the hard parts business that we're driving our gross margin with currently.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's a little too early to tell. We're seeing -- what we're seeing right now is typical spring business, where we're selling a lot of cleanup chemicals, oil changes, maintenance on things like belts and hoses that people put off, what we saw a lot of in the first quarter. And we did really good, for instance, in batteries and cooling systems, which are more -- it can be more weather-related. Cold weather causes cooling system issues, hot weather causes cooling system issues as it causes battery issues. And those categories did pretty well. So I think what we're seeing right now is just more typical spring product demand. And my speculation would be that there has got to be some pent-up demand for this spring-type business that we would have normally experienced by now. And I know for years of being here at O'Reilly, we didn't talk much about weather just because it's the weather, there's not much you can about it. But this is really an unusual comparison in our first quarter to a quarter last year, where we had just an incredibly early string. It was just very unusual, as many of you all know. And then this year, in the middle part of the country, we have had -- we really don't have spring yet. We've had -- just up until this week, there were many markets that really haven't had much of a spring yet. Even up in the Upper Midwest, they're having snow right now. And it's just an unusual comparison. But the spring weather that we would typically have that creates the demand that we would typically expect in the spring has yet to happen in some markets, so we would expect that to be a driver of comps in the second quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there's a lot -- we have a lot of information on this, as you can imagine we would. And when you look at our product sales by category, it's hard to form conclusions. But I can give you kind of some information that I have and kind of the way I look at this. In the first quarter, for instance, batteries were really strong, and I think that's directly related to the fact that we had some winter weather in a period from a comparable standpoint that we really didn't have winter weather last year. Cooling systems performed really well from a comp store sales perspective. These are things that if you have a problem with them, you've got to fix them. If your car's overheating from the cooling system failing or if your battery's shot and your car won't start, you've got to replace them. Rotating electrical did very well. Again, if your alternator or starter doesn't work, if you want to drive your car, you've got to replace it. Things that didn't do as well, for instance, from a comparison perspective, are things like refrigerant. One factor there is that refrigerant costs less this year than it did last year. But from a demand standpoint, it's easy to speculate that there isn't as much demand for refrigerant in a cold spring as there would be in a hot spring like we had last year, so refrigerant was down. Brakes are down. And I think that's something that we hear across the industry. And I think there could be several factors that affect that. But one of those is, is that many times when you have a brake job done, it's not because your brakes stopped working. It's because the friction material, the brake pads or shoes, depending on what you're driving, wore down and you need to replace them. Many times that's identified when you're having your tires rotated or maybe your oil changed at a shop or whatever the case maybe. But in most cases, the brakes aren't metal-to-metal or the consumer would've heard that and would've had the brakes replaced already. It's one of those things where the brakes have a little bit left on them and do you want to replace them now. I think that customers have been a little bit in a deferral mode. If there's 3,000, 4,000 miles left on the brakes, which is not unusual in a thin brake pad situation, I think there's more customers that are choosing to drive in the first quarter, particularly, wait until they get their tax refund because we have this delayed tax refund effect, or just tough economic conditions that would cause them to say, "Listen, I'm going to squeeze every little bit of the brake pad out of those things." So I wouldn't relate it more to that. Other differences we have are like in the motor oil, we had a -- didn't comp as well on motor oil as what we had been. And I would relate that to some heavy promotions that we had last year but also that much of our motor oil sales is DIY and a lot of DIYers just haven't had the opportunity to be out in the driveway changing their oil as much as they would in a typical spring.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I think it's still very rational. I think we're all pretty good at chopping each other these days. And we've seen no significant change related to the pricing strategies of our competitors. It's been some time actually. Now we all still continue to run promotions. And our typical promotions are a variety of things. But oil changes, for instance, there's kind of a volley back and forth between maybe a $19.99 branded oil change and $21.99 branded oil change, but that's been the case for some time. So what I'd say is there's really no change in the strategies that we've seen from either just a fixed pricing perspective or a promotional pricing perspective. We're all trying to run promotions to drive traffic in our stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. On the Affordable Care Act, there's still a lot of things to be quantified and determined. And there's even a few things that are changing, like the mandatory enrollment of Team Members into the health plan was recently delayed from January 1, '14. So there's still some -- maybe there's yet to be seen, so it's a little bit difficult to quantify. We've engaged help from outside our company to help us quantify and plan. And our plan is simply to do the things that we need to do to mitigate the expense. So we'll work through doing that. Part of that is just changing or incrementally making a minor change to our part-time, full-time mix, which we've been working to do anyway for some period of time. And then things we can do with our plan to help offset some of the cost that we might be -- that we wouldn't previously have burden. But our effort will be to try and mitigate the additional costs that we would have so that it wouldn't be something that would be recognized as an additional operating expense.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think if we all just said we're going to keep doing exactly what we're doing and we're just going to take this on the chin. I think that number might be pretty close, depending on the company. There's a lot of variation between companies. My expectation would be that most companies are not going to take this without having some adjustment on what they sell products for, just stay whole from a profit standpoint.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think there's an uneven comparison when people typically get their tax refunds last year to this year a little later. Unusual in this year is that as people have got these tax refunds, it's not spring yet, even though the calendar says it's going snow on the ground or a real cold weather. So there's a little bit of a distortion there and how we would view that. But yes, the expectation is -- our expectation is that -- and I think we've seen this in our April comparable store sales so far, because they've been pretty good and more reflective of what we would have expected to see in the spring is that there are people that now have tax refunds and are spending money on things that they had deferred. And with spring weather, they're able to do the work that they're needing to do.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're putting stores down there. Our plan is to continue to expand down there. We've been -- we feel like we're doing a good job gaining market share. We've got a really solid team down there. The distribution center, of course, underway, which is a ways away from being completed. But we've got hub operations down there and we're incrementally gaining share. And it was one of the contributors to our store growth for the quarter. I think we opened an additional 5 stores down there during the quarter. So we continue to grow down there and have big plans for having a significant presence in Florida over time.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Jack [ph], that's a big deal for us. The car population is so diverse and there's such a difference between, for instance, Seattle and Orlando or even Springfield, Missouri, where we're at, to Houston, Texas. Well, we don't have a lot of four-wheel drives here because sometimes you have winter weather. In Houston, they really don't have winter weather, so while there's a lot of pickups in SUVs, most of them are two-wheel drives, and around here you have a lot more four-wheel drives. And then you just have the brand differences, where on the coasts you just tend to have more European and Asian imports, whereas in the center part of the country, you have less. So deploying inventory in our stores is completely dependent on the vehicle population that surrounds that store. That's one of the key pieces of criteria that we use when we put inventory in a new store. And then as we do our ongoing adjustments of those inventories, as new products become available or as demand starts to tick up, one of the key factors is how many of the cars that this part fits exist in that market. So that's something that is -- computers have become completely prevalent in running our business that we've been able to leverage technology and use databases that we buy from outside the company to help us drive what we put in our stores and do a better job of managing our inventory.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there's some pretty -- no question, auto parts are available on the Internet. There's a couple of -- there's several websites actually that have access to inventory. Some of these companies stock a little inventory, many buy from -- they have dropship agreements with warehouse distributors and others that have inventories. Typically speaking, an e-commerce company, and I would reference a couple, maybe like a U.S. Auto Parts or RockAuto or something like that, they would try to sell below us brick-and-mortar guys just because they have to do something to try and get someone to agree to wait to get a part as opposed to being able to drive a few blocks and get it. In most markets, and I'm not talking about the rural areas because there are people who live out in rural areas where there's not a parts stores, but where there's many parts stores in the U.S., there's a convenience factor here. And most people live pretty near a parts store. But the Internet is lower-priced than what our stores are priced. And then there's the additional factor of the frustration of ordering parts that you're not sure you need and trying to deal with returning them. So our business is not as inclined to do a lot of volume e-commerce-wise as a lot of businesses are, mainly because of those factors I mentioned, and then just also the technical expertise it takes to determine what's actually wrong with a car. Many times when a customer walks in our store, they know they've got a problem and they think they know what they need, but we'll end up selling them something else as a result. So it's a factor, but not a huge factor for us.
Gregory L. Henslee: All right. Thank you, Latasha. We would like to conclude our call today by again thanking our 56,000 members of Team O'Reilly that are committed to providing the best customer service in our industry. It is your hard work and dedication to serving our customers that drives our success. I would also like to thank everyone on the call for their time this morning. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July, and we'll talk to you then. Thank you.
