Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimate, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and the results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, such as CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: And Alan, this is Tom. When we look at the progression of comps based on the date that the stores were converted, we continue to see it pretty similar ramp, and we are confident that we'll hit the stated goal of $1.8 million per store.
Thomas G. McFall: One thing I'd add to that, Matt, is look at the prior 2 third quarters, they have also been positive weather quarters for us as far as heat goes.
Thomas G. McFall: For my time here at O’Reilly, and I'm pretty sure of our history, we've only pre-announced one other time, which was the first quarter of 2008. To tackle Greg's comments, the end of June is a very volatile time for our business based on the timing of holiday and the days that -- the month end is leading into the holiday. So there was a possibility that we would be 2 or below 2, and we're happy to see business pick up. But based on where we were and the comments we've made in the past about missing comps and letting people know it was a significant number, we decided to release. Directly to your question of, in the future, will you -- should you expect us to pre-release if we are below comps guidance? We'll make that decision. We're not going to commit anything at this time.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I don't think it's the end of a pretty good cycle for the industry. I think that the dynamics that drive demand in our industry with miles driven, the age of vehicles, and all those things continue to bode well for the industry. It really remains unchanged to some degree. I think the factors that are affecting us right, early in last quarter, but of course, the pull-forward of some business into the first quarter due to the mild winter. And I would suspect that, that has some effect on business this summer just related to parts that didn't -- weren't caused to fail by the lack of winter weather. But as much as anything, we would speculate that it is simply consumers that are reluctant to spend money in an uncertain economic environment. We see that in a lot of different ways. And when we look at our category reports, we see things that can be deferred. It appears as though they're being deferred, and talking with the many shops that we do business with, you hear them tell stories of their reduction and the ability to sell jobs. Someone comes in for a -- says their air conditioning won't blow cold, hoping that it just needs freon. And when they find out it needs a compressor and it's going to be an $800 job or something, they say, "Well, you know what? I'll take care of it later." And they drive with their windows down. Again, we see that in our by-category reports. And while we don't go into a lot of detail in our by-category sales, it's easy to see that some of these categories that are more subject to deferral are being deferred. And another headwind our industry had to some degree is just some commodity pricing. When it comes to seasonal items like freon, 30-pound cylinders of freon are selling for substantially less than they were this time last year, and that creates a bit of a headwind for all of us.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think so. I think what -- I hope what we'll see is that -- we've had an incredibly -- we're in the middle of an incredibly hot summer and drought in the central U.S. A lot of things that are hard on cars and we see the effect of that heat up in some of the categories that would be subject to immediate failure as a result. Some of the failure that is caused by heat is deferred in the winter. For instance, on batteries, sometimes a battery will fail under heat. But many times, the damage is done to a battery during heat but it's not really stressed until cold weather when the engine demands the most from a cranking perspective. So our hope is, and what our past experience has been, is that when we have a really, really hot winter like this, that we would benefit from that -- or a hot summer like this, we benefit from that in the winter. Another factor for us is, the substantial amount of our business, at least in the historical O'Reilly stores, are in rural areas that are subject to customers who are in the agricultural business, and this drought is just terrible for their business. And we see that in our, for instance, our filter sales where we do a lot of our business in farm and ag filters. Our filter business isn't doing as good simply because the farmers aren't doing as much because their crops aren't growing because there's no water. So it's -- there's no question that there's some weather issues. But that, coupled with just the economic uncertainty, would be the things that we would speculate are causing the sequential reduction in comp store sales.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think that there's no question that the do-it-for-me side of the business is a very competitive business. It always has been, and the more players there are in that side of the business, the more competitive it can be. I have to look to our sales results. And while we've liked for our historical O'Reilly stores that performed better on the do-it-for-me side, the sequential reduction we saw is pretty similar to what we saw in the DIY side. So I -- it's hard for me to think that it's related to competition. In the CSK stores, where we continue to, we feel like, robustly gaining market share. On the do-it-for-me side, we continue to see really good sales results there. So it's a factor to some degree. We, of course, have been in this business a long time and are very sensitive to what our competitors do. And they're very defensive when it comes to losing business to a competitor. So we -- it's something we work on every day, but it's always a challenge.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I -- speaking of market share, I sure don't think we've lost market share by any means. And the information that we get indicates that we continue to gain market share. I think our ability to grow comparable store sales more robust than we did in the second quarter depends to some degree on both. We feel very confident in our ability to incrementally take market share, and I think it's exemplified with what we've done with the CSK stores. We have that ability and execute that ability every day, and I think we'll continue to be able to do that. I mean in the historical O'Reilly stores, I think, we have a very solid market share that we continue to incrementally gain, maybe at a slower rate than we are at the CSK stores, but I don't think we're losing market share. I think the contributor to our comparable store sales comes from just industry dynamics, having a good demand for auto parts, which I think has slowed to some degree related to just the position the consumers are in and then, of course, our ability to take market share, which we work every day to come up with better ways to do that. And I think we're as good as any one in the industry at accomplishing that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. In historic markets, both retail and our Professional business, it decreased, of course. They both decreased in equal proportions. On the CSK side, our -- they were very close again, our do-it-for-me business being significantly stronger from a comp store sales percentage standpoint than what our DIY business has.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we -- on the DIY side, for instance, Gary, we've shopped our competitors intently as I'm sure they shop us. And we can feel extremely confident that our prices are set competitive on the retail side. On the Professional side, it's a little more difficult. You don't -- our competitors, if we -- are not willing to tell us what price they sell a certain customer, and so you have to do a little digging to do that. So yes, we do experiment with that, and we have complete flexibility in the way we price our Professional customers. Our experience has been that while price is very, very important on the do-it-for-me side, it's the second, third or fourth on the list of things that are more important, including availability, the amount of time it takes to get the product to them, the abilities of the person that they contact to get the part. The professionals, the technicians don't want to deal with someone that doesn't know what they're talking about and they want the phone call to be very brief and as little information given as can possibly be given to make the transaction. So it's important, but I don't think that's the primary factor. But to answer your question, yes, we do experiment and we feel good about where we're at from a pricing standpoint.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Gary, of course, it's my speculation. But that's the way I feel. I just don't see anything that drives our business that has changed enough, that it would cause a deceleration outside of these other factors that could be affecting, either demand or deferred maintenance.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Al, we have a variety of different cold-weather markets and in all honesty, I'd rather stay away from defining in these -- because we drill it down in a lot of detail, and I would rather not tell our competitors what our comps are. And some of those are to these [ph] specific markets. I can tell you that generally in the cold-weather markets, we saw a more abrupt deceleration in comparable store sales than we have in the warmer-weather markets.
Gregory L. Henslee: I don't think so. I think that the economic factors may be similar to your point. They may not be quite as tough as they were. I think to this point in the year, the weather has been an unusual factor. Long term, it really doesn't matter. The weather is the weather, and our business will be what it -- will be what it is based on miles driven, and they cause parts to fail. But yes, I would see no reason for a -- for our performance in the core O'Reilly stores to be much different than what it would have been, and we expect it to be better.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say is, we continue to be very effective in our ability to roll out our DIFM programs. And we're a little, I guess, beyond where we would expect on an average store basis, would have expected to have been when we set our early plans. As far as the trajectory of which those stores are comp-ing, what I would say is the -- some of the early conversion stores we have are in cold-weather markets up in the upper Midwest. And those stores' trajectory did slow greater than the rest of the CSK stores. The CSK stores in the West Coast continued on -- at a very solid trajectory, whereas the ones in the upper Midwest slowed some. It's really pretty well beyond what the rest of CSK stores, and we do relate that directly to some pull-forward than just the effects of the weather. And we've really not publicly given the exact number we average per stores in the segments of stores, so I'd rather not do that. But I can tell you we're well down the road with getting into our $1.8 million average.
Gregory L. Henslee: I wouldn't think so. There's a lot of factors that go into how we evaluate our comparable store sales. Sometimes we do well on markets because we have made changes in the market that resulted in good -- more positive results. I would tell you that we're pretty happy with Texas right now as being one of the southern markets that's less affected by the pull-forward from weather. And while the drought in Texas and some of the agricultural business in Texas, with the cattle farmers and so forth isn't as strong as it was, overall, we're doing really well in Texas. Texas is generally a good economic state, and we're pretty pleased with it. So I'd say that, just general auto parts sales growth in Texas, market share gains in Texas are more than offsetting the effect of the hot, dry weather in the ag business.
Gregory L. Henslee: They were pretty similar. They were very similar. July was just slightly softer than August and September, but they were very close.
Gregory L. Henslee: Matt, I think it is released as it should be. The categories that hot weather affects: cooling systems, automotive batteries, HVAC. Automotive batteries, we're not going to cover off the ball. Cooling, we're doing real well. HVAC, because it's somewhat discretionary, someone can decide not to fix their air-conditioner, isn't performing as well. Whereas in this environment, we should be doing very well. So generally, I would say that it's a -- the weather is very favorable right now. I would say that there's a backdrop of economic uncertainty that is causing consumers to be reluctant to spend money to fix their cars, as they're probably reluctant to spend money on clothing or anything else that they're buying.
Gregory L. Henslee: The -- what we'd say about that is, discretionary has been under pressure for the last 4 or 5 years, and it's not a huge portion of our business as we focus on the hard parts. So it's not having a dramatic impact on our comps.
Gregory L. Henslee: The -- well, we cut the guidance the same after our strong results in the first quarter. So when we look at year-to-date, that hasn't -- for the full year, that hasn't changed. So we didn't change it in the positive direction the first quarter and left it the same here in the second quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: I don't know. That's a good question, Dan. I don't know how to reconcile that. I can tell you that from a comparison standpoint for us, we were weaker in the first 3 weeks of June. Now I don't know NAPA did last year and what they're comparing to. Maybe they were down the first 3 weeks of June. It was easier for them to comp the first 3 weeks of June this year, if I were to speak. It will be something that'd be hard for me to answer not knowing the details of their comp composition.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I'll tell you is still a lot of water passing the bridge, Scot. And I -- what I would say is that there -- I remember the time you're talking about and the demand had slowed some. There are reasons sometimes for demand to be slow. It's hard to quantify. We typically lean on consumers that are deferring maintenance based on our -- the work we do in the field with our shops and our territory sales managers to kind of understand what our repair shops are seeing, the customers that buy from us. And when you go through a period where 6 out of 10 jobs, a shop is not able to sell after giving the estimate, and it's deferred for a month until someone gets a paycheck or whatever the case may be. You get the feeling that the economy is affecting our business on the DIY side, too. And today, we're hearing a lot of that. And then when I read what I read about other retailers and the struggles that they're having with revenue, it just makes you realize that there's a lot of uncertainty among consumers right now, and people are holding on to money. And when they have an opportunity to defer a spend, we have to feel like they're doing so. Fortunately for us, many of the automotive things that they were spending money and not things that they can defer if they want to drive their cars. Although this time of year, there are probably more things that they can defer because our business becomes a little more dependent on a deferred repair item, which is HVAC, which is not performing as well as what we would ideally like to see right now.
Gregory L. Henslee: No, I think they're both a factor. I -- it's hard to quantify either one, but -- us having gone through this really odd weather here, where we have this winter that in many markets, just didn't happen. Here in Springfield, Missouri where we normally would have some snows and ice and freezing temperatures for some period of time, we had none of that this past year. Many of our markets had those same conditions. It's hard for us to predict the effect that, that will have on demand in the summer. And now here we are in the summer, we're having incredibly hot temperatures. I would think that, that hot, while it is driving some of the things that we would expect it to drive, rotating electrical batteries, things like that, our feeling is that it will continue to drive demand in the wintertime when some of the parts that are damaged in the heat actually fail.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's what we would point to also. As I mentioned earlier, the third quarter has been extremely strong in the last 2 years.
Gregory L. Henslee: It would be. Like I said before, some of the stores are not in great do-it-for-me market. So we won't get to the -- closer to the 50-50 that we have with the historical O'Reilly stores but yes, which we will still be able to do that, we believe.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I -- we've reached the end of the call. Operator, you didn't come back on, so I would make a closing statement here at the end of the call. I just want to thank everyone for their time this morning. You can be assured that Team O'Reilly will be working hard during the third quarter to make sure we generate good results, and we look forward to reporting these results to you in October. Thank you.
