Thomas McFall: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2015 results, our outlook for the second quarter and the remainder of 2015. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas McFall: Hi Michael this is Tom I guess you are asking me that question. We are a long term focus company so how much we repurchase during a quarter is a portion of our long term plan. When we talk about the quarter itself we really look at buyback as call to call. If we look back to the beginning of the year we were in a dark period we released earnings in February and we bought really not very many shares. So since the last call we've repurchased $200 million worth this year. So a pretty good amount what I would tell you we continue to be very effective in generating free cash flow higher than our conservative projections. So we will continue to deploy the cash that we generate over a period of time to consistently buyback our shares within that we want to maintain flexibility to pursue opportunistic acquisitions.
Thomas McFall: There is not a player in the U.S that we don’t have a significant overlap of that size. We continue to look at all opportunities to expand our brand. But to your point our history is been we've been successful at identifying underperforming assets and brining the things that we do to the table and improving their performance. So that’s what we continue to look for. 
Greg Henslee: The increase in our operating margin guidance for the year is based on the performance in the first quarter with the second, third and fourth quarter expectations staying the same.
Greg Henslee: No I would tell you that some of the ranges have -- there is varying degrees within the ranges based on our first quarter results the only percentages that we felt triggered outside of range was operating margin.
Greg Henslee: There is really not there is still time that we don’t have some type of supply chain disruption with them. And I don’t know for sure those vendors that they were speaking to that I don’t think they mentioned the name but I suspect I know because we're supply by the same vendor. And yes, we have actually of vendor that are having trouble, at a matter of fact Greg Johnson who is here visited one of their distribution centers here recently just trying to get a better birds eye view and handle on what they are doing to their business.  We mitigate that significantly with relationships with the backup vendors many of which supply us other products and then we have processes in place to divert orders to vendors who have product and can supply. So I'm sure they will get through this in short order they are a quality company and one that has supply to us for a longtime. But there are in a process of integrating some businesses they obtained into distribution facilities that don't appear to be as prepared for it as they could have been and yes, we are experiencing some disruptions but again this is not something that is unusual, we consistently have issues of one type or another with suppliers.
Greg Henslee: We're not exposing Northeast as some. Really what was I was talking is being more on relative basis our two year stack was pretty consistent we win up against some tougher comparison two year stack stake in system. But the comp number for this year was slightly lower than it was in January and March. Yes I would say it was more related to kind of some late winter weather which in the longer term is generally good for us but in the short term when people are iced in and not driving and those kinds of things they can create some softness in business for a short period of time. I think that's probably the primary factor with this year in February. Again we had a good February it was just slightly less than what our January and March was.
Greg Henslee: Well Alan it's both. We continue to do well with existing customers. We were doing a lot of work to do more business with some of our national customer. And I guess to speak to your question about work with existing customers and we have a significant effort as to our competitors to do more business with national accounts and competitors that are changes of shops. And we continue to do well when expect to continue to do well in the future. A big driver of our just transaction increase is the continued opportunity we have in some of our newer market since specifically the West Coast markets as we continue to gain traction out there and become more of a first call status or maybe move ourselves from third call to second call with some existing customers. And then also new customers as we continue to expand our professional programs in the stores that we acquired from CSK years ago. We still -- I know we are years down the road now but we still have a lot of runway in front of us as far the amount of business that we can be doing out there per store on the professional side as well as the DIY side. And we've seeing some really good results in the last several months out there on both the professional and the DIY side. 
Greg Henslee: Yes I think we can Florida continues to be incredibly good state for us and it's a big growth state for us in the first quarter. We're up to 130 stores in Florida now and we've not really reached down into far South Florida although we continue to look at property down there and work on our expansion down there. But we're incredibly pleased with our performance down there. A lot of this is about the team that we have executing our plan down there and we just had a really strong team in that part of the country as we do many parts of the country. But down there they've just proven that they are very successful at executing our business plan and looking back I wish we would have expanded in to Florida several years ago because this has been a great market for us but we continue to look to that growth in to Southern Florida as a big opportunity for us and have reasonably at this point that we won't be in good shape from a distribution standpoint out of our Lakeland facility.
Greg Henslee: Well from a competitive standpoint we've got test competitors all over. I would tell you that tentative landscape from our perspective is at least a strong as this ever been and probably stronger since more of our competitors compete on both sides of the business just five or ten years ago. This is hard to know for sure where the business that we gain in market gains come from. But I would say it's a mix of both, we have good competitors that are publically traded, good competitors that are private, good competitors that do businesses as what we call two step distribution which is just kind off the beaten path type of under car warehouses and they can be very strong competitors.  We really focus on establishing a relationship with the best customers in market and then overtime every customer in a market and just working our way up the ladder improving our ability to provide service that exceeds our competitors in many cases having competitive prices.  We really don’t see a big price response as we come into the market. I think that most in our industry have realized that price is not the primary reason that a shop buys from a part store it's a service in relationships and their ability to work with the part supplier to make sure that they have the right to return products that they take up a car for warranty, the occasional labor claim just all the relationship things that go into helping partner with those guys to be successful in their businesses.  From a people standpoint we sometimes transplant people, we're moving from one market to another in many cases we will hire them from competitors who are doing a lot of business down there many times they are not our retail publically traded competitors they might be our wholesale competitors or under car type competitors. But as we expanded in new markets we of course look around and see who is selling the parts and if we have a chance to give someone an opportunity with the company that’s going grow in that market and put them in a position to improve their career and become part of our team here at O'Reilly we do that. But in many cases we're able to move people and promote people from within as we expand. And in Florida it's been a mix of both we've hired some people with they've helped us and then we've developed and promote some people from within. So it's a combination.
Greg Henslee: Prior to us acquiring CSK and getting CSK to the point there is professionally capable as they are today. And speaking of our West Coast stores we really have a national footprint to be a true national account provider. Today we are in better position in ever to do that with the exception of a few states up in the Northeast. Some of these accounts are not truly coast to coast national accounts they're big regional accounts. And over the past three, four, five years we've put a lot more effort into developing relationships with those accounts and growing those accounts than we had in the past partly just because of our geographic footprint but then also because of the consolidation in the service provider industry and our desire to benefit from that consolidation be a partner to these companies that are consolidating and growing the business.
Greg Henslee: It is hard to know for sure but we try out the hard. We have a great team in the field and this is supported by great team here at our headquarter. I can't help if you like some of the things that we've done over the past few years which has improved our availability to products we've increase the number of times that we touch our story today. And as you know product availability is a huge factor and driving the success in auto parts business. And because if you can get the product faster even your competitor can that’s a big factor.  I think some of the retail things we've done as far as improving the services that we do maybe helping a customer pull the meaning of a check engine light is on or installing a wiper blade or the occasional battery, stuff like that. I mentioned before that there was a time that we were pretty reluctant to do those kinds of things simply because we didn’t want to infringe on our professional customers business and operations. But overtime realized that those kinds of things from most part they were unable to charge a customer for anyway and they didn’t mind us doing those things so we've done that, I think that’s been a contributor to our DIY business.  As much as many things we just got a really, really strong management team in the field that is incredibly focused on making sure that we out hustle and provide a service level to our customers is greater than what our competitors be. And while that’s not something that day start doing that it grows your business innocently it something that overtime has a very positive effect. I think that over the past two or three years we put a renewed emphasis on the importance of out servicing our competitors and making sure our customers experience the service level with us is that's greater than they would experience with any of our competitors and I think that’s probably the biggest factor driving our performance.
Greg Henslee: Well two years ago we would have been -- just more maybe slightly better than we were two years ago compared to three or four years significantly better. We only started touching our stores more on weekends back about three years ago. I really don’t have the numbers with me but we turned it up a lot and we could turn it up more, as more as more and more of our competitors have come with the realization that being in the professional business requires that you'd be able to put the part in the professional customers hand first if you want the business is augmented their distribution capabilities with hub stores and so forth. We further levered this very strong distribution network we have that's augmented by our hub stores. And we have the ability to deliver it further if we want to. Right now we feel like that the service level that we're able to provide are a notch above our best competitors and we have the ability with this strong infrastructure that we have to continue to turn that up as we need to remain the preferred supplier and maintain this advantage that we feel like we have from availability standpoint.
Greg Henslee: Well we've seen the impact from gas prices really more on the increasing side as they increased back some years ago and we felt the effect of that to some degree. Although it was tempered by the fact that people were hang on to the cars longer in the tougher economy and maybe doing more repairs and that benefited us. I guess what I would say is that right now with gas prices having come down as much as they the feeling of the business is very robust. It's hard to quantify that I would say that the magnitude of the effect of that I would reflect simply in the miles driven and according to last year's model increased significantly if I have that number I don’t have in front of me but I think in January miles driven were up 4.9%. And that’s pretty significant so to me the measurement of the effective miles driven in gas prices is reflective on the miles driven. And miles of course gave a very positive effect on us. Now one of the contributors who miles driven of course is the fact that unemployment rates have come down and computer miles are up. And we do that as a positive force too, so both those things are significant contributors we feel like to our businesses as well as many retail businesses it might not do as well and when consumers don’t have cash and might differ some of the things that they would otherwise.
Greg Henslee: What I would say is during the tougher times doing the recession we saw some of the appearance, accessory type categories that performed poorly and this past quarter where virtually every category performed well. So I think i-category performance is reflective of the consumer that is going to spend more money than they have in the past few years.
Greg Henslee: Have a lot of strength in Florida, have a lot of strength on the West Coast we're doing really well. We've really all parts of the country we had a really good start to the year. West Coast and Southeast are best performing market.
Greg Henslee: No we're working to expand it there now Devens is supplying somewhere near 60 stores just slightly over 60 stores which include 50, 60 IT stores that we acquired a few years ago. We were actively spending a lot of time up there to find expansion properties. And will be expanding up there, we see a lot of opportunity in the Northeast. High population lot of traffic, we'll do well, it's just a matter of us obtaining size and growing between the processes. So that’s good opportunity for us there. In last quarter's call we've commented on this that 2016 would be a big year for us up there. Typically for us be comfortable with the markets and develop sites, it really [indiscernible] is a two to three year process. So next year we would expect to see more significant growth out of Devens.
Greg Henslee: The difference was significant. Last year was April, May or pretty comparable June is slightly softer it was pretty consistent.
Greg Henslee: We think that there was a time not that many years back that we were probably guilty of not staffing as the way we should on nights and weekends just with respect to our focus on the professional side of the business and the fact that we wanted to have our best and most qualified team members present when the shops were open. And as we have tried to improve the service level fully provide on the DIY side one of the key to that of course is to staff appropriately when a lot of the DIY business takes place which is nights on weekend. So we've had a conservative effort over the past couple of years maybe a little more than that to staff more robustly on nights and weekends not only from a headcount perspective but with the quality of team members that can provide the service levels that will make us the preferred supplier to DIY customer.
Greg Henslee: Well our private label business continues to grow. I actually didn’t look at the number before I came, I think we're around 35% private label something like that. We have grown that really through the recession with respect to the fact that more customers were choosing or driven to choose a low priced product as opposed to a premium product. And where we had covered disparities maybe we had our full line coverage in our brand and then we had short line coverage in a private label.  We felt like it was putting us at a little bit of a disadvantage so we've expanded our private label product offerings in many hard categories and as a result that availability has shown us that a lot of customers simply prefer those products. Now in our business we -- in many of our categories where we have put a private label product in place it's actually a branded product it's a product that we have set a send up as a brand, a national brand, we consider to be a private label product. We would expect that to continue to grow to some degree like our import parts offerings for most part what we would consider private label but they are really branded products. So yes we expect that to continue to do well and grow. What I would add to that is when we look at our professional business. We manage our product line up on a category by category segment by segment basis. And there have been certain categories that professionals have been more receptive to moving up of traditional brand but there are many more categories where brand that traditional brand remains extremely important for the installing. 
Greg Henslee: I would say that what we're seeing is that’s really category by category basis for what's accepted in the general market place. 
Greg Henslee: I would speculate and again we don’t have all the details of the division of sales by our competitors that based on what we know at least in our public traded competitors. They appear to be growing their do it for me business much faster than the DIY both ours are growing well. But considering the disparity that we seem to have between our DIY performance and some of our competitors DIY performance have a half of things we're gaining more market share on the DIY side.
Greg Henslee: I think there are still fairly early in the integration process. I think that we've been pleased with our ability to grow business in the markets where they have worked to consolidate. Some markets they've really haven’t done much consolidation work yet. But I would say that we're pleased and it's gone kind of as we would have expected from a benefit to our company standpoint. I think there is still a lot to be seen with our integration it's still in the early stages I would speculate and a year from now I could probably speak to the benefit we've seen and whether or not that met our expectations better than I can at this point simply because the integration is still very early.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Ellen. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking over entire O'Reilly team for the outstanding start to 2015. We remain extremely proud of our record breaking first quarter results and extremely confident and our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout 2015. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our 2015 second quarter results in July. Thanks.
