Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement: The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Scot, on the second part of your question, we would expect, absent the LIFO charge, to see a relatively consistent gross margin percentage with the third quarter in the fourth quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: Sure. On the timing of deals, we expect to have some pretty big deals get re-upped here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, which is why we're calling off the LIFO charge. After that, we'd expect to be on a pace to be back to more incremental gains.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. No, it stayed pretty -- well, no, it narrowed a little bit. The -- no, I'm sorry, it widened a little bit with -- compared to last quarter. The -- it's a little bit wider this quarter. We had one less Sunday, which is a good number for the professional side and less good for the DIY side. So yes...
Thomas G. McFall: On the inflation side, when we look at sale prices year-over-year, excluding mix, we're well below historical averages for inflation, which I think had been noted at other places within the industry.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. When we look at traffic on DIY, it's been pressured over a long period of time due to the changes in vehicles and the frequency of repair. Last quarter, we had one of our best DIY traffic counts in a while, and that slowed this quarter. So there continues to be pressure. So again, we had one less Sunday, which is good for the professional side of the business and more challenging to the DIY side of the business, but it did slow. Now on the do-it-for-me side of the business, we continue to gain share, both in our existing markets and even more robustly in the acquired markets. So those ticket counts are -- increases are more than offsetting the DIY pressure.
Thomas G. McFall: For the foreseeable future, we don't see a catalyst out there that's going to drive our acquisition costs higher and sale prices higher. So we're not expecting to see for the foreseeable future comps driven as much by inflation as we've seen in the past.
Thomas G. McFall: When we come up with our guidance, we will look at pricing trends and we will look at our business trends. We always project weather to be normal.
Thomas G. McFall: The new DCs really won't have a significant impact on our gross margin. It will have a little bit of headwind when they first open as they're not as efficient, although we're spreading it out across a large base. So that's the distribution cost standpoint. When we look at gross margin tailwinds next year, although we haven't given guidance, when we get beyond signing up some of the last few big deals we have and the impacts from our LIFO, when those subside, we're going to see that pressure released, and we'd expect to see higher margins in the back half of the year. And it really doesn't relate back to DCs or DC openings. We really try to focus our deals with our suppliers on how much product we're going to move over a period of time.
Thomas G. McFall: It won't impact our LIFO calculation as much as our capitalized distribution costs for more inventory, that helps to offset the value, the cost. The cap is a recognition of the value of putting more salable inventory in place in those costs you burden. So it really doesn't run through LIFO.
Thomas G. McFall: But Dan, what I would add to that is CSK's operating margin of 5% was -- they were working pretty hard to keep that number down. So a lot of it is operational execution. So they should not have been at 5%. Should they have been at the 12% that we were at, there are some differences in leases and things like that. But part of getting their 5% up to 12% is just executing the business better.
Thomas G. McFall: No, we got a little -- we had a combined question back a few questions ago. There's 2 issues. There's -- these new deals are going to be a pressure on us from a LIFO accounting standpoint and create short-term margin as we write all our inventory down to those new deal prices. The other issue was a question on new DCs, and we'll see higher capitalized distribution costs next year, which is recognition for all these DCs we're going to put in place and additional inventory we'll have in salable position. And that will be a net 0 on gross margin as the capitalization of those values offset the increased cost of new DCs.
Thomas G. McFall: The increase in SG&A on a -- we leverage total SG&A. But if we look at broad dollars, the growth was 0.75% per store, which is what we're expecting for the full year.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I'll take the second question and I'll defer the LIFO question to Tom. I'll let -- I'll answer first. On Advance's acquisition of GPI, we basically have, read all the information you have, of course. And us being in the business, we know probably a little bit more about those companies from a competitive standpoint than you do. So we, of course, looking at it from our side, see the opportunities that could be created, just as our competitors see opportunities when we acquire companies, to take advantage of the distraction and the work that has to be done to integrate those companies. So we'll, of course, be working to do what any good competitor would do, and that is to try and gain market share as they work to bring those companies together. There's still a lot of unknown as far as what they'll do with the brands and whether the Park West and Advanced stores will be integrating together or they'll continue operate those in the same market separately. So there's a lot yet to be seen. But we, of course, see the opportunities that we have to take advantage of potential market share gains as they work through that acquisition.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, on the CSK product mix, our company as a whole, we're about 42% professional and 58% DIY. CSK is more DIY-oriented still. They would still -- they would be more in 66%-34% range, something like that. So we continue to work to gain that market share on the professional side out there, and that becomes a bigger part of our mix. As we've talked about, we continue to do a little better DIY out there, so we're growing both sides of the business. But the commercial business grows significantly faster than the rest of the business. And then, Tom, you take the remainder.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I don't think it'll get to 50%-50% just because some of the locations that we're in out there are more retail-inclined locations. But it can probably get to -- I don't know, I would be guessing because we're trying to grow both of them as much as we can. But we might get it to the 45%-55% range someday. But again, that's yet to be seen. It depends a lot on just the what happens in our industry relative to the amount of DIY business and hold the amount of the do-it-for-me business. I think everyone agrees that right now, the do-it-for-me business is growing a little bit more robustly than the DIY business. So it may be that we reach a point that we're not able to get our DIY business to be that much of our mix out there or maintain that much of a mix out there. But we'll see. We -- our do-it-for-me business is strong and growing, and we'll just have to see where it ends up.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Tom may have some comments on this, but we're simply going back through our major vendors, primarily hard parts vendors and -- post the CSK acquisition and the expiration of some of the agreements that we had post the acquisition and just kind of reworking those deals and resetting those deals to reflect our planned growth on the East Coast and the rest of the country, and that's kind of what we're working through. So these are deals that will benefit us and our manufacturers as we assure them business and growth into the future. And that put us in a position to work to do on the East Coast what we've not yet done and have been able to do in the Central and the Western part of the country.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we've been saying that it would just be more macro. And maybe not so much industry related, but I would relate it more to the fact that the DIY customers are typically customers that are -- and many have worked on their own cars because they are economically incentivized to do that. They really can't afford to have their car worked on, so they try to do some of the jobs themselves. And I think some of the things that have happened of late with the governmental shutdown and those kinds of things, us maybe not having as quite as hot a weather as what we would have typically had in the summertime, those things probably put a little bit of pressure on the DIY. I think that from an industry standpoint, that everyone agrees that the do-it-for-me business is growing a little bit faster than the DIY but -- business just as a result of the complexity of vehicles and the expertise that it takes to do some of the drivability-type repairs, and we would expect that trend to continue into the future.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It really is a timing thing. We plan our promotions based on a variety of things, including the timing with vendors related to their preference on oil change specials and some of those kinds of things. The primary difference here is just some pretty aggressive oil change specials we had running during that period last year that we didn't have running at the same time this year. Really, nothing has changed. But it did have an impact, and it was a positive from a gross margin perspective and probably did put some pressure on sales during the quarter. And definitely, as we look at it from a category-by-category basis, those categories that we were promoting last year didn't perform nearly as well from a sales standpoint towards the end of the period as they performed last year, but they, of course, performed much better from a gross margin perspective. So it's just typical promotions. Nothing has changed with the way we do it. Strictly a timing thing.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, here's what I would say, Chris, that our DIY business definitely slowed down towards the end of the quarter more -- pretty dramatically. And we related it directly to the difference in the promotional activity that we were running last year in those categories that we're promoting. At the same time, this whole government shutdown and the bickering that's been going on in Washington, was going on, I think has informed, as most people are these days, because of the news agencies and smartphones and all that kind of stuff. I think it creates uncertainty, especially when people are living paycheck to paycheck and we're talking about defaulting on our sovereign debt and all the things that are discussed on TV and news agencies. So a lot of people don't really understand. They just think it's bad and can't be good for them. And then also, the impending health care debate and whether or not people are going to have to spend the money next year to have health care in order to abide by the law and what that means, and what's going to happen with their employer-sponsored health care when many are delaying their open enrollment because they are trying to figure out how to do this and what's the right thing to do, and they want to be competitive with other companies when it comes to the health care. We had all of us rapping a burden, a little more expense. So there's just a lot of uncertainties, I think, that also contribute to DIY softness. So far this quarter, we have seen our DIY business doing better, and our overall business has been solid, as I said. So I think the government saying, hey, we're going to get along for a while here, I'm trying to work this out, I think that has helped calm some nerves and things are maybe a little more back to normal.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, I think at some point, it most likely will continue. Our historic rate's been more in the 1% to 2% range, 1.5%, something like that. We're expecting it to be pretty flat. A big part of that's driven by commodities as oil prices have increased. And we're still seeing as much of that of late. And other commodities, too, [indiscernible] and some things like that. I think over time, we do move back into more of an inflationary environment, that as we've continued to grow and some of the other companies have continued to grow, we all buy well, it's harder, I think, for manufacturers to pass price increases through to these larger companies that operate very efficiently from a supply chain perspective. And we just went through a period and would expect to continue to go through a period in the upcoming year where we wouldn't expect there to be as much inflation, unless something were to happen that drove commodity prices up. And then we want to see some.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, a big part of it was product acquisition costs for sure. We've -- and a lot of that's due to a lot of factors. One, just the size and the buying power we have. A lot of it's efficiencies that we have created in supply chain from a -- just a supply standpoint, buying through vendors here in the U.S. but buying more product from overseas manufacturers and things like that. But yes, it has exceeded what we thought would be -- I think the majority of the synergy has come through improved gross margin.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, to some degree, comparing the core O'Reilly stores to the CSK stores is a little bit comparing apples to oranges because of the -- as a company, it was a young company and expanding. We expanded into a lot of rural markets that really never had the top line potential that many of the metro stores that we put in as a more mature company at core O'Reilly and CSK was in when we bought them. So CSK has the potential to have the majority of the -- what was CSK has the potential to have a majority of their stores at a pretty high top line and more comparable with the metro stores that core O'Reilly has. If we compare the metro stores at core O'Reilly to the CSK metro stores, the core O'Reilly stores still outperformed the CSK stores. There's still a lot of upside on the CSK. The core O'Reilly stores are -- as a whole are dragged down a little bit by the rural stores that we operate. They just don't have that top line potential. So core O'Reilly would still be probably a little higher in those metro stores, but we -- we're working those CSK stores up to that level. And then, in some cases, we'll surpass core O'Reilly because they're -- we're in some really good markets out West that have a lot of market potential, and we're just in the process of gaining that -- forming market share, and we still have a lot of room to grow.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, that's a good question, Jack. I'd like to say no, we didn't. But I can tell you that when you do something like this, it takes a lot of energy, and it takes a lot of focus from the -- not only the top management of the company but the field team members that you put in place to do that. What we did during the CSK acquisition was we really relied on our field operations management to run the core O'Reilly stores and keep things headed the right direction. I think they did a great job. But there's -- it always takes a lot of energy out of the top management of the company to absorb the kind of acquisition that we did with CSK and Advance is working on integrating with GPI. So the answer would be yes, sure it did. It takes some out. And you do the best you can to avoid materializing in market share loss, but there's certainly that possibility that exists with any acquisition of this size.
Gregory L. Henslee: Oh, yes. Yes, we kept -- we were -- we kept our eye on the ball. And all the things that -- really what you try to do, Jack, is you try to make -- the stores that are in operation that are operating and servicing customers, you try to make it a non-issue for them. You make it something that they read about on our newsletters and our communications, but you make it something that doesn't impact them. Where it can become distracting is where you're trying to maybe adapt the business to the changing market conditions, something the competitor is doing. There's just not quite as much focus on that from a top management standpoint as there would you if you weren't integrating a company. So that would be generally where I'm coming from.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay, thank you, Ellen. I'd like to once again thank everyone, every member of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and their dedication to our ongoing success. You've proven time and time again that the relentless focus on providing consistent, excellent customer service is the key to our long-term, profitable growth. We remain committed to executing our proven business model in every existing and new markets that we enter. We are confident that we'll continue to gain market share by focusing on satisfying each customer who calls or walks into our stores. Thanks to everyone for their time today, and we look forward to reporting our 2013 fourth quarter and full year results in early February. Thanks.
