Tom McFall: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2015 results and our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2015. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: We would expect to see a similar number. We are going to have more dollars in the San Antonio DC. We haven't set our number for new stores, but it will be in the same neighborhood that we were this year, potentially a few more stores. So we would expect to see a similar number.
Tom McFall: We have been, over the last few years, more successful faster than we anticipated as far as having our suppliers help us with financing inventory and utilizing our vendor financing program. In addition, operating results have been very good, so we've generated more cash than we've expected. We continue to look for opportunities to get the best return on that cash. To-date that's been repurchasing shares and you saw that we picked up the amount of repurchases we had during this quarter because we saw some great opportunities. We will continue to prudently execute that. To the extent that we have cash on the balance sheet, we are not going to go out and raise debt to have more cash sit on the balance sheet and have a negative carry. So when we have opportunities to invest or if we don't have cash on hand, we will look at that point to raise some more debt.
Tom McFall: The answer to the question is yes. The LIFO headwind higher than we expected drove the slightly below percentage. Maybe we thought we would be 52.2, 52.1, but we've been pretty consistent in our discussion that we'd be in the 51.8 to 52.2 range basically quarter-after-quarter and we've accomplished that. But the additional $5 million headwind over last year was more than we expected.
Tom McFall: What I would tell you, Michael, is historically it has always proven best for us to deploy our capital into our business through growing new stores, maintaining our existing store base and acquiring other chains of stores. When we look at our M&A strategy, there are players out there that we are interested in, but we are an opportunistic buyer. And our success in buying and assimilating chains has a lot to do with buying the right chain at the right price. So that's why we are opportunistic. So we will continue to look for those as our number one deployment of capital. When we look at buying stock back, we look at what we think the long-term discounted cash flow value is and set our targets that way.
Greg Henslee: No. Both sides of the business did well in both quarters. We are pleased with both. The professional side is growing a little faster than the DIY side, but both sides of the business are growing well.
Greg Henslee: Well, we exited the second quarter on a strong sales note and the trend we were on continued in the third quarter. Something I might mention is that the easiest compares for the third quarter are in the first two months of the third quarter and then our tougher compares are in the last month. So yes, we are off to a good start. Business has been solid really all year. We've not seen much variance month-to-month all year with the exception of – we mentioned this in our prepared comments that May with a lot of rain, a little bit cooler than normal temperatures, our HVAC business didn't do as good as what we would have anticipated, but we feel like we've kind of made up for that with the warmer weather that we've had in June and July. So business has been good.
Greg Henslee: Well, I think it does have an impact on the ticket in the business and I think it will have for the foreseeable future. I think that to the extent that we are talking the parts that are increasing in complexity, which is a big part of our business, absent the things that we carry in our display boards, because the types of products that are being used that are electronic-oriented, more sensors – vehicles are in the process now of going to direct injection, both diesel and gas. Ignition parts are going to one coil per cylinder as opposed to one coil for the car. And then newer vehicles have all these life safety sensors and so forth that add complexity. We see that driving the cost of a repair incrementally up over time. It's hard to forecast what that increase will look like, but that will continue to happen. All the things I just mentioned tend to make us believe and I believe make others believe that the professional business will grow a little better in the coming years than what the DIY business will simply because this complexity is a challenge for DIY customers. Although, as I've said many times before and as cars originally started having onboard computers and sensors and so forth, I think that the DIY customer out of economic necessity is very adaptable and there's a lot of companies that are out there providing information and tools to help DIY customers be able to work on cars that have more sensors and more electronics. And for that reason, there's many that would bet that the DIY business is going to do pretty well. So that's my comment on that.
Greg Henslee: I think so and I think that's a trend we will continue to see. I think the later model vehicles, which are more complex. The 2015s are the most complex. I think that that trend has been going on for several years and that those cars that have the highest levels of complexity tend to stay in the do-it-for-me channel longer than what they had years back when DIY customers were able to work on them pretty easily as they came out of warranty.
Greg Henslee: Well, Dan, as we've said for some time, we view ourselves as having competitors that do better on the DIY side than what we have in the past. And I think that some of the things that we've done over the past three or four years to put ourselves in a better position to compete on an equivalent service level perspective with the best retailers in the business I think is attributed to our growth in the DIY business and will continue to do so. The way I view this is we have this big opportunity to do more DIY business just as we have this big opportunity to do more on the do-it-for-me side. Although we, as you stated, under perform some of our biggest competitors on the DIY side on a per-store basis. And the way I look at this is just like going up a staircase. You take it one step at a time and we've made a lot of positive changes that I feel like are attributing to our DIY growth and we will continue to benefit from those changes. As we see opportunities for things that we might be able to do to grow our DIY business better without infringing on our do-it-for-me business, we will continue to do that. I think there's a lot of reasons that we have an opportunity here partly based on the team members that we have that are just really good parts people. They know cars. They know parts. They know customer service. I think that our availability of product is unsurpassed in our industry and I think that as DIY customers who maybe did business with one of our competitors previously and maybe have been coming into our store lately, I think as they realize that we have this fantastic availability model, I think that just bodes well for us in the future. So I look for our DIY business to continue to be a significant part of our growth even with the headwind of parts complexity that I was talking about earlier. And as we see things that we need to adjust to make sure we continue to take market share on that side of the business, we will continue to do so.
Greg Henslee: It's a store-by-store fight out there every day. This morning, as we are releasing our results, our store managers and installer service specialists are out there trying to take business and our competitors are doing the exact same thing. So we have a lot of strong competitors that do a nice job and really nothing that we've seen has changed much. We've always had strong competitors and they've always done a pretty nice job, some better than others, but we really haven't seen a change in the tack that our competitors have taken in driving their companies, other than the things that our publicly traded competitors talk about in trying to improve their distribution systems to be more comparable to maybe ours and Genuine Parts and just trying to solve the availability equation, which is a challenge without the robust distribution network that companies like ours have.
Greg Henslee: Yes. I would attribute our market share gains to just the success of our teams on the street and the work they are putting in to maintaining customer and growing customer relationships on the do-it-for-me side, the improvements that we've made on our DIY business the last few years and really just the day in, day out blocking and tackling on a store-by-store basis and making sure that the service levels we provide are higher than our competitors and then at the same time leveraging our strong distribution network to make sure we have the best availability in the industry. And a lot of that comes from just brute strength in distribution capacity, but a lot of it also comes from the science that we put into making sure we have the right products in the right locations and that we do a better job than our competitors in making sure that the parts that we anticipate our customers are going to walk into our stores needing based on the vehicle population in each market are the parts that we have in stock in the stores and our hubs and in our distribution centers.
Greg Henslee: Well, there's a lot of companies out there that are not publicly traded, that are private and do pretty well that would be potential acquisition targets for us. We continue to explore that as we expand geographically and we even consider some companies sometimes in existing markets and we do some kind of minor acquisitions ongoing of single stores and things like that. But I don't see anything big on the horizon right now that I could speak of obviously.
Greg Henslee: I think it's both. I think we are gaining market share and I think the DIY business has been pretty good with the economy improving some and gas prices being down, more money in people's pocket, unemployment a little better, miles driven up. I think that it's both a secular demand increase and I think that we are gaining market share.
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would say, Simeon, is that we try to do the best we can on both sides of the business and we treat them somewhat separately from a management standpoint from the perspective that our promotions are different. Sometimes the product decisions we make we have to consider both sides. We don't talk to our do-it-for-me customers a lot about our DIY business and most of the time our do-it-for-me customers are not really even walking into our stores. We are delivering the parts to them and they are dealing with an installer service specialist who focuses solely on that business relationship with them and then also our territory sales managers and our regional field sales managers, store managers and so forth. So I think we have a lot of business to gain on both sides and we are less restrictive in the aggressive position that we take on the DIY side now than we ever have been simply because I think that most shops now realize that customers are going to buy parts from someone if they want to work on their own car. They are either going to buy them from one of our competitors, or us or maybe even on the Internet and we are going to be completely supportive of them and driving successful businesses for them and making parts available for them and that there's just a lot of business that they've got out there to take. And to the extent that they provide a service level that's satisfying to their customers and on our customers in effect, they will be successful. And I think most of them are less concerned now than ever about the fact that people can buy parts and do their own work if they want to, but that they can drive a great business by providing these service levels that are necessary to be successful in the service business today.
Greg Henslee: Well, I'm looking at a sheet here. I can tell you that – for instance, back in 2013, our professional business was growing pretty significantly faster in most of the quarters than our DIY business. For the last six quarters or so they've been much more comparable. And I would attribute part of that to just the effect the economy tends to have on the DIY business greater than the do-it-for-me business, just because of the economic condition of what drives someone to maybe work on their own car versus take their car into a shop. So yes, I would say that here recently with the economy doing a little better, unemployment better that the DIY business has improved. And the commercial business has remained good, but the spread between the performance of the DIY and do-it-for-me has closed a little bit over the last couple years.
Greg Henslee: I think those are factors, Michael, no question about it. I mean we work hard here and we try very hard and our teams on the street work every single day to show our customers that we want them to walk into our stores on the DIY side. We prove to our professional customers every day that we want to earn their business and that they're going to be best served to buy parts from us and partner with us. So yes, I think that – it's hard for me to know exactly what all our competitors' initiatives are. I know what they say publicly and what we see on the street. But we, generally speaking, try to stay focused on what we are doing and what we can do better and where our opportunities are because we have opportunities to improve. And we focus on doing the things that we can do to improve our business and frankly, don't spend a whole lot of time analyzing what our competitors are doing unless there's some significant change that we need to react to which is really a relatively rare occurrence.
Greg Henslee: It's hard to measure exactly what impacts business. I know you know, but generally speaking, the big rains we had down in Texas aren't initially good for business. When thinks kind of shut down and people can't drive because of water over the roads and stuff like that, that obviously isn't good for us. But in the long run, we feel like it levels back out because of the damage created. Generally, kind of the way the quarter went was April was really good. May was not as good and June was really good. And I attribute May's softness or slightly softer results to the heavy rains that we had and just the fact that we had cooler temperatures, rain, not as good a HVAC business and stuff like that.
Greg Henslee: Well, we haven't – I don't expect deflation. We've not seen a lot of inflation for some time. We would expect at some point that we might start seeing some inflation in some of the hard parts products, but that's just not been the case for some time. From a pricing standpoint, it's always competitive out there and we always have competitors who, on the do-it-for-me side more than the DIY side, tend to try and take business with a lower price for a short period of time to try and change buying habits and stuff like that. But that's nothing new that's been the case forever. So really nothing has changed on the pricing front. It's always competitive and as I said earlier, we have a lot of really strong and really good competitors who do a lot of different things to try and gain market share and some of course use price as a means to try and develop a relationship with a do-it-for-me customer, but that's nothing new. I've been doing this 31 years and that happened the first day I was working in an O'Reilly store, so that's nothing new.
Greg Henslee: Well, I don't know about the impact effect, but of course we stay in tune with all the discussion about minimum wage changes and stuff like that. And as those things, if they come to fruition, we will be measuring and planning and including those in our forecast for results.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, John. We would like to conclude our call today by again thanking Team O'Reilly for another quarter of record breaking results. We remain very confident in the continued strength of our long-term drivers for demand in the automotive aftermarket and in our team's ability to consistently provide unsurpassed levels of service to our customers. We remain absolutely focused on extending our long history of profitable growth as we build on our very strong performance for the first half of the year. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2015 third quarter results in October. Thank you.
