Tom McFall: Thank you, Zenara. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today’s conference call, we’ll discuss our fourth quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2020. After our prepared comments, we’ll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I’d like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now, we’ll take a closer look at our quarterly results and our guidance for 2020. For the quarter, sales increased to $168 million comprised of $100 million increase in comp store sales, a $58 million increase in non-comp store sales and a $10 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For 2020, we expect our total revenues to be between $10.7 billion and $11 billion. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 20.6% of pretax income, which was lower than expected based on a larger than expected benefit from share-based compensation and it was comprised of a base rate of 23.8%, reduced by a 3.2% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2018 rate of 23.6% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24% reduced by a 0.4% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 22.3% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.8%, reduced by 1.5% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2020, we expect an effective tax rate of 23.2% comprised of a base rate of 23.6% reduced by a benefit of 0.4% for share-based compensation. We expect the first and fourth quarter rates to be lower than the second and third due to solar tax credits in the first and tolling of certain tax credits in the fourth. Also variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation will create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as a percent of pretax income. Now, let me add some color to our free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the year and our expectations for 2020. Free cash flow for 2019 was $1 billion, which was $170 million decrease from the prior year. The decrease was driven by higher net inventory investment, cash taxes and capital expenditures, offset in part by increased operating profit. In 2020, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion with the year-over-year increase due to increased operating profit and lower cash taxes offset in part by higher investments in capital expenditures. Inventory per store, for the U.S. stores only at the end of the quarter was 631,000, which was a 3.1% increase from the end of 2018. The increase above our expected range of 2% to 2.5% was due to acquisition price increases and slow December sales. As Greg mentioned earlier, we’re going to make additional inventory investments in 2020 and expect our per store inventory to grow 5%. Our AP-to-inventory ratio for our U.S.-based business at the end of the fourth quarter was 104.6%, which was below our expectations and below the 105.7% where we ended 2018. For 2020, we expect to slow slightly more and finish the year at 104% based on the inventory initiatives Greg discussed. Moving on to debt. We’ve finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.34 times as compared to our ratio of 2.23 times at the end of 2018. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects our May bond issuance and the borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. We’re below our stated leverage target of 2.5 times and we’ll approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and for 2019, we repurchased 3.9 million shares at an average share price of $369.55 for a total investment of $1.4 billion. Subsequent to the end of the year through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.2 million shares at an average price of $428.29. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I’d like to thank the O’Reilly team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments, and at this time, I’d like to ask Zenara, the operator, to return to the line and we’ll be happy to answer your questions.
Tom McFall: Sure Mike. This is Tom. So two pieces to that question. So first, we expect to see a LIFO benefit mainly in the first half of the year. Our LIFO calculation is a total pool. So as these costs of acquisitions come in, they immediately reduce the total pool. So that’s the first part of the question. The second is these lower acquisition costs on these specific product lines is as the sale prices remain high will generate more gross margin. So we’ll gain that initial charge back over the turn of the good, which is why we’ll see in the second half of the year, more benefit and less benefit in the first half.
Tom McFall: So we discussed this on last quarter’s conference call that the lower benefit from products purchased before the tariffs would abate during 2020. And we’ll see that in the second half. We didn’t quantify the amount that that’s the main driver that are – that combined with Mayasa are the drivers for a lower gross margin.
Tom McFall: The second – our expectations for 2020 is that as we anniversary the pressure on DIY ticket count, which those customers are more susceptible to rising prices as we annualize those price increases and annualize the pressure on the ticket count that we will see growth in that ticket count.
Tom McFall: And then a negative swinging to slightly positive. And your answer is, yes, it should improve over the years, we anniversary more of the tariff-related price increases.
Tom McFall: The thing that I would add to that is as we move through the quarter, and it starts to warm up, south to north, those drivers of our business, historically, the weather-related categories become less of a portion of our total sales. And January is a low volume month for us. More than two thirds of the quarter are still in front of us.
Tom McFall: Let me – this is Tom, let me start I'll turn it over to Jeff. When we look at our SG&A, we're continuing to see benefits as we lap these inflationary price increases. But our – as the small units, especially retail, our number one expense is payroll. And that continues to be an area where both low unemployment and statutory rates continue to push that number up. So in Jeff's comments, we talked about the fact that the SG&A would be above our historic norms. We do continue to see efficiencies, but it's being offset by those pressures, and we continue to invest heavily in our technology, and that continues to pressure SG&A as it has over the last few years.
Tom McFall: Yes so Bret we’ve really got three primary categories that we've seen some exception in, and it's not across the board. For example, rotors has an exception, but the exception is only on a certain diameter or circumference rotor. So the larger rotors didn't get the exception, the smaller rotors did. Most of the exceptions that that have been granted are retroactive, and we would expect to get the tariffs paid to date back as well. 
Tom McFall: Bret this is Tom. I’d like to add something to the first question on tariff exceptions. I'd highlight yourself and others on the call that we work very hard at making sure that we didn't take the full tariff increases through looking at the currency through other sourcing, through sharing those increases with our suppliers. So we, the aggregate price increases were quite a bit less than the actual headline tariff number.
Tom McFall: To add to Greg’s comments we finished 2019 with a 7.8% two-year stack. And at the midpoint of our guidance, at the end of 2020, we would get 8%. So what we would say is that we expect the underlying dynamics of the automotive aftermarket and our execution of our business model will remain robust and will be consistent. Now we expect to see some improvement in traffic, less inflation, but a different composition of our average ticket. So we would view our outlook for 2020 to continue to be solid based on those trends.
Tom McFall: So we're fully self-insured for health benefits. And they have not a very long time from initial claim to when you know the full extent of the claim, particularly about six months. So what we saw was our third quarter mature in a way that was much higher than we thought, and fourth quarter come in a lot higher, but health benefits have a fluctuation, and we've had good years and good quarters and we've had rougher years and rougher quarters, and it really – some of it is just statistics and odds.  What we looked at was a few really big claims and more medium to larger claims than we'd expect. Impossible to predict fully, but we would expect this to be more of an outlier and expect 2020 to follow more historical medical trends for our population.
Tom McFall: So to take out the rest of the question, Michael, as we get near the end of the season people will defer true seasonal purchases, whether that’s air conditioning season or in this case, cold weather. We'd expect the rest of the winter to be normal. Precipitation is really what creates the rough road, so we'd expect that to be normal, and that hasn't been as different. If you remember last year, we had the polar vortex, which that cold weather really drives the seasonal. So between that and a better vehicle dynamic as opposed to 2017, where we were going to get the harder vehicle dynamic gives us confidence. And as Greg said, our underlying core categories have been good.  As far as the risk to comps throughout the year, what we would tell you is that we're not in an underserved market. We need to continue to go out and execute better than our competitors and grow our market share every day, whether it's the first quarter or the fourth quarter, and it will be the same next year. When we look at our comps, and we continue to perform very consistently, a lot of it driven by the vehicle dynamics, by reasonable gas prices, by high levels of employment, and we expect that to continue throughout the year. So our expectations for comps will be relatively consistent in the second, third and fourth quarter, first quarter or by January lack of cold weather categories.
Tom McFall: Well, what we would tell you is that our focus is on comp gross margin dollars. And as we saw this year with same-SKU inflation, we're able to generate more gross margin dollars at a similar rate. So we always try to improve our acquisition costs and the efficiency of our distribution and squeeze out those costs to drive better gross margins. So our expectation is that it will be stable to slightly growing.
Tom McFall: Joe, on the cap question, on the comp question on for LEAP day. We don't include that in our comps. So that day just becomes a non-comp day. When we look at around the election, our expectation is that we won't see significant disruption around the election.
Greg Johnson: Yes. So the first part of your question, what was the makeup of traffic. What I would tell you is that traffic for the second quarter in a row, overall was positive. The cash traffic was slightly negative, which was more than offset by the charge traffic, Tom, do you want to take the…
Greg Johnson: What I would tell you is, obviously, first quarter is always a volatile quarter for us that can be significantly impacted by weather. We're very early in the quarter. There's a lot of the quarter remaining. The primary – the drivers, the fundamental drivers of categories are performing well. When you look at the undercar underhood categories, we're pleased with how we're performing there. We're really missing on the weather-related categories. Because of the atypical weather that we've had thus far in the quarter.
Greg Johnson: Well, I would just add that we always – you have to pay what the market bears. And there's a lot of pressure on wages as it has been for a couple of years, also with the statutory minimum wage increases, but we always do our best to leverage that by trying to increase team member productivity through additional team member training, additional technology, which is why we're investing in the technology initiatives.
Greg Johnson: Yes, here's kind of what we're doing. We've been successful for years with our inventory deployment strategy and the strength of our supply chain is one of our greatest strengths. Markets continue to change. The marketplace continues to change, and we're trying to make sure that we're adapting accordingly. We're not changing anything related to depth or breadth of inventory in our distribution centers. What we're looking at is, as the consumer, especially the professional customer as their expectations continue to increase on prompt delivery time, in-stock position from all of our stores, even though we replenish our stores daily and they get multiple deliveries in markets where we have a distribution center or through our hub store network where we don't, we're trying to push more individual SKUs down to the spoke store level and the hub store level.  So what we're doing is adding not depth but more so breadth of SKUs at our hub and spoke stores, and it's not specific to private label or national brands. It's just trying to get more inventory out there available to drive sales. 
Greg Johnson: Yes, I’ll start that and then let Tom add on. I think it's a combination of everything you said there. I mean I think the appearance will help, the store appearance package changes will help. I think the inventory availability initiatives we have underway will help. I think all the things that we're talking about from a CapEx perspective that would help drive sales is going to help our comps for the year in our two-year stack. As I said earlier, we're not overly disappointed with how we're performing in our key categories undercar underhood categories that you expect to sell throughout the year. The softness in the first quarter is primarily related to those seasonal items. It's the batteries, it's the LIFO, it's the categories, antifreeze, washer fluids, the things that you sell during the winter when you have extremely cold weather that causes breakage in winter care. And we just haven't seen that thus far in the year. Again, it's very early in the year. And then there's still an opportunity to have a lot of cold weather in the remaining weeks of February, and we certainly hope we do, and sales for those categories pick up. But we're optimistic about the categories that drive our business day in and day out from an underhood undercar perspective. 
Greg Johnson: So we do continue to pass on prices, although we would tell you right now, our view for 2020 is they'll remain static, and the benefit will be from pre-anniversary of price increases that went on. When we look at those SG&A pressures, our opportunity, I think, is less on the pricing side, more on returning to normal growth in our average ticket and improving customer counts. But we, as Jeff talked about, need to make sure that we're staffing our stores appropriately at market rates. And we have a very technical workforce that makes all the difference at the store level.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Zac, if you think back to 2017, some of the things that we called out in 2017 are not applicable or less applicable today than they were then. 2017, we called out not only weather, but we also called out where we were with the SAAR years of vehicle, vehicle populations that we're entering our market, the aftermarket post warranty, we talked about Hispanic hibernation, post election, some of those things. And when you look back at the average age of vehicles today that are coming out of the great recession, you're well into the years that are better for our industry even than they were two years ago. So I would say that those are some of the differences. 
Greg Johnson: Definitely more in the first half of the year, very little much less in the third quarter and virtually none in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter of this year, most of the – we were slightly higher than we expected it to be, and that was on base commodities.
Greg Johnson: Not yet. One of the differences in us and a lot of our competitors in the industry is we all bring in a lot of product in from China. That's no secret. The timing of this Coronavirus kind of correlated with Chinese New Year. So we had already bought products in advance, planning for the shutdown from Chinese New Year. One of the advantages that we have is there's not a lot of product that has a demand cycle that warrants bringing it from China directly into our individual DCs. So rather we negotiate with our suppliers to keep a number of days of inventory on hand in their distribution facilities within the U.S. So we've got built up inventory within the U.S. that will keep us for probably two to three months that before we would see the impact from product coming from China.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Mike I’ll take the first part of that and then let Tom talk about the first half versus back half of the year. As I said earlier, our softness has been more in weather-related categories. And the fact that our sales have remained strong on those typical wear and tear categories such as undercar steering, chassis, things like that, through the first few weeks of the year and the tail end of 2019, that gives us confidence that those repairs and those hard part categories will still perform well for us. 
Greg Johnson: Yes. I mean, there's – you can break it down by categories and some categories, there was a greater sense of urgency, some have just been ongoing initiatives. An example of a greater sense of urgency would be the replacement of our store point-of-sale systems. Over the past year, we've been working on making our systems more stable in our stores, and that entails both making sure our communication networks are redundant and dependable as well as making sure the systems themselves have high availability. And when you look at a dated platform, like the AS400, when those machines fail, it takes some time to get them back up. Jeff's comments in his prepared statements, that creates downtime for the stores and creates manual processes, which doesn't result in a very favorable customer experience. So that's a big spend for us. It's a big lift. It's something we've been working on for a few months now, and we fully expect to roll those out by the end of the year.  Some of the other investments are just – they just have the right return, and there are things we need to do. We've seen savings in our utility expense in 2019 as a result of the LED lighting initiatives in our stores and our D.Cs., and we're extending that, both from an apparent standpoint, which should help with sales as well as the financial return. Another example of an initiative with a high ROI is our delivery fleet, our DOT fleet, our DOT fleet. That's going to do several things for us. Our fleet is an aging fleet, we've always depreciated our trucks over an extended period of time and over the years those trucks have become much more efficient. So by replacing a significant portion of our trucks this year, it does several things for us. One, it reduces our maintenance costs because it's new equipment. Two, it should help with our driver hiring and retention because it's new equipment, drivers like to drive new equipment. There are many drivers out there that are not certified to drive trucks with manual transmissions. All of our new trucks will have automatic transmissions, which opens up the applicant pool significantly and also that allows us to have more collision avoidance on our trucks and more technology in our trucks.  So it's a combination of all the above. Some of it, it's based on ROI, some of it is based on driving sales and some of it, it's just out of necessity like the computer system replacements in our stores.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Zenara. We like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for a solid fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. We look forward to a strong year in 2020. And I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our 2020 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: So when we look at Mayasa, it's relatively small in comparison. And when we looked at this acquisition, it's really about developing a footprint that we can expand. So we will be in there working on buying synergies and cost synergies that you would expect. But we'll also be investing to build the team and the processes to build a much larger organization. So we're going to add expenses to accelerate our ability to grow out there. 
Jeff Shaw: And I would say the guide was more so based on weather-related demand and the impact of inflation between the first quarter and the remaining three quarters. 
Jeff Shaw: As far as timing, the 11 D.C. will roll in the second quarter. And then the Horn Lake or Memphis D.C. will roll in, in the last quarter of the year. From a cost perspective, we would expect to would expect to feel some cost pressures. Distribution is included in our gross margin. It's not a huge number, which is why we didn't call it out separately.
Jeff Shaw: As far as the Q4 comps, I mean, we came out of Q3 pretty strong and that carried into Q4, just as Greg mentioned in his prepared comments, it's often a pretty widespread in December. As far as taking market share, I mean, it's always our goal, will be the dominant part in every market we operate in. And that's what we focus on fundamentally in all of our stores across the country everyday is just the fundamental execution and top-notch customer service, trying to build relationships with all the customers in the market, both retail and professional.
