Thomas McFall: Thank you, Chantelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and business strategies, expansion strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corp., weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, for more details. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas McFall: In general, the O'Reilly system works very hard at managing inventory. We have a very high level of accountability for the store manager with his inventory, both from a shrink dollar instance [ph] standpoint to replenishment standpoint. If the perpetual isn't right, they're not going to get replenished right, and they can't optimize their sales. So our system is built with a lot of tools to manage the perpetual inventory and make sure it's right. And identify opportunities to reduce shrink. So there was a pretty marked difference in the shrink amount between O'Reilly and CSK. As Ted talked about, it's a training issue, and we've seen great improvement in the stores that have converted. But there's still opportunity out there.
Thomas McFall: Yes, I think we'll look at probably four years after converting to our systems and getting five-night-a-week delivery to build the Commercial business.
Thomas McFall: On the second part of your question on synergies, we're comfortable with the last number we gave, the ultimate synergy number. As we get further and further away from the acquisition and businesses integrate and normal activities occur with SG&A and with gross margin as we continually always try to improve that, it's hard to track down a specific synergy number. We're comfortable we achieved the last number that we gave out.
Thomas McFall: Well, we go through an extensive process in the next couple of months of every year, when we look at how we want to spend our advertising dollars, where we think we can get a bang for the buck, what we think the appropriate amount to spend is given the current business trends. So that's still on the planning stage. We're going to be somewhere, give or take, around 1.5% of sales, is typically what we spend on advertising, with half of our business being in the Commercial side. Our sales force is really our advertising and marketing tool there. So that's a little different than if we are a full retailer.
Thomas McFall: Well, I guess what I'd tell you, Dan, is that we achieved 7.9% comps in the second quarter. Our guidance for the third quarter is 4% to 6%. If we exceed that guidance and put up another 7.9%, our operating margins would look similar, and our EPS would be similar. So it's really the sales volume question.
Thomas McFall: It's a significant amount. It wouldn't be quite that much. That would be the upper end of our range, but it would be meaningful.
Thomas McFall: We're hesitant to break out our store expense line. But obviously, as mentioned earlier on the call, the Real Estate group has done a great job of controlling our rent and we do see fluctuations in our payroll from the commission. But we're also seeing as better utilization of payroll and how we staff the stores out West to make sure that we have a pyramid-type wage scale, and we are appropriately leveraging people in the West Coast. And we continue to work hard at the CSK stores to bring the same expense control discipline that we've had at the O'Reilly stores for a long time.
Thomas McFall: To kind of wind back to 2009 and to talk about 2009, 2010, together, Jack, the cost that in our physical assets, get capitalized, what we have incurred costs on the payroll line in 2009, a lot of store hours to reset the hard parts. This year, hours to reset the front end and hours for training on conversion. So that's an opportunity going into next year to recycle that payroll to other tasks, and ideally, it's to drive more sales volume, so that we get the bang for the buck. Otherwise, we'll take those hours out. I can't quantify for you specifically, but it's a reasonable number that we spent in both years through store payroll.
Thomas McFall: Well, how many hours we spend will depend on what the sales volumes are. But I'm saying that there are tasks that we won't do in the second half of 2011 that we've done in the last two years and have hit our payroll line.
Gregory Henslee: Gary, my opinion is that it takes time and it happens incrementally. The commercial customers in every market or at least we've not found any that were really underserved, most commercial customers have a supplier that's doing a reasonably good job. Our effort once we convert is to go out and convince those customers that we can do a better job, and you don't get that opportunity, first try. And sometimes that opportunity happens incrementally and over time, and that's probably the case most of the time. And in this case, we're working varying stores to new systems, new product lines, new methods of inventory availability, the need to look up parts and paper catalogs for heavy-duty applications and a variety of things that have been the nature of the more traditional aftermarket for years. My comment would be that this is a multi-year process. But we immediately get pretty good results following the conversion once everyone gets used to the systems and so forth. It's just by virtue of the inventory availability. But for us to fully maximize this opportunity, it's a multi-year process.
Gregory Henslee: And then something else I want to add, Gary, is that once we start having success in the Commercial business, it gains momentum. A lot of these commercial customers watch their competitors, and they see who they're buying from, and they see good results so they talk to them. They have a little associations in towns where they talk some, and you'll probably, some of the -- well, the first stores that we converted, these Checker stores in the center part of the country, I can tell you that they have really established themselves now as solid commercial providers, and we're doing really well in the Commercial business. Seattle follows behind that, and I think that we're pleased with all of the conversions that we've done considering the time that's elapsed from the point of conversion. And I think they'll all kind of fall into similar patterns as these original conversions over some period of time.
Gregory Henslee: It's certainly not more expensive. I think that it's hard to know and it varies by market, and a lot of it depends on just the guys you have running the operation in a particular store and district and region, that I would say that it's met our expectations. I think that we would have expected that we would have had solid results as a result of the conversions, and we've had solid results. Would we like it to be just crazy better? Yes, we want to do as much business as we can. But I think that we're directly on path with what we would have expected as we converted these stores.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think the things that we're fundamentally doing are going to drive more hard part sales in the Western stores, in the core O'Reilly stores and our more established markets. We're trying to grow both our Retail and Wholesale business, both in hard parts and in display-area merchandise. In the Western stores, we feel like we have more upside and more opportunity to grow in the Hard Parts business simply because CSK really was not a very good hard parts provider. Of course, when the Auto Parts business, that they were not nearly the robust hard parts provider that we are. So we think that we'll continue or at least we hope, that we'll continue to perform well in these hard parts lines as we grow it both in retail and we grow in commercial, which the commercial comes at a little bit less gross margin than does the retail. But we're hopeful that we'll be successful in establishing ourselves as a destination for the retail customers for hard parts. As Ted mentioned, that's what our advertising efforts are doing. And to the extent we're successful doing that, we mitigate, to some degree, the effect that the roll-in of more Commercial business has on our gross margin rate.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I think that's correct. And our plan would be, like I said, that this wouldn't be a single-quarter issue, that this will be something that we could sustain long term as we establish ourselves as a good hard parts provider to retail customers.
Gregory Henslee: Matt, the operating margin for the second half of the year, obviously, is projected lower than the first half, and that's directly related to lower expected comps. So it's more a leverage issue, so we're pretty comfortable with our gross margin estimates for the second half of the year. And as you know, we are diligent in controlling expenses, and we'll, of course, focus on that to the extent that our comp store sales are above our guidance. We're going to see better operating margin results.
Gregory Henslee: I would say that we are -- have all of our buying synergies included. We'll continue to try to work on lowering our acquisition costs and becoming more efficient. That's just part of the business. On the second part of your question on distribution, I would say, we're at the most inefficient right now that we will be. Over the next year, we'll continue to get more efficient. We still have two DCs to convert, although, they're not additional incremental DCs. So really, over the next year as we train our team members, we're going to become more and more efficient.
Gregory Henslee: When we look at our advertising, we have some additional advertising that's being done out West to augment what the standard O'Reilly program is. We're in the process of converting over a customer on the West Coast that was used to seeing a lot of hot prices and circulars. And that's how CSK drove traffic to more of an everyday low price. We are priced right everyday, and we have the parts in stock system. So we don't anticipate seeing tremendously more advertising expense. There still exists a few contracts that CSK was big baseball sponsor, they did some races. And as those contracts come up, we look at rationalizing those with our other national media exposure.
Gregory Henslee: Well, Mike, the core O'Reilly stores, the stores that we had prior to the CSK acquisition, many of those stores are stores that were put in as part of our incremental growth from our very young small company, are put in rural areas at very low rent rates or occupancy expense, many of them we own. Many of those stores operate below our $1.5 million O'Reilly average. If you look at the stores that are in the metro areas, in Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth and some other big metro areas, our average is much higher than that. The way we view the CSK stores, which most of them are in more metro-type areas, is that those stores could eventually do the volume that we do in our metro stores, which is at minimum, $1.8 million. And really, that's what we're targeting with an average on these stores is about $1.8 million over time. So yes, we think that over some period of time, we can get them to $1.8 million. The business mix out West will be a little bit more slightly towards the DIY sites and some of the locations approximately, I'd say, 10%, 15% are in locations that are much more conducive to doing Retail business than they are doing a combination of business. Although we'll do some Commercial business out of pretty much all locations, there will be some that will be much more conducive to the Retail business. So I think the business mix will continue to be dominated out West by the Retail side. But we'll add -- most of the growth will come on the Wholesale side or the Commercial side.
Gregory Henslee: Well, like I said in my prepared remarks, it seems as though our industry is undergoing a pretty sustained period of solid demand for us, and I think this has been reflected in some of our competitors' comments. Around the 1st of February or middle of February, business picked up and based on our experience, it is sustained that better pace to this point. In our first quarter comments, we reflected on the potential for pent-up demand because of the softer fourth quarter and what generally happens in a period of recession with consumer spending around Christmas and trying to defer things that they can defer in order to have money to spend on the holidays. It appears as though we weathered that, and the trend that we're on is the result of some of the very clear dynamics that we can see in the vehicle population with regard to the vehicles getting older, the new vehicle sales continuing to be at levels less than they had been in prior years. And then, of course, gas prices seeming to stabilize and miles driven increasing, all those things add up to a pretty -- and based on our results, add up to solid demand for the aftermarket.
Gregory Henslee: I do, but we've been surprised before with comp stores sales changing abruptly. We've not experienced that this year, but that could happen. We have to remember that new unemployment is, I think, the last time I looked it was 9.6%. That's a high rate. And I just don't see anything on the horizon that's going to change that anytime soon. So there are a lot of people out there that are strapped for cash. And that being the condition, it's hard to project or be real aggressive on our projection of comp store sales. And then also, the effect that fuel prices could have. If fuel prices were to spike with maybe a hurricane or all the different things that could potentially happen that can drive fuel prices, a fuel-price spike, clearly affects consumer spending on other items and can affect miles driven.
Gregory Henslee: Jack, just to kind of add to Tom's comment, the most impacting factor probably is just measuring the sales results of individual performance. One of the things that I feel like we've always been good at and we've been successful with is creating a competitive environment in a store with regard to sales performance of individuals. CSK didn't do that, and that really ensures that each individual carries their weight so to speak from a store operating expense standpoint. And while we've not done everything we'd like  to do in that regard, we'll complete that over time. But we have seen good results with what we've done so far.
Gregory Henslee: So start having some benefit from this in the latter part of the first half and the second half of 2011.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Well, I would just, in closing comments, say, thanks for everyone's time. We look forward to reporting our continued progress with the integration of CSK in October along with our third quarter results, and thank you very much.
Ted Wise: Gary, this is Ted. You also remember that stores are really doing a nice retail volume to start with too. So it's going to be a growing process in that store to build the right team to go after the Wholesale business. And as Greg mentioned, they're being taken care of by someone now. And since it is a relationship basis, sometimes the best business takes a little longer to earn because you want to make sure you can keep it.
Ted Wise: Well, first of all, we're going through all the CSK leases and doing everything we can to A, renegotiate leases as we get close to the end of the term or look for relocation sites and move to better sites that had less rent, and that's working pretty good. I mean, it's the right timing I think. Even on the West Coast, the real estate is not quite as high. And then in our core market expansion, the new store we're putting in now, we're finding some pretty reasonable property acquisitions out there to buy and build as well as some fair-priced lease spaces. So I think those conditions are good for expansion right now.
Ted Wise: Well, let me answer the commercial sales force. We really haven't increased the sales force headcount that much out on the West Coast. I checked with the sales department the other day, and we're up probably about 10% on TSM, territory sales managers. Where we really put more investment in is the management of how they perform the job, and we basically doubled the number of regional sales managers to manage, I think it's right at 200 TSMs right now. And like they had four sales manager covering those 200, and we've gone to like eight to nine. And their goal was to more closely manage the productivity of the type of customers they call on and more accountable sales call schedule, plus our TSM commission schedule is quite a bit different than what CSK had, which really makes them much more focused on growing the business. So from the manpower out in the field, I don't think we've increased the dollars of salary out there. But we've definitely increased the productivity and accountability of the type of customer they call on and how they interact with the store based on building good service levels, and not necessarily going out there and selling price, but selling service and being competitive at the same time.
Ted Wise: And in regard to the radio and the print, I think Tom mentioned earlier, CSK was primarily print and newspaper, and a very expensive way to advertise. We've transitioned to print and fliers, which covers a lot more head of the households, and we moved a majority of what they were spending in print over to radio, which we think is very effective. CSK did a limited amount of radio, and we're doing quite a bit comparable to what we do in our core markets.
