Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to start today by thanking Team O'Reilly for a continued dedication to providing excellent customer service. Your hard work generated outstanding results in the first quarter and heads us off to a strong start for 2014. Now, we'll take a closer look at our results and provide updates to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the first quarter increased 6.3%, which exceeded our guidance of 4% to 6%, and was driven by our continued solid business trends and the harsh winter weather, as Greg discussed earlier. For the quarter, sales increased $143 million, comprised of a $99 million increase in comp store sales, a $46 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million decrease in non-comp, non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. This strong sales performance, combined with our relentless focus on expense control, resulted in 18% increase in diluted earnings per share to $1.61, which exceeded the top end of our first quarter guidance range by $0.04. I'd like to spend a little bit of time now providing some detail on the LIFO impact in the first quarter. As we discussed on our last 2 calls, our success at reducing our acquisition cost over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve, with the result that additional cost decreases create onetime, noncash headwinds to our gross margin as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cost. We experienced a headwind of $23 million related to this item in the first quarter, which is higher than our expectations from our fourth quarter call due to better than planned cost decreases. However, this higher than expected LIFO headwind was offset by a mix benefit, resulting in a gross margin of 50.8%, which was within our range of expectations. We do not expect meaningful LIFO headwinds for the remainder of 2014. However, unforeseen significant acquisition cost decreases could occur and may create additional gross margin headwinds during the year. Moving to the balance sheet, inventory per store at the end of the first quarter was $569,000 versus the prior year of $568,000, which was in line with our expectations for the first quarter. We continue to expect inventory per store to be flat for the full year as our teams diligently add the right inventory, leverage our existing investment and minimize nonproductive inventory. At the end of the first quarter, our AP to inventory shows 90%, representing a sequential improvement of 3% from the end of 2013. This improvement was a result of our better-than-expected first quarter sales and the resulting higher churn of inventory. Since we believe most of the first quarter improvement is related to this timing benefit, we're maintaining our AP to inventory target of approximately 90% for the end of 2014. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $83 million, and we still expect our full year CapEx to be within the range of $390 million to $420 million. This leads us to free cash flow for the quarter, which was $262 million. We're revising our full year guidance for free cash flow of $580 million to $620 million, reflecting an increase at the bottom end of our range from $570 million as a result of the strong operating income results in the first quarter. Moving on to debt, we finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.86x. We continue to believe our targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x reflects our optimal capital structure, and we'll move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We also continue to execute our share repurchase program. And year-to-date, we repurchased 0.4 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $145.94 per share, for a total investment of $56 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of the opportunities to invest in our business at a higher rate of return. And we'll prudently execute our buyback program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for our shareholders. For the second quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.79 to $1.83. Based on our above plan results in the first quarter and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year, we're raising our guidance from $6.74 to $6.84 per share to a range of $6.82 to $6.92 per share. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the second quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Finally, I'd once again like to thank the entire O'Reilly Team for their continued dedication to the company's success. Congratulations on a great start to 2014. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Christine, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. I think if you look at our guidance for the remainder of the year, you can calculate what we think the run rate is. The bigger piece was obviously, LIFO, but we did see a benefit from the winter mix of products that we sold.
Thomas G. McFall: I think if you push the math, you'll find that it's a bigger procurement, and mix is more an offset to the higher than expected LIFO number. But we're comfortable with our guidance for the remainder of the year, and gross margin is an item that is influenced by a lot of external factors. So we think that the -- given the current business situation, the margin range we've given is appropriate.
Thomas G. McFall: I definitely agree with that comment from a long-term perspective. On the short-term basis, we have a very short open window because of the year-end close time to adjust our grids. And I think that, that's also a factor in the amount of shares that we bought this quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: Our guidance is -- for the remainder of the year is based on continuing to see below historical average rates and inflation.
Thomas G. McFall: Two items I would add to that. When we look at the CSK transition, those stores were going from the 1 night a week delivery to 5. These stores are already on 5 night a week delivery, so we have a freight savings because of proximity. And the other item that I would add is, from a proportion basis, this is 3 into a bigger portion. So the impact will be less dilutive. So we are expecting a real meaningful impact on our gross margin.
Thomas G. McFall: Chris, this is Tom. What I would remind everyone is that when we talk about the strength of our business, we look at a dollar performance per week. And we look at those dollars and do the math to see what comp they generate. So we've given the 2% to 4% guidance because we have tough comparisons, and with that said, we're still performing, on a total dollar basis, strong as we have been. But that flushes out our comp range.
Thomas G. McFall: Mike, this is Tom. I think the one thing that has surprised us is since January of 2011, we went to an unsecured structure and could offer this vendor financing program, the rate at which we got to a number that we thought we could get to has been a little surprising. The total isn't surprising, we just thought it would take longer.
Thomas G. McFall: We're -- end CFK we're about 35% professional business. Total company is around 46%. As we talked about in the past, new stores bring on the DIY business faster than the do-it-for-me.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well it certainly doesn't indicate any directional change. As Tom said in his prepared comments, we're -- we first look for opportunities to invest in our business and then we're -- from a long-term perspective, going to continue to buy back shares as is appropriate, but nothing has changed. And, Tom, I don't know if you have any additional comments on that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think it's the combination of 2 things. I think it's procurement cost. I think it's the fact that as our company has grown and some of our larger competitors have grown, we've been able to take more advantage of some of the import products that we can bring across the sea in large containers and take advantage of supply-chain efficiencies, which help improve our gross margin. It's also just rational pricing in the marketplace. I think that most of the players in the industry realize that our business is a service business and that it's hard to win repeat customers, especially on the professional side of the business, with price that is a result of great service. So I think that as an industry, we've been very rationally priced. And I think that's been maybe a little bit more of a tailwind than we would've foreseen a few years ago.
Gregory L. Henslee: I would certainly not expect the kind of increases we've had over the past few years. We've got a great team of people here that work every day on making sure that we're priced competitive on the street, and making sure we do all we can to maximize our gross margin, maintain our customer service levels. But I think we've gotten to a point where there's just not much -- there's really no low-hanging fruit left, and we're working to maintain and incrementally grow our gross margin at a slow rate. But I certainly would not expect the kind of improvements that we've seen over the past few years.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think part of this depends on the condition of our customers economically. A lot of the things that are damaged in harsh weather like we had in the winter are failures that you have to fix immediately. If your battery is shot or you starter alternator doesn't work, if you want to drive your car, you've got to fix it right away. If your axle shaft CD joint starts making noise because it's been through some abuse, so maybe the boot got torn and it's leaked grease out of it, you can drive it making noise for quite some period of time. And so I would say that some people, if they're in good shape economically, will get their car fixed as soon as they start hearing the racket. Other customers will drive it through the summer, maybe even in the winter, before -- and then not fix it until it actually has to be fixed. So these harsh conditions are generally good for our industry, both short-term and longer-term. And when I say harsh conditions, I mean, weather extremes in the winter and weather extremes in the summer. What would be ideal for us is on the tail of this really harsh winter, is to have a blistering hot summer, driving cooling system and air conditioning and all the other type failures you can have, in addition to more battery business. And the battery business has been good, I think, for the whole industry, this winter. And your batteries get really damaged in the extreme heat. And many times, you see the failure in the winter. So a real hot summer this summer would be helpful for that also.
Gregory L. Henslee: It -- to some degree it is Gary. The categories like wiper blades and stuff like that in California have not been as strong as they have been, especially on the DIY side out there, our DIY business out there. Because a lot of the kind of things that you sell to the DIY customers are things like wiper blades and stuff like that, that are directly heat-related. I mean, it has been a little bit of a drag on our business in the West Coast.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's yet to be determined, but we could potentially have somewhere in the area of 300 stores in Florida. So far, our new store startups in Florida have done incredibly well. And we're very encouraged by our performance down there. And if you asked us 2 years ago, how we thought we would start in Florida, we would've undershot how we've actually performed. So I think we're a little -- we're more optimistic now than ever about our ability to be successful in Florida.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're down south of Tampa now. Our DC is in Lakeland. They're between Tampa and Orlando, and we're south of Tampa now.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, we're looking at properties now in the northern -- north side of Miami. We're not down in Miami, but we're looking at properties at the north side of Miami.
Gregory L. Henslee: There are some differences. When we opened the CSK DCs, we had a lot of underperforming stores that we immediately kind of rolled into those distribution centers. In this case, we have a -- we opened a DC that took stores from a distribution center that was way over its max to generate the best efficiency it can generate there in Atlanta. Our Chicago DC is kind of the same thing. We'll put several stores on it as quick as we can once it opens to relieve some of the stores that we have overcapacity state there in Indianapolis and in Minneapolis. And then in Devens, of course, it's to fund our expansion in the Northeast. And the 56 stores that we bought as part of VIP will immediately start being serviced by that DC due to closure of our Lewiston DC. So it's similar, but it's different some ways. Our distribution team does a fantastic job of ramping our -- the cost that we can control through payroll and productivity, up to match the number of stores that we service. So we would not expect a noticeable hit to our gross margin as a result of these openings. And Tom wants to add something to that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it depends on what you, of course, include and the things that would be affected. There are a lot of things affected by harsh weather, including electrical units, starters and alternators, batteries, driveline, ride controls, steering, suspension, all that. Those are the kind of the core part of our car parts business absent the things that would be in place to service drive ability issues like emission, ignition, fuel, things like that. So I really don't have a percentage. It would be -- it's -- at least, if you include brakes, it would be more than half of our hard parts categories for sure.
Gregory L. Henslee: The way we stack in our comparison from the quarter we're in to 2013 is that April would be a slightly stronger comparison than June. We kind of -- business last year in the second quarter kind of ramped down a little bit. Yes, brakes are doing good. This time of year, brakes generally do well from a comparison standpoint. We're happy with our brake performance as it exists today. How we do through the rest of the quarter is yet to be seen, but we would expect our brake business to be good through the second quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Like Tom said, we do kind of a -- we do a plan, a weekly plan for the whole year. And our weekly plan, based on the comparisons that we have for the second quarter, would yield what we think would be somewhere in the area of a 2% to 4% comp for the second quarter. Now what's unknown about this is the real affect that the harsh winter we had will have during the second quarter. It's hard to know. There are a lot of factors, it's the harshest winter we've had in a long time. Gas prices are up a little bit. Employment's -- unemployment's improving a little bit. So it's yet to be seen, but we feel good about the business yet. We felt it would be imprudent for us to make our 2-year stack acceleration greater than we did with the guidance we gave at 2% to 4%.
Gregory L. Henslee: Sure. Well, I mean I've read a lot of the information that many of the analysts have written about this, and we do a lot of analysis inside our industry also. Some of our suppliers and so forth do a lot of work on this. There's no question that the data is what it is relative to the 6- to 12-year-old vehicles, the total count of those vehicles decreasing in the coming years as a result of the lower car sales back in '10 and during the recession and so forth. The unknown factor and kind of the comments that I've made in the past have been that we feel like that the way cars have been built for many years now, even back into the '90s, but for sure, in the 2000, that they're just going to stay on the road longer. They've -- and they're more drivable at higher mileages. I had lunch with one of our good customers yesterday, and we were talking about this very subject. And he works on cars every day. And he knows nothing about vehicle population and the SAAR cliff and all those kind of stuff, he's just out there trying to make sure he keeps all of his techs busy and drives his business every day. And he made the comment, he said, it's amazing how many miles cars have on them today and people are still willing to invest big money in keeping them on the road because the engines and transmissions and interiors and the bodies and all those things still are in good condition. At 200,000-plus like -- it sounds crazy to say this, but there are cars being driven that look pretty darn good going down the road to have over 300,000 miles on. And the engine's transmissions are still functioning properly. So I think that those that feel that this SAAR cliff is going to hurt demand significantly are discounting the fact that these vehicles that are past 12 years old are still on the road and still being maintained. And unless we see a decrease in the vehicle population in general, which would not be expected, that this is going to have a minimal impact on our industry.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, Michael, there's always -- when a, let's say, a steering part, a tie rod end, or a control arm or anyhow you got centerlink or a suspension part like a control arm or a ball joint or something like that, that fails because of potholes and bad weather, it was going to fail at some point. It was a matter of time. Some of the things that happen relative to subzero temperatures that drives belt failure, stuff like that, that belt may last a long time being driven in a perfect temperature for its whole life, but extremes drive demand. But in some cases, it creates demand earlier than the car typically would've failed. Sometimes it's just demand that was going to happen at that point in time anyway. So it's really hard to speculate on that, Michael. We -- I feel like we, as an industry, we started talking about weather a lot the last couple of years when for most of my career, we just didn't talk about weather. I remember back when Dave was the CEO, we never talked about weather. And he kind of made it his policy that the weather's the weather and we really can't do much about it so we're going to just sell as many parts as we can. And really, that's kind of what we do today. Our operations guys, they don't look at weather forecast to staff stores unless it's a major storm that shuts everything down and stuff like that. So demand for auto parts is really driven by miles driven, specifically in cars that are out of warranty. And sure, you can pull demand a little bit forward in real harsh conditions but it eventually comes around.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. That factor is that we carry several lines of products that are products preferred by the professional customers. And that mix of business is not going to allow us to get to where some of our competitors are simply because these -- the vendors that carry these products are less likely to give us the terms that we would ideally want without offering them to everyone in the industry, more the traditional side of the aftermarket, to which they're -- to whom they're not offering these terms. And for that reason, we're going to be a little more limited than what some of our more retail-based competitors are.
Gregory L. Henslee: No, we fully expected what we got. And so we're happy with where we've gotten to, but, no, I -- and we're not -- I mean, we're not surprised, we worked hard to get it. We know exactly how it happened. And our factoring program, being what it is, has helped our vendors be in a position to where they couldn't give us the terms that they've given us. But we're getting to a point that it's going to be hard to grow it a lot past where we're at today.
Gregory L. Henslee: We talked about this last week and decided for sure what our guidance was going to be. So it wasn't something that was preplanned as part of our 2014 planning. Our -- if you take Easter out of the equation, because Easter leveled out with Easter being in the first quarter in 2013 and being in the second quarter of 2014, and you just look at the adjustment for Leap Day, which you have to make, our first quarter 2-year stack is 8.2% and the midpoint of our guidance for the second quarter, our 2-year stack is 9.5%. So we feel like that's reasonable guidance. What happens in the next 2 months as we work to the second quarter is yet to be seen. We have every reason to think that business will continue to be good, but we have tough compares. So we'll see. But yes, to answer your question specifically, this was not guidance that was planned early or before the end of last year, it's guidance that we talked about recently.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think there's always a lot of opportunity there. The DIY business is a -- they come in our store because we have professional parts people in our store, we have great inventory and we give great service. And some of the things that we do today that we didn't do 2 or 3 years ago or 4 years ago relative to helping customers with diagnostics when their check engine light's on, install wiper blades or battery or things like that, are things that they kind of ramp, word gets around. We're not big advertisers of those kinds of things just with respect to our professional customers. So these are things that build over time. Word-of-mouth helps drive DIY customers into our stores for those types of services. So we would expect to continue to see benefit from great customer service for a long time to come because we consider all these things just kind of rolled up into the level of service that we try to offer and make sure that the level of service we offer exceeds that of most of our competitors. So we would expect to continue to see benefit from the things that we do for some period of time. And every -- there's not a month that goes by that we don't consider things we can do to improve that through our point-of-sale system, our electronic catalog; things we're doing with our website, mobile e-commerce; things that we feel like will help tie our customers more directly to us, our rewards program, which now has 5.5 million customers enrolled, and just all those things.
Gregory L. Henslee: We can get it to above the -- about to the range the whole company is right now, I think, is about where you would get to with those CSK stores, the 42% commercial, somewhere in that area. And that's strictly an estimate based on our knowledge of the stores that we have that are in more retail areas that don't have a lot of professional business around them. I think because of that, we'll have a hard time getting to the position that the core O'Reillys or the historical O'Reilly stores are or were prior to buying CSK. But that changes over time as we -- leases come due and we make relocations and things like that. But based on the state of our locations today, I would say somewhere in that 40% or low 40% range would be our commercial penetration out there.
Gregory L. Henslee: It can. As acquisitions happen, that could certainly have some impact. Probably the bigger impact will be just the decisions we make as far as potential relocations of stores that might be in locations that are not conducive to the professional business as leases come due.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Christine. We would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking our -- the entire O'Reilly Team. And you've, once again, proven that hard work and excellent customer service are the keys to our long-term profitable growth. We're very proud of our excellent start to 2014, and we're very confident in our ability to build upon our first quarter accomplishments and continue to gain share across all our markets. I would like to thank, everyone, for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter 2014 results in July. Thank you.
