Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Paula. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, such as CSK, weather,terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, as you know, we're getting away from giving regional performance as it causes competitive issues for us, but we continue to make very good progress. We continue to be very comfortable we'll hit the $1.8 million number and then we'll set a new goal from there.
Thomas G. McFall: On the financing part, our goal is to make this a win-win situation and that was a big factor in us going out, becoming a publicly rated company from a debt perspective, to lowering the overall borrowing costs for our whole supply chain. So our ability to offer that lower cost and reduce the working capital requirements for our vendors is a savings for them and we have shared in that savings. So from our standpoint, we're looking for a win-win situation. When we look internally, we have also committed a significant amount of capital over the last 5 years in new store growth, distribution centers, acquisitions, and our vendors see our investment in the business as an opportunity for them to increase the breadth and penetration of their products across the U.S. So we're looking for win-win situations with our vendors. We can't be successful unless we have vendors that are also successful.
Thomas G. McFall: In the non weather-impacted market, the third quarter was a little slower than what it had been in the second quarter, so the trend was slightly down. As far as the -- the trend from the second quarter to the third quarter was pretty similar, a little bit more of a drag. When we look at the more temperate markets, they have been pretty consistent all year long.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, this is Tom. I'll answer the first part on inflation and let Greg talk to the more -- the broader sales environment. When we look at the third quarter specifically, we actually saw a little drag from pricing, and we'll see our LIFO reserve decrease. Then there was a slight positive to gross margin. When we look year-to-date, we're relatively flat, maybe a little bit of price pressure, which creates a little bit of headwind versus last year through this time of the year when we had seen a tailwind from inflation.
Thomas G. McFall: This is Tom. I'll address the Sundays. We have an extra Sunday during the year. So we have the same number of Sundays in the fourth quarter as last year except that we were closed one of those Sundays last year and not closed this year. So in essence, same number of Sundays but we pick up an extra Sunday business day.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at our cost structure, as Ted talked about during his prepared remarks, we've always been very stringent on making sure we get a good return on all of our expenditures. So we don't have a lot of programs that we could do without. If we did, we wouldn't have them to start with. So we're pretty tight on expenses. But as Ted talked about, we manage it over time. We don't want to knee-jerk customers in that service, but we want to make sure we're matching up to what the sales environment is. So given -- if we look at the fourth quarter, for example, and we say, sales are going to be -- we're pretty confident are going to be in the 2% to 4% range, we'd build our cost structure around that, but that starts in the beginning of the third quarter. So to the extent that we stay on a slower but stable environment, which we're optimistic it'll improve, we can get to a pretty even SG&A percentage at 2.5% to 3% based on 190 new stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: And Alan, just to add something to that for you, when we set that, part of the rationale was that many of the markets that we do business in today, big metro markets like Houston or Dallas/Fort Worth or just other large markets where we have a large population base, a lot of miles driven and a lot of vehicles, our stores today exceed that $1.8 million average in many markets, and it's not a stretch for us to expect that in these larger markets out west. It's just taking time, as we expected and as we talked about when we bought CSK, to ramp the stores up to that rate, but we fully expect that we'll get that and, in some markets, even past that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're work -- as I talked about it earlier, we're putting -- strategically placing more inventory out in the stores and kind of beefing up our hub network. We continue to educate our team members on the best ways to manage relationships, the best ways to use our professional customer promotions to maintain relationships with customers. And the main opportunity with any relationship with a professional customer is just the level of service that you provide. So we're making sure that our team members have the facilities and assets they need to give the best customer service in the industry. And we think we've been very successful in defending against more retail competitors as they come into that business. So we feel like we've done a good job defending our market share there.
Gregory L. Henslee: And then just something to add to that, Alan, is that part of the rationale with the square footage there is to take some pressure off our Atlanta and our Mobile DCs, which are servicing some of that area now, which is a little bit of a stretch for the ideal range for those distribution centers.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're doing a lot of work on the product offerings that we have in place to draw the DIY customer more to -- in many cases, expanding our private label products, making sure that we're price competitive on the entry-level products. From a store staffing perspective, we're working to make sure that our stores are staffed for nights and weekends, which is typically when the DIY business happens for the most part. From a system standpoint, I talked earlier about our electronic catalog. A big part or a big push with this electronic catalog is the content that exists to express to a customer that's maybe working on their own car, the things they might do to fix a car, help them diagnose the problem. Just give our parts specialist better information when discussing with a DIY customer the process that they might go through to repair a car. And all those things over time, we think culminate into a higher level of customer service to the DIY customer and we think it's working for us. As we've talked about in the past, our average DIY volume per store versus some of our competitors leaves us with an obvious opportunity to grow market share there, and we're working today to do that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the promotions that we all run are pretty similar. They're promotions on the DIY side that would be for commonly used items, maintenance items like oil changes and motor oil and filters and stuff like that. And we run them pretty similarly priced. I guess the variance between us would be the frequency at which we run them, the length we run them, the number of products we run at one time. So we've not seen any major change among any of our competitors with what they do there. What we have seen on the do-it-for-me side is just the work that a company coming into the do-it-for-me side will do to draw a customer to them. And since in many cases those companies don't have a service advantage or availability advantage or any advantage other than the fact that they might be able to offer a customer a lower price for a period of time to maybe change buying habits or something, my guess would be that when that was spoken of, it was more on the promotions on the do-it-for-me side.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's hard to draw a line and say here's the stores that were affected and here's the stores that weren't. But the way we would look at it is that our -- the Central Midwest, Upper Midwest, the Great Lakes regions, that those were the markets that were most affected and that's where we see the effect on our comp store sales the most. If we compare that area of the country with some of the regions that just were more temperate, that were not affected so much -- and let me back up. So we would consider those stores to represent about 25% of our store base, thereabouts. And again, it's hard to draw a specific line, but we would see as much as about a 700 basis point difference in their performance from a comp store sales perspective during the third quarter to the markets that are in a more temperate area.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, none of this is easy. You don't -- the vendors haven't been knocking our door down trying to make these deals but we have -- for a long time, we've had fantastic relationships with our suppliers. And our suppliers, part of their growth and success is contingent on partnering with companies like ours to grow their market share and the availability of their product offering to customers. So there's some end, certainly to what we can do from an AP to inventory standpoint. But to this point, we feel like our vendors have been very in favor of the things that we've done and that they've benefited from it. And Tom, you might have some comments on the financing part of it.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we have some continued opportunity. It's going to come from several different places: one, we have the opportunity to grow our DIY business, which is higher gross margin; we think we have continued opportunity on the acquisition costs side; we continue to look to countries that we currently don't buy products directly from. In some cases, there's opportunities for us to enhance private label products with some of those offerings. And just through managing our pricing better. I know you hear every retailer talk about price optimization and I don't think there is just one way of doing that. And on our professional side, that's more complicated and difficult than it is retail, but I think we have some opportunity there. Just to take a wag at what our opportunity is, I would say that we have an annual opportunity of like a 10 to 20 basis point improvement over the next few years.
Gregory L. Henslee: I do. I think that the fourth quarter, we kind of annualize a higher gross margin step-up that our company made and that we would see slower growth from that point forward.
Gregory L. Henslee: And then just, Greg, from a broader perspective, just the drivers of comps, the effect of weather and stuff like that, we feel like that the cold winter, as exemplified by our performance in these Northern markets and our competitors' performance in these Northern markets, that there's no question it had an effect. The extent to which it's a factor is a little bit hard to measure other than the way that we articulate the performance. We gave a little more information this time than we would normally give and, similar to our competitors, we're just trying to give everyone the ability to assess that situation as best as they can. We've been very encouraged by our performance so far this quarter. Our comp store sales started improving at the end of September, and that improvement has very consistently sustained to this point, 3.5 weeks through the fourth quarter. Let me talk about holiday season can be a little volatile because of holiday spending and things like that, but our expectation or estimate, just based on years in this business, would be that if we have a cold winter this winter, that very likely the aftermarket will have a good season.
Gregory L. Henslee: And then to answer your question as far the weather drag or the potential effect on the markets that were most affected by weather, yes, we've seen a nice improvement during this past 4, 5-week period in the markets that had been most affected by weather. Those markets, winter comes earlier and people start thinking about maintaining their car for winter earlier. Batteries that were fried, for lack of a better word, during the summer, fail as weather starts getting colder and the engines start getting harder to crank. We've seen good performance in that category as a result of weather. So yes, we've seen a sequential pickup in those markets that has been a little bit better than what we would have had in the markets that are in more moderate regions of the country.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, well, what I would say to that is just a couple of 3 years ago, you would hear us say that the sweet spot was maybe 6 to 10 years. And as people have hung onto their cars longer, and I feel like the quality of the engineering and the manufacture of new cars has been recognized by consumers as they've driven these car at higher mileages, I think that's moved forward a little bit or extended a little bit. It's maybe, more 6 to 12 or something like that. I guess -- I don't really have any scientific data to answer your question and so I don't really know when we would see a drop off relative to an age of a vehicle. What I would say is that if you're driving a car that's your daily driver and it's your commuting vehicle, which in many of our markets, in Dallas/Fort Worth or Houston, you might have a 50 or 80-mile daily commute back and forth, not one way but both ways, to get to work and back. You've got to have reliable transportation. So if the car is 12 years old or 13 years old or 14 years old, you still have to do the primary things to maintain that car to drive it every day. Now, that doesn't mean that you're going to be fixing a rough spot that comes up or fixing the seat that might have worn through or fixing a cracked dash or something like that, because there's going to be some things that caused the car to maybe not look as good as it did when it was new or 5 years old new 6 years old, but still the mechanical part of the car has to work well for it to be reliable transportation. And in many cases, these cars are not only the commuter cars, they're the cars that families use for vacations and weekend outings and things like that, so they have to be safe and well maintained. So I think the answer to your question is yet to be seen, but we view it as being unlikely and very difficult for a consumer to just say that, because the car is 13 or 14 years old, they're going to stop maintaining it. It just doesn't work.
Gregory L. Henslee: It still about that. It's not grown. We've not seen a significant growth past that. A big part of our private label, the amount of product we sell private label is the amount of product we offer. As we add to that offering, our percentage of sales increases. Because in many cases today, especially a DIY consumer, they're going to buy the lowest priced product you have in some cases. So as we expand our private label offering in various product lines, that grows. And we haven't made any material changes here in the last couple of months to our private label offering, although our plan is to continue to look for opportunities to establish private label brands that are recognized as high-quality, national brands offered exclusively by our company to expand our private label offering. And that allows us to be more competitive on the DIY side, competitive on the do-it-for-me side and, at the same time, expand our gross margin through better acquisition and just better gross margin on the product sale.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, there's no plan to get to a certain percentage. Really, it's not even quarter to quarter or year to year, it's by product line. We assess this by category, by product line and decide how our company can best go to market with that product. And if that means that we're best served to expand into a private label product or expand an existing brand private label offering, we do that. In many cases, some of the brands we offered are very much preferred. And some of the brands we offer aren't necessarily always available in a private label and, for that reason, we opt to carry a branded product because both DIY consumers and do-it-for-me consumers prefer the branded product because of the recognition of the high quality of that particular part.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's a minor lift. These, obviously, are not the fastest moving items that we deploy. The fastest moving items were already in the stores. These would be the -- kind of the next layer of movement, and they've not been there long enough to generate a material sales lift. And we don't have it quantified at this point, so we wouldn't be able to speak to anything but I can tell you that it's not -- it was not a material change.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well in our existing -- the core O'Reilly markets, we're pretty darn efficient and there's not much left there to gain. In some of the expansion markets, we do still have some efficiencies to gain. Some of those DCs run a little higher expense to sales ratio than what we would like. And as we continue to grow sales from those markets, we'll further lever those expenses. I don't have a number for you. I know that our overall distribution expenses, we're pretty pleased with that rate that we're currently at as a percent of our sales. Our Senior VP of Distribution, Greg Johnson, who is not here, he'll tell you that we still have opportunity to increase that or to improve, decrease the expense next year and, hopefully, the year following. So we're working to do that. And we do have some distribution centers that aren't operating as efficiently as we would like, and those DCs we see as opportunities.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Paula. Before we end the call today, I would just like to reiterate our belief in the solid long-term growth potential for our industry. Total annual miles driven in the United States remains nearly 3 trillion, the light vehicle population is growing and the overall age of the vehicle population continues to increase. All of which provide a solid foundation for future demand. We remain dedicated to our long-term strategy of having the friendliest and most knowledgeable parts professionals in all of our stores, supported by the most robust store level inventories and availability of hard-to-find parts. We are committed to providing top-notch customer service to all of our professional and DIY customers every day. I'd now just like to thank everyone for their time today. We look forward to reporting our fourth quarter results and our full-year results early in 2013. Thanks.
