Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Zenaira. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year of 2018. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimates, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to thank all of team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to the outstanding customer service, which drove our solid performance in the third quarter. Now, I will take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the last quarter of 2018. For the quarter, sales increased $143 million comprised of a $90 million increase in comp store sales, a $57 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million decrease in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2018, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. Our gross margin was up 42 basis points for the quarter as we continue to experience stable merchandise margins and benefited from the LIFO comparison to the prior year. We did not see a LIFO charge during the quarter versus a $3 million charge last year, and for the remainder of the year, we do not expect to have a LIFO charge as a result of our expectation of the impact of tariff-driven cost increases. Tariffs have had a minimal impact to our comps and gross margin thus far in 2018, but the list of parts subject to the 10% tariff is more extensive. However, we continue to expect to pass along cost increases from tariffs to our customers. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 had a dramatic impact on our third quarter earnings, and will continue to have a significant positive impact on our tax rate on a go-forward basis. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 19.6% of pre-tax income, including the benefit from tax deductions per share based composition which reduced our tax rate by 3%. Excluding the tax benefit from share-based compensation, our effective tax rate of 22.6% was better than our expectations as we continue to refine our estimates of the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on our ongoing tax rate. Also as a reminder, the third quarter rate is typically lower than the remainder of the year, due to the tolling of certain open tax periods. We now expect full-year tax rate to be 21% to 22% of pre-tax income. Please keep in mind, changes in the tax benefit from share-based compensation will create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as we've seen in the first three quarters of 2018. Now, we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our year-to-date results and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2018. Free cash flow through the first three quarters was $959 million, which was a $254 million increase over the prior year, driven by higher pre-tax income, lower cash taxes and a higher reduction in our net inventory investment. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $605,000, which was up 1% from the beginning of the year, and from this time last year. We continue to expect to grow per-store inventory in the range of 1% to 2% this year as our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the quarter was 108%. We expect our AP to inventory ratio to moderate slightly during the fourth quarter as a result of seasonality, but we expect to finish the year at approximately 107%. Finally capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2018 were $350 million, which is on par from the same period of 2017, and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $490 million and $520 million for the year. Moving on to debt; we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.15 times as compared to our ratio of 2.12 times at the end of 2017. The increase in our leverage reflects our May bond issuance and borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. We are below our stated leverage target of 2.5 times, and we'll approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and year-to-date we've repurchased 4.9 million shares at an average per share price of $269.52 for a total investment of $1.3 billion. We remain very confident that the average purchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means for returning available cash to our shareholders. Before I open up our call to answer your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask, Zenaira, the operator to turn the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, when we see inflationary prices, our industry has historically been able to pass those on. So we remain competitive on our pricing. What we would tell you is that the improvement year-over-year is primarily mix driven for the third quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, there's a lot of activity that's going to occur between now and the end of the year. And there's another round of tariffs that potentially could go into effect in January. So before giving guidance – we'll give our guidance on the fourth quarter call – there's some things that have to transpire for us to better be able to put numbers around that.
Thomas G. McFall: I think it will have an impact on what we see our average ticket doing, our comps doing and also our expenses.
Thomas G. McFall: Again, we'll give our 2019 outlook on our next call. As we talked about within this year, and in relation to SG&A, we saw a step function increase in our SG&A, as we proactively looked at primarily our IT spend and our store payroll and raised those without the expectation of significant inflation in our selling price. On a go-forward basis, we would expect SG&A pressure to be reflected also in the goods that we sell as is typical in retail.
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. Gas price is one of the factors that will impact their discretionary income and their ability to fund their life. And when those costs go up, gas prices and expected impact of tariffs in average pricing of auto parts, they have historically attempted to defer maintenance. And we would expect that there's a potential that they will take a look at those inflationary price increases and stretch out their intervals of repair or delay repairs as long as they can. So that's what we've seen in the past. We will see how they react to these inflationary pressures as – because it'll be also a computation of what happens to their wages.
Thomas G. McFall: Seth, we have had very good success as you pointed out passing along what we've seen thus far. And thus far this last round in September hit a lot more of our product categories than the first two rounds. The first two rounds were more or so related to components and the third round in September was more related to finished goods. What I would tell you is that, we pushed back on our suppliers both from a – the amount of tariff they're passing along to us and the timing of what they're passing through. And we didn't experience a full 10% and we don't expect to experience a full 25% should that go into effect after the first of the year. But our plan is to try to push all that through.
Thomas G. McFall: Yeah, the concept of us partnering with an e-commerce company or a larger retailer is not something that we've considered. The Advance-Walmart deal is still relatively new and frankly we probably know as much or less about that than you guys do. All we know is what we've read. But today we have really not even considered partnering with anyone outside of our own company and our own channels to sell auto parts. We are very focused on our omnichannel initiatives and e-commerce initiatives to make inventory more readily available to consumers over whichever channels that they decide to buy auto parts. But we've had no discussions about going outside of our company to sell parts on the Internet.
Thomas G. McFall: When you look at the base cost of the products we sell, no matter what outlet that are going through, those tariffs are going to hit those products the same amount. So, there's disparity between what you can buy a part online or you can buy a part in the store for. And there's also a tremendous amount of service that comes with the immediacy of need, our professional parts people, ability to test parts. Some parts will change out for you. Ability to return something that didn't work ability to pick up the same day something you didn't have. And there's a tremendous value in that. So the fact that tariffs raise the price of all the goods sold, to us we look at what's that price differentiation, and what's the value. But we also have to remember that, most of the pricing comparisons that we see out there are in branded parts which are really not the DIY parts. Those are primarily professional parts. And there is an entry-level private label product in virtually every category that's a much more economical fix, it meets all these specs but much more economical fix for our DIY customers.
Thomas G. McFall: I would tell you that you should look at the numbers from my script, and they'll be in the Q on what non-store, non-comp where that was the big driver, it had to do with just the timing of year end, and how we do our new sales return reserves. But we are pleased with our new store performance. They continue to achieve and surpass our expectations. So, we're going to continue to move forward as Jeff talked about, we're going to go to a range of 200 to 210 new stores next year, and again it's that accounting noise that's creating issues in your calculation.
Thomas G. McFall: Again, we have another round of tariffs that may or may not come into effect. We also – most of our suppliers have onshore inventory, so we haven't seen all the pricing effects of the tariffs that we're going to see. We're also actively working to mitigate those. So making comments on next year's inflationary pressures at this point would be premature. So, we will update everyone within our guidance which – detailed guidance – probably the most detailed guidance in the industry and give quarterly number. So, we will provide all of that information on our fourth quarter call.
Thomas G. McFall: I've touched on that in my prepared comments; the inflation this year has been around 1% pretty consistent per quarter. The tariff impact has been very minimal year-to-date, minimal in the third quarter. They've been primarily commodity-based, and we will see how it plays out in the fourth quarter, but expectation is that we will see more inflation.
Thomas G. McFall: Yeah. On the gross margin, we always plan for normal. So we would expect to have normal fourth quarter gross margins. On the price increases and capturing additional margin, it will depend on the cadence of prices that go out. What I would tell you is, because there's so many price increases, we are working very hard with our suppliers to try to defer these price increases. So we're actually paying them either through the inventory that we have or through the inventory that our suppliers have onshore. So I don't think there's a huge opportunity to raise prices in advance, and don't think that, that's our best approach.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at the straight math, our goal is always to maintain our gross margin percentage, because we also have expenses that have the same inflationary impact on them.
Thomas G. McFall: The players that are still out there that we would be interested in are good operations that have weathered a lot of storms and have good management teams and are well-capitalized. When we look at those opportunities, what we've seen over the last two or three years is, as everyone knows, an opportunistic acquirer and consolidator have had success in that realm. But we need a motivated seller. And these companies that are out there, we're still looking at are good companies. And it's more a timing thing for them than the economic environment.
Thomas G. McFall: As Jeff said in his prepared comment, we don't go into any underserved market. So every market is competitive. We continue to have a lot of confidence in our business model and how we execute and our ability to take share in any market we go into. But we would tell you that it's been pretty consistent for a number of years, the competitiveness of each market. The one thing I would tell you is that, when we look at the Northeast as we saw on the West Coast is that development time to get stores open take longer.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we talked about last year that the bubble was a pressure to us especially on the professional side of the business, because it was the weight of the tailwind of more vehicles was being offset in the professional side by that bubble. And that bubble worked through over time. But we felt like 2018 would – that headwind, we faced had abated. We would expect as those years to go through that we'll see some pressure, it will end up more in the DIY side. We see relief on the professional side this year. But we'd expect it on a go-forward basis to start to not have that headwind, have a little bit of a tailwind. As far as the years as you said there's many ways to look at it. We tend to look at 5 to 15-year-old cars and light trucks.
Gregory D. Johnson: Sure, Matt. I'd be happy to answer that. We really have the same concern going into the fourth quarter that we had going into the third quarter, and that is that – with fuel prices rising, the impact is most likely on the lower-income DIY customers. And this quarter and third quarter and even earlier in the year, the professional side of our business has outperformed the cash side of our business. And I don't know if there's any specific evidence in the third quarter to substantiate that, but it is an ongoing concern. As fuel prices continue to increase or stay at a high level for a longer period of time, there's a better chance that it will impact the spending habits of our cash-strapped DIY customers specifically within deferring regular maintenance, and maybe postponing repairs where they can.
Gregory D. Johnson: Sure. If you look back at 2017, as we've said, there were several things that impacted sales in 2017, one of which we felt was the impact of the SAAR bubble and the car park. We have seen evidence this year as we've reported that the professional side of our business is improving. And that's where we expected to see the first improvements was on that side of our business, as those cars that are coming out of the warranty cycle are more likely to go back to the shops to be repaired at that time. So the improvement in the professional side of our business is evidence that we are trending out of that bubble.
Gregory D. Johnson: And, Matt, to add to that, there were other components too that impacted our guide other than just the inflation component and gas prices. As we discussed, December is a volatile month from us, and it's really dependent a lot on weather patterns. And the past two Decembers have come with very cold weather, which has driven strong sales, and we're very hopeful for a cold wet winter, a cold wet December, early winter again this year. Also we talked about the impact of the holidays. We talked about New Year's Eve and Christmas Eve following on a Monday this year as opposed to a weekend last year, and that will result in some of our professional customers likely either being open shorter hours on a weekday, which are typically higher volume days or being closed altogether on those holidays. So there are several factors that impacted our fourth quarter guidance over and above just the rising fuel prices and inflation.
Gregory D. Johnson: Brian, yes. The short answer is, yes. We always want those numbers to be higher. We're never, never pleased with our sales and we also always want to deliver higher sales than what we did the previous quarter. It's what we strive to do every year. But this – we're tracking on plan this year. We're performing where we felt like we will perform throughout both the third quarter and the year-to-date, so we're relatively pleased.
Gregory D. Johnson: Yeah. Bret, I would add to that, every year we'll buy a few one-, two-store operations. And this year has really been – the cadence of this year's acquisition is really no different than we've seen the past few years. So I wouldn't attribute any change to tariffs or inflation.
Gregory D. Johnson: Yeah, you're going to – Kate, to add to that, what you're going to see as we move into an expansion market is the stores within a reasonable distance from the DCs will have same-day, multiple times a day access to that DC inventory. And to really add to what Jeff said from a hub store perspective, not much difference on the outside stores. They're receiving – that are outside that perimeter, they're receiving inventory from a different DC. That doesn't really impact them. The real benefit is to the stores that are within a city counter service area of the DC.
Gregory D. Johnson: As far as Florence, we had roughly 100 stores that were closed during the event mainly due to mandatory evacuations. So there's no doubt that it cost us some business. Our goal in any natural disaster is to get back in the store as quick as we possibly can, ensure our team member's safety and they get back in the stores. Even though, it might be a skeleton crew at least get the doors open to be there for our customers. So we try to open back in the markets as quick as anybody to provide the post-hurricane supplies that the customers desperately need. I mean, there's a tremendous amount of goodwill created when your doors are open and you've got a family that's without power – potentially without power for days or weeks, and we can supply a generator where they can keep their food from spoiling or have some lights on. So anything that we would lose in the pre-hurricane, there's always some tailwind after the event, but it normally – as we've seen in the ones last year was somewhat of a push.
Gregory D. Johnson: That would be a fair estimate. And the components will be the same. We have some additional pressure on some other lines that put us above 3.5% in the third quarter.
Gregory D. Johnson: Thank you, Zenaira. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for continued hard work and delivering another solid quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2018 full year results in February. Thank you.
Jeff M. Shaw: Yeah. Well, I mean we're pretty pleased with our quarter. I mean, we guided 2% to 4%, and we came in at a 3.9%. So as Greg said earlier, we can always do better and we're always focused on doing better, but we're pretty happy with the results of the quarter. As far as what's going on in the field, I mean, we don't really see or hear anything on the Street that would indicate that we're losing any share. The business is – as we spoke to in the past is a highly-fragmented business, especially on the DIFM side with 37,000 part stores out there, and there's really no underserved market. We have a tremendous amount of respect for all our competitors. And really we focus on our business model and that's really doing the best we can on the retail and the professional side of our business in each one of our stores all across the country every day.
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, I mean, really it was about what you'd expect coming off a more normalized winter and a better summer across most markets. It was fairly consistent across the country. A couple of markets I would call out is the North and the Northeast had a very solid quarter. And the only other comment I would make would be that our Western markets maybe weren't quite as strong as the rest of the company. But that really is due to tougher compares from last year, and they really had a milder summer than normal out West. That didn't help either.
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, historically, I mean the stores that are serviced out of a hub store that do have a new DC open in their market, they've got a much greater SKU offering. They move from somewhere in the neighborhood of 60,000 to 70,000 SKUs up to 150,000, 160,000 SKUs. So they just have much more availability readily in the market. And historically, we have seen a little bit of a comp lift in those markets.
