Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today’s conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2022 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, I can maybe answer that first, Michael. I think when we think about the same-SKU dynamics as we move into the back half of the year; we’re not going to necessarily see a reversal of some of that inflation. I think the year-over-year benefit as we see that in the balance of the year, will moderate, as you’ve mentioned, and we’ve built that into our plan expectations. I think from a traffic perspective, since we won’t see the actual rate of pricing reverse necessarily and certainly, we wouldn’t want to give back anything on pricing, I don’t know that that’s going to be a dynamic that changes the ticket dynamics within our industry. I think for us, specifically, as we’ve thought about how the back half of the year lays out, we understand on a one year basis that, that we’ll see some pressure as average ticket moderates, but still continue to be very optimistic about continuing traction we’ll see on our professional pricing initiative. And then also, just more broadly, I feel like our industry performs very well in environments where consumers are pressured and that we’ll see support to overall demand, but not necessarily an offsetting pickup to the point that you mentioned. I think on top of that, we’re cautious as to how the rest of the year will play out from a macroeconomic perspective. And I think that comes into play here as well.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I guess maybe I just want to clarify, I think our improvement really reflects how we were trending as we finished the second quarter, and we do think we’ve seen business pick up a little bit there. It’s a short period of time. And we tend not to be overinfluenced by what we see, particularly as we’ve seen a lot of hot weather, and we think that, that’s a positive benefit to us. Beyond that, we feel good about the overall level of what our business is seeing, and we really saw that stabilize as we move through the second quarter and got past some of the stimulus challenges early in the quarter that we saw. What we’ve seen is it said a little bit lower than we had expected, but that has kind of continued. We think that’s an appropriate way of thinking about as we move into the back half of the year. Encouraged by July, certainly, but also cognizant that as we move through the rest of the year, weather can normalize a little bit, and we’re not going to overreact a few weeks.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Certainly, within our industry, we – and within our history, we want to hang on to price increases that we’ve passed through. We think that to the extent that we see moderation in price levels or we start to see some reversals and the question around tariffs has come up. We would expect to maintain pricing at our current levels and would hope to benefit from the reduction in acquisition costs. That – I think that’s largely in line with how our business operates with price being a secondary or third factor for the value that we provide to our customers and being able to drive continued strong performance off of excellent customer service and making sure that we’ve got the part that our customers need when they need it. I think that allows us to put it in a position where we wouldn’t have to see a reduction. Ultimately, we’ll see how that plays out within the industry as we move through the balance of the year. But it would certainly be our intent to maintain pricing levels and see a benefit from that.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. We haven’t forecasted a deflation in pricing in how we’ve thought about where we’ll go for the rest of the year.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Simeon, I think you you’re right in saying that there are a lot of moving pieces, and it can be a little bit challenging to get a read through, particularly as we’ve seen stimulus in some of the comparative periods that have kind of pushed demand around it. And we know as we entered this year, we faced some volatility just as weather and timing has impacted us. I think where we sit today; we probably characterize this as a more normalized broader period around what we would expect for current economic conditions. I don’t know what time will tell moving forward, but as we think about just the overall makeup of our business, we certainly don’t view it as having still significant drivers that are things that are out of what we would have expected as we move through the pandemic and we sit where we are today.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. We saw pressure to units, primarily on the DIY side of our business. There are mix dynamics that play into what we’ve seen. And when we think about our professional business, specifically, continue to be encouraged by the progress we’ve made there, where our comp was driven by both average ticket growth, but also growth in tickets. And really, I think on that side of the business, the split between that average ticket count can depend on being able to add more things to the shop order, when you send it out the door. So we feel a positive there. We think that we’ve had the ability to continue to drive incremental business and incremental share relative to where the market is at. But we are pressured on the DIY side business. I expected that we would be as we came into the quarter with some of the stimulus compares ended up a little bit softer there than we anticipate because of the – some of the macroeconomic pressures we have spoken to.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I can take that one, Zack. The sequential first half to back half can be a little bit challenging because we do have different seasonality dynamics that come into play. So maybe to directly answer a few points to the question, we’re not anticipating incremental price investments on the professional side of our business. We expect that what we’ve done there is the full amount of what our plan was and that we would continue to maintain those levels. And that in and of its up doesn’t create incremental pressure other than you’ll have two full quarters of the impact versus first quarter being like. Beyond that, when we think about the back half of the year, we do have different mix dynamics from a seasonality perspective that we think will impact the gross margin rate some. But as we think about it on a more normalized basis, year-over-year, the pressures that we’ll see are because of some of the LIFO comparison because of some of mix. But the rest of what we would anticipate is – would have been incorporated in how we thought about or planned for the year just given those mix differences. The prior year comparable is going to be a little bit tough because we have had some LIFO impacts that have caused some of that normal cadence of the year to change for us. But really, that’s in line with what we would have thought when we came into the year.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Chris, I would tell you, as we thought about how our expectations would have changed in the back half, it was really geared around what we said in the script and in the press release around the pressures we’re seeing on the DIY side of our business from a ticket perspective. And even as we’ve – we’ve talked about our full year expectations this year. We’ve been cognizant of continued pressure that we could see there, and that’s really the change that we see. As Brad mentioned in his prepared comments, we’re still early stages on our professional pricing initiative. We still have gains that we think that we can make there, and we have built in incremental improvements as we move through the year. But there’s nothing in our initial indications that have changed our outlook and perspective on that for the balance of the year. And there’s a lot of excitement, I think, on not just how professional play out for the balance of the year, but as we move past this year, what that will look like.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, absolutely. I can take those, Chris. From a LIFO perspective, our LIFO was neutral in the second quarter, and that’s where we expect will be for the full year. So really, our headwind is what we would have talked about as a positive last year as we move through the year. From a repurchase perspective, we continue to feel like we utilize our repurchase program as an effective means of returning capital to our shareholders. And I think for us, over the course of time, it has been successful really because it’s been driven by our ability to be both consistent and drive repurchases really month in, month out because of the consistent nature of our cash flows. But then also when we have opportunities to be opportunistic at times. And I think you probably saw some of that in the first half of the year. That philosophy hasn’t changed. We’ll prioritize our capital for reinvestment in our business because we like those returns to the best. But when we have an opportunity, we’ll execute our buyback program with that same philosophy.
Jeremy Fletcher: And maybe the only thing I would add to that, Brian, is as we think about how we’ll be impacted by or are being impacted by what consumers are seeing, even though we think we’re seeing some pressure, it’s not as significant as where other areas have retailed we’ll see it. And I think our customer responds differently to it over the course of time. We view a lot of these the shocks [ph] as transitory because ultimately, consumers don’t need their vehicles, they need to stay on the road, but there is a real value proposition in being able to maintain an older vehicle and invest in it. So I think some of what we see on our business is it’s less impacted and it’s probably shorter term in nature. And as a result of that, there’s that nature of the demand doesn’t really make it something that we can move around by moving prices, and that’s why our industry has been as rational as we’ve seen it.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I think for us, the way we think about that question is from an overall price level perspective, we would expect the balance of the year to be relatively in line with where we are today. I think when we’ve talked about that, from a year-over-year perspective, we are up against bigger comparison. So where we would have seen a same-SKU number in second quarter at price levels that are consistent with where we sit today, there was a bigger year-over-year change because some of that increase happened in the third and fourth quarter of last year, beginning part of this year. So that’s really how we think about the impact of that as we move through the rest of the year.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael. I mean our assumption all along has been that our DIFM business would perform stronger than our DIY business. And we don’t see that changing. In the back half of the year, our expectations remain that DIFM will outperform DIY. Will DIY improve in the back half of the year? It’s really yet to be seen. It really depends on what happens in the macro, how quickly that turns around. Fuel price is a contributor, but it’s one of many contributors. We’ve historically talked a lot about fuel prices and the impact. This year, we’ve got a more significant inflationary impact across all of retail on top of fuel prices. So again, as Jeremy said, we remain pretty cautious on our outlook but remain very optimistic on the industry as a whole.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Simeon, good question. It’s really hard to break that out. That almost becomes an opinion. What I would tell you is, I think it’s more an impact of the inflationary environment. The negative ticket count was on the DIY side of our business. And as we’ve said, that consumer is a little more pressured right now with higher fuel prices and the overall inflationary environment. And we think it’s more of just a cash flow issue for that lower income consumer than maybe margins or any of that.
Greg Johnson: Scot, we’ve seen – over the past several years, we’ve seen more and more volume shift to private label. I think there’s a little less brand loyalty than there once was. And throughout the pandemic and supply chain issues, frankly, there’s definitely not as much brand loyalty. I think consumers are buying products you have not necessarily getting the products they want every time. But our private label program is about 50% of our volume today overall. And in the hard parts category, it’s between 60% and 65%. So it continues to grow as a percentage of our overall sales.
Greg Johnson: No. No, Brian. We haven’t considered that. Obviously, that would just create a race to the bottom in retail, which is not something we want. We feel like we’re competitively priced for our DIY and our DIFM customers. We commented on the DIFM price adjustments. And while we’re constantly monitoring and adjusting prices on both sides of our business, that one really philosophy change that we made earlier in the year was a onetime event on the DIFM side, and we have not had any consideration of making any type of mass change to the DIY side or retail side of our pricing.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Brian, keep in mind that we operate in an industry that’s mostly nondiscretionary. And it’s not a situation where if you lower the price on the category, the consumer is going to buy more of it. That’s typically not the way it works. It’s – the customer buys products from us because they have a problem and that purchase solves the problem in most cases in our environment.
Greg Johnson: No. DIFM is not immune to – to impacts in the economy like the fuel prices. To your point, you’re spot on. It typically hits our more cash-constrained DIY customer before it would impact the typical DIFM customer, who typically has – is in a better cash flow position. But they’re definitely not immune to it. We haven’t seen significant evidence of that thus far.
Greg Johnson: Liz, we – like I’ve said before, we are always looking for potential acquisition targets, both inside and outside of the U.S. And really, nothing’s changed. Over the years, the players that are out there that remain, especially the smaller chains, they’re just solid performers. A lot of these regional players, that have survived what’s happened in the past several years or solid performers. We’re constantly looking at smaller one, two store chains and we buy some of those throughout the year, year-over-year, and we’ll continue to do that. Those are the things that don’t make the headlines we don’t talk a lot about. But we’ve not seen any real uptick in opportunities from an M&A standpoint as far as seeing companies that are reaching out, looking for an exit strategy.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Cheryl. We’d like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O’Reilly team for your continued hard work in the second quarter. I’d like to also remind everyone that we will be webcasting our Analyst Day on Tuesday, August 23, beginning at 8:30 Central time. Details are available on our website, and we hope you’ll be able to join us. I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Yes, sure. Hi, good morning Scott. Yes, really similar to last quarter, we were very pleased – the consistency of our business on both sides of the business, we looked across our regions and divisions. Lot of consistency, not a lot of differences from a geography standpoint. The one that we would call out, Scot, that is a little bit of a tough line to draw, but we did see a little bit of softness on the West Coast, specifically Northern California, even Pacific Northwest, Washington State that we would probably draw a line to some of the fuel prices out there, but that was a very minor difference in the way the rest of the company performed. So a little bit there, but other than that, very consistent.
Brad Beckham: Scot, this is Brad. I would just add on that, Scot, that when you think about private label, we don’t necessarily think of that as being a trade down. We want you to keep in mind that our exclusive national brands, while we have entry points, we have an equal amount of better and best when it comes to our private label. Good examples would be our import direct program, precision chassis, things like that. So I just want you to keep in mind that when we talk about private label, we’re also talking about exclusive national brands is a premium product.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Bret, just to maybe keep in mind that you know where the majority of the share on the DIFM side lays in the in the U.S. with the amount of incredible independents out there, solid competition and with two-step models that our goal, like wasn’t be as cheaper as, cheaper than those. But that’s where the majority of the opportunity for share gains was for our professional pricing initiative. And so in turn, it was in those key categories where we felt like we may have been too far out of line with those traditional players that had a lot of volume, and we’re gaining some either half a basket or half of delivery that we wanted to turn into an entire delivery and jobs and change those buying habits over time. And so we’re really pleased with where we’re at with it. The team is excited. But like we mentioned earlier, it’s just going to continue to take time the point that we lower price, it could take six, seven, eight sales calls on an individual garage if they were previously buying from a local independent that they trusted for decades or more. Just because we’re that much more competitive, the first time we call on them doesn’t mean they’re going to call the next day. It can take months to really get that opportunity, and it may just be for a second or third call. But we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing on that front.
