Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call we will discuss our second quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2017. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I did like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. When we look at our buyback program, we have a certain period of time that we have an open window. As we enter the last three to four weeks of the quarter, we close trading but we file a 10b5-1 and we buy off a predetermined grid. So, if we look at this last quarter, when we filed our grid we had a certain amount of dollars of shares we were going to buy and we bought those dollars of shares prior to the reduction of the stock price. So in that closed period we can't adjust our purchases.
Thomas G. McFall: So our open to buy period opens two days after our conference call and will close again about three weeks before the end of the third quarter and we will make daily market decisions on buying shares back during that period.
Thomas G. McFall: Yeah. Seth, I'm sure we're not saying that our long-term growth rate is 1% to 3%. We're not going to set guidance beyond the end of the year. What I would tell you is that we are a company that opens a lot of stores and have a lot of immature stores and have a lot of growth potential in markets that we're not in. We're going to need to be in the 2% to 2.5% comps to leverage our SG&A. So our expectation on the medium to long-term is that we're going to be above that percentage.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, to start, Matt, I don't have a measure of the magnitude but what I can tell you is that in our market areas that we know to be heavier Hispanic areas, South Texas, Arizona, Southern California, just those areas, not that there aren't significant Hispanic populations in other parts of the country but those are the most prominent. We've seen some unexplainable softness. And also the words we hear from the Street are that some of the Hispanic shops are not open. They've closed. There's just not as much traffic in those Hispanic areas as what there has been. And so we ask ourselves these questions internally and there's an organization called NPD that gathers data for all retailers and this observation applies not just to the automotive aftermarket but to other industries as proven by the data that NPD has gathered from a multitude of retailers which shows that these areas that are heavy Hispanic that there's been a decline in retail transactions not just in the Hispanic demographic but in general. But it's attributed to those being heavy Hispanic areas that is being attributed to this kind of decline in spending among the Hispanic population.
Gregory L. Henslee: It was talked about early in the year as a foreseen problem and as something that many observed. And then, I'd say, late in the first quarter NPD started talking about it and I think that now it's a pretty well-known observation among most retailers that it's a bit of an issue in these heavy Hispanic areas.
Gregory L. Henslee: The trend is alive (36:46). What we say is business has been solid. Yeah, we've had a slight improvement over the second quarter. We have confidence in our 1% to 3% guidance. We have tough compares on a three-year stack basis. That's why we feel confident that we will be on our guidance. As far as the drivers of the softness in our business, multiple factors, the weather theme cures, the vehicle population, the bubble I talked about in vehicles that were sold in 2008 to 2011, that cures over time. When there's economic uncertainty and consumers defer repairs, that cures. We felt we've benefited the last two or three years from some decrease in the amount of unperformed maintenance and we may be building more unperformed maintenance right now as a result of those deferrals. But we feel like that cures over time. The primary thing that we're doing right now that I think positions us better long-term is we're aggressively pursuing a more robust omni channel strategy. We want customers – as any retailer would, we want customers to see O'Reilly Auto Parts for what we are the same as if they walk in a store if they're on their phone or their computer at home or on their iPad or whatever it is. And I think the launch of our new website puts us in a much better position to show customers the quality of the company that we are and the levels of the service that we provide. But then secondly, as we position ourselves to execute our strategy from an online promotions and things like that and that's what we're in the process of doing. I don't want to go into a lot of detail about exactly what our strategy is because I don't want to tell our competitors what we're doing ahead of us doing it. But I will tell you that it's a primary focus of our company and I think it's one of the things that will help us drive improved comparable store sales in the future.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, here's what I would tell you. I think if a customer decides to buy an auto part online, which is not a new phenomenon. This has been going on for some time. I think that we're going to take the position that we need to have promotions and other venues on which a customer can buy a product online at a discount compared to what they would buy it for in one of our stores. I can tell you this. If a customer walks into our store and they are buying a product and they bring to our attention that Amazon or RockAuto or whoever it may be has it priced for less, obviously, they need the part that day and they want to buy it that day, or they wouldn't be in our store. We work with them to come up with a price that makes sense for them to walk out of the store with the part. We don't walk customers over pricing relative to Amazon and online pricing pressure.
Gregory L. Henslee: Every single price override we do is heavily monitored. I get reporting on it. Jeff gets reporting on it. All of our SVPs, EVPs, we get detailed reporting and no it hasn't increased in the last six months over what it was in the six months prior. It's something that's been going on for some time, but it has not changed markedly in the last six months.
Gregory L. Henslee: No, we don't think that. Here's what I would tell you is that we – in every store, we know the shops around it very well. And what I can tell you is the shops aren't busy as they were at this time last year. There's just absolutely no question about it. I think that we've been able to defend and grow the wholesale business that we have, or the professional business that we have, and that that business has been a little slower this year than what it was last year. And I think the fact that our retail business grew slightly better from a comp store sales perspective than our professional business did just kind of lends to the fact that I don't think this decrease in comp store sales that we've seen this year is appropriately attributed to online for retail as the primary driver of the softness. And I think that the softness runs across both DIY and do-it-for-me.
Gregory L. Henslee: I would say somewhere in the -- I think the industry's put out some reporting here recently that they said somewhere in the 1% to 2% range, something like that. I think the DIY would probably be the low end of that, do-it-for-me would be the high end of that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think there are always things that you can do to drive incremental market share. You can give up margin with national accounts. You can put more inventory in the stores. There's a point of diminishing return on inventory deployment, but the more inventory you have in an auto parts store, the more you'll sell. It's just a proven fact and we've always known this. But we feel like we're well positioned from a supply chain standpoint and that those kinds of investments in an aggressive sense just don't make sense considering the level of availability that we have today. I think what we're doing omni channel is a great investment and will be good for us. I think some of the things that we can do from a service level standpoint on the do-it-for-me side of the business relative to having better control and tracking of where our vehicles are. I think that's a positive thing. There are several things, minor things, that we are investing in that will drive better customer service levels, and that's ultimately the driver of sales growth in our business. And several things we'd work on. We don't just put them out publicly because we don't want to tell our competitors ahead of time what we're doing. But there are several things we're working on now that we feel like will drive incremental sales growth. As far as competitors pulling back on things, yeah, I think there's – I wouldn't call them investments, I would call them spend savings. But yeah, we have a major competitor who's cut their operating expense through field management in a pretty major way. And I would see that as having some impact on their ability to grow sales and provide the levels of service that maybe they provided before as they have taken advantage of the opportunity to control expenses a little better.
Gregory L. Henslee: Really nothing unusual. There's always promotions that go on. Especially when sales are soft, you'll see competitors that go out with -- for instance, R-134a, the refrigerant that runs the air conditioners in vehicles, it's typically sold in 30-pound cylinders. We've seen it being sold below cost on promotions here in the last month or so by some of our competitors. So, you see those kinds of things. And then also kind of a phenomenon that's happening in our business is we've – most of this has started hitting certain repair jobs like brakes, for instance. We now, and most of our competitors also, sell two rotors and a set of brake pads at (49:28) different levels of pricing that are discounted over what they would be if you bought just the components. And same thing for an air conditioning compressor job. We would include an accumulator and an orifice tube and a compressor and some flush in a kit and sell that at a price that would be discounted if you just bought the components by themselves. And our competitors do this also. So that kind of promotional activity has lowered prices a little bit, but that's not unusual. These kinds of things have gone on forever. Relative to Walmart and online, I would say nothing's really changed. Most of the online players. I mean, the only reason anyone buys something online, for the most part, is when it comes to auto parts, because in other sectors I think it's a matter of convenience because you don't need it right now and it's easy to order from Amazon or whoever and get it delivered to your house. In auto parts, a lot times – most times – it's needed right away. So the only reason you would consider online is price, and they've always been cheaper than the brick-and-mortar stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: We do. I mean, there's a lot of costs that are variable in our company that we could cut if we felt like that long-term we needed to do something to drive our profitability. Most of the things we do, because I feel like that we've managed the company pretty tight for a long, long time. Most of the things that we would cut would be payroll oriented and the biggest part of our payroll, of course, is in our stores providing customer service. And so, any of those cuts come at a cost relative to the level of service we're able to provide our customers and we would think long and hard before we would decide to make a material change there that would result in us not being able to be dominant from a service standpoint as we feel like we are today.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, on the M&A environment, there's always companies that we're interested in and areas in which we don't do business. And I can tell you we're working on some things right now that we have not yet disclosed, but when we have certainty we will disclose those at the appropriate time. But, yeah, there's opportunities there that we work on ongoing. And, on Bond, we are now well through the inventory conversions. We still have some to do. We're not completely done, but we have reset all the stores to look more like an O'Reilly store and a lot of the merchandise changes that needed to be made to fit our model and our distribution and supply chain have been made. But there's still some ongoing. So, we're in a position now to start growing the business from where we're at. So, I would say the heavy lifting is, most of it is behind us, although we still have a little bit in front of us, but we're in a good position there to start executing our business model and start growing the business. And what I would tell you is that Bond performed very well on the do-it-for-me side of the business and they underperformed on the DIY side of the business. So, we're going to maintain and grow the business on the do-it-for-me side using all the tools that we provide, but on the DIY side we'll put those stores in a position to grow DIY business. And we expect good results from them in the next year or two now that we have them in a position to execute our business model.
Gregory L. Henslee: Sure. Well, our new website launched earlier this month. It's just a lot cleaner website. It has what's called a responsive design so that if you – no matter what device you go to the website on, our servers detect the type of device and the size of the screen and the fit and the functionality to fit the device you're on, which is a big deal. So, those are just kind of primary platform type of things. The bigger changes are in the shopping cart and the ability for us to do some things that we couldn't do in our previous shopping cart. And we feel like that moving forward that allowing promotions that allow us to be more price competitive online will be important in light of the fact that there appears to be so much concern over the online players, the way they price products, and we see that, we hear it in our stores. We hear it from others and we want to make sure that we're in a position to serve customers regardless of how they want to buy a part, whether it's online or from us. One of the biggest factors when it comes to omni channel for us is the ability for a customer using a mobile device, for instance, to gather information, look up parts, and if they want to order the part and pick it up in the store they can do so. And a lot of the business that we do online with DIY customers is actually buy online, pickup in store. So, they can go online, buy it, print a ticket at the store. We have the part sitting there waiting with a receipt when they come into the store to get it and it just makes it a real easy transaction. So, those kinds of things are important to us and I feel like they're sticky when it comes to customers using us as a service for parts. And then also just having access to repair information and the things that they need to work on cars, including specifications, torque, the tools they need, stuff like that. So, we're just going to become much more engaged in using these devices to help customers do the things that they're doing when they buy products from us, and we're in the process now of executing a strategy that we have worked on for some time now. And the first step in the execution of that strategy was the deployment of the new website, which, again, has been active now for a couple weeks.
Gregory L. Henslee: 75% of it is picked up in store, the remainder is bought online. So, I think we have a pretty seamless process now. When a customer orders a part, buy online, pick up in store, it works pretty slick. There's not a lot we could do to make it work better unless we knew their license plate number and ran out and gave it to them when the pulled up or something, and we may do that someday. But right now, we're not doing that. They come into the store. I might mention, the majority of our online business is actually B2B. We have a huge business in B2B where we're integrated into the shop management systems. We have a great browser product that allows shops to order parts using a browser that we've deployed that allows them to see pricing and availability and get information that they might need to work on cars, and so forth. So, omni channel, both on the do-it-for-me side and DIY side, is a significant focus for us right now.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think that over the last couple of years we probably – here's what I would say. Going back to when the Affordable Care Act was originally implemented, we had way less part-timers than what our competitors had and we decided maybe it would be – we should test having more part-timers and kind of pursue that strategy. We did that for some period of time and realized that while there's certainly a place for part-timers in our stores when it comes to drivers and merchandisers and just a variety of jobs that have to take place, for professional parts people, to become – or for someone to come to work for us and become a professional parts person, they really need to be full-time. So, I would say right now we're kind of headed back to a little more full-time than we were just a couple years ago. And is that maybe what you are seeing to some degree when it comes to the raw head count with the decrease you're referring to because we are simply working individuals more hours than what they previously worked.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Victoria, and we'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their diligent work in providing the customer service levels that drive our business. We remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share in the remainder of 2017. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2017 third quarter results in October. Thanks.
