Thomas McFall: Thank you, Lushae. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement.  The company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words.  In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, CSK DOJ investigation resolution, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results.  Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses such as the integration of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war.  Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors sections of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, for more details.   At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas McFall: And part of that has to do, Tony, as you well know from your involvement in our industry, with the quality of the private label products. There's been a lot of change with some of the private label suppliers over the past several years to a higher quality product. And the difference between private label and branded from just a product quality, fit, form and function standpoint, is not nearly as prevalent today as it was a few years back.
Thomas McFall: And in the mature markets, we would expect that to be what Greg said. In the CSK markets, because we still have such a -- not nearly the penetration we think we can get in those markets. We would expect ticket count to drive us in those markets.
Thomas McFall: Well, our DC costs hit our gross margin line and the answer to that is yes. Opening DCs, we start with a staff that's not nearly as efficient as they will be when they're fully trained. In the case of the move from Dixon to Stockton, we saw duplicative operating expenses. So we view our distribution efficiencies as a source of gross margin improvement in 2011.
Thomas McFall: Our distribution costs, as well as our competitors', is something we don't talk a lot about. But we see the opportunity for substantial improvement this year from a training standpoint. As we move forward and grow the CSK store volumes, we'd expect to see leverage on fixed costs.
Thomas McFall: I would break that question into two pieces. To the extent that we have excess cash beyond our capital requirements, we will buy back shares. When we look at the debt side of the equation, we're going to be measured in how fast we come up to a 2x to 2.25x leverage, and we still have a number of opportunities to consolidate the industry. We will make sure we have enough dry powder to do that if one of those opportunities comes up. So we would expect over the next probably two years to walk up to that 2x to 2.25x.
Thomas McFall: Well we issue a number of options as part of our compensation program all the way down to store manager levels. We had quite a few options. And then historically, we've issued options on acquisitions. So we issued quite a few options to motivate our team on the CSK acquisition, which we feel has been a big contributor for us. So we'd expect it to be maybe slightly less than that.
Thomas McFall: On the new store productivity, when we look at the actual numbers, our new stores continue to do very well. When you look at the comparison to '09 -- in '09 we had some store closures for remodels, so periods of time from last year comparative to this year. So I think you've got that blowing around in the non-comp store bucket that's creating the appearance that they're not doing as well. But from our standpoint, they continue to do exceedingly well.
Gregory Henslee: Well, we've made good progress. We're trying to avoid giving the comp store sales of our stores by markets and by store type just for competitive reasons. But I guess what I would say is that we've made good progress. If you look at it like you would a baseball game, I'd say we're in the second, third inning, something like that, with a lot of the game still ahead of us. But we're further down the road than we would have thought we would have been at this point in time.
Gregory Henslee: That's correct. Because of the duplicative inventory that we had in place when we moved Dixon to Stockton. We had two distribution centers worth of inventory there that were unnecessary, and also the hub store network that was really kind of overbuilt to kind of get us in the Commercial business ahead of us having all of our distribution centers open and just the method by which we address putting inventory in those stores. We have more inventory on average in those stores than we really need. And we'll be working to work that down to the appropriate levels over the next 12 months. We've been working on that already, some, but we still have a lot of progress yet to make there.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think as our competitors do and most retailers do, we constantly shop our competitors to make sure that our retail prices are competitive. Generally, the prices that Tom was talking about are items that we would consider commodities or items that are related to specific raw material costs that typically would be costs that if we receive increases, our competitors would receive increases. And I think, what we've seen anyway for the last several years, is that our industry is pretty rational when it comes to passing along those cost increases. So primarily, we're talking about just passing along the raw material and commodity cost increases along with our competitors.
Gregory Henslee: We have not. I think the increases that we've seen have been pretty gradual. We've not had a quick spike in fuel prices to this point, and we've not seen an impact that we would relate specifically to gas prices. As I've mentioned in my earlier comments, our first quarter isn't -- it didn't start off as strong as what we ended the fourth quarter, but we relate that to these weather events that we had because they were specifically on a daily basis related to those weather events, and we're not relating them at this point to anything other than that. Although we understand that increased gas prices take away from some of the discretionary spend, and with the some of the income tax refunds not coming as early this year as they did last year, that, that could have some minor impact. It's very difficult for us to measure.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think the categories, the robust categories are probably pretty similar. We've seen good growth primarily in hard parts categories. I think ignition emissions is a category that has probably improved some in the more recent years just because of the complexity of automobiles and the components that had to do with emission and ignition, they have to be replaced at higher mileages. Those products run at approximately the same margins now as they did then relative to our buying power. We make better margin now across all lines relative to our buying power, but I don't think we've seen a material shift by category into categories that we make better margin on now than we did in 2007. It's been more across the board.
Gregory Henslee: Well, we continue to move some of our products to private label to satisfy our customers' desires to buy lower-cost products, those products typically come at a lower selling price, maybe a lower gross profit dollar but a higher gross margin percentage. So that's one change that we're seeing and we're pursuing. The ideal situation for us is to build some of our private labels into more premium brands, which we've pursued. And then as the import car market or the sale of parts for import cars becomes a larger percentage of our business, I think we have an opportunity to grow our gross margin with some private label branding that we can do on OE fit, form and function private label products.
Gregory Henslee: No, January was not a negative month. And we would have been extremely surprised if the few days that we had that affected the month that contributed to the softer overall comps would have caused it to be negative, but that did not happen. The wintertime, with storms coming through, it's always hard to kind of measure how the overall business is trending because these events can be so impacting the business. I can tell you that today, we are in the range that we gave for the quarter and we would expect that we would finish the quarter at least in that range.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think we're competitive. We're price competitive with our biggest competitors. We shop our competitors every day as they do us, I'm sure, to make sure that we're price competitive and we work hard on a wide array of SKUs to make sure the retails on our products are set competitively, trying to use various strategies to make sure we maximize our gross margin. On the commercial side, it's a little tougher than that because you have a wider array of competitors, and it's hard to find out sometimes what your competitors are actually selling a commercial customer for. But we have strategies that we use for that. And I would say that when it comes to full-service providers on the commercial side, that we're competitive with all of them and we look at that on a by-market basis, and we have very developed systems that are capable of setting our commercial prices and allowing us to manage our commercial prices on a by-market or a by-store or a by-customer basis. When it comes to some of the smaller competitors that we have in various markets, we call them two-steppers or undercar warehouses, sometimes these competitors can buy direct from sources in China and other countries on brake rotors and some of the primary major hard parts items, and they can be very competitive. And I would tell you that in some cases where we compete with competitors who are not full-service providers, we'll get beat on price in a certain category or two. But generally, if you looked at everything that we sell a customer, we're going to be competitive with anyone out there.
Gregory Henslee: No, I think there is that situation. I think that some of our major competitors on the more traditional side of the business, because of the type of distribution that they're in, many of them are subjected to three-step distribution so they're buying as a jobber store on many of the product lines and in some cases, they may be buying directly from a manufacturer. But typically and generally, some of those competitors would be under pressure to compete with us on price at our normal commercial pricing. So those competitors are yes, much easier to take business from.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, Alan. There's, of course, wide variation in the progression of individual converted stores. And as we've spoken to before, the stores that we converted first continue even in the fourth quarter of last year to perform the best from a comp percentage standpoint. Most of those stores were located in the center part of the country and they continue to do very well. And if you looked at the converted stores, you can just kind of follow track with the traction that the stores have relative to the amount of time that they've had post-conversion to adapt to our systems, gain traction with relationships with commercial customers and just all the things that would allow us to be successful with execution of our business model. So it's not nearly linear. It's very much weighted to the amount of time that the stores have been converted.
Gregory Henslee: Well, we think our average ticket will continue to increase as we roll in more commercial sales since the commercial sales ticket is generally higher than the retail sales. So we would expect our average ticket to outpace our traffic by a little bit.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I can tell you in our 3% to 6% guidance we're weighing the CSK's stores contribution as heavier than the -- or better performing than the O'Reilly stores. The O'Reilly stores this past year had good DIY and good commercial store sales growth. Really the comp percentage of those stores was pretty similar. The CSK stores, of course, the Commercial business grew faster than the DIY business. On a balance to consolidate a company, the Commercial business grew faster than the DIY business. So I guess what I would say is that without giving a number, we expect the CSK stores to grow faster. We expect the core O'Reilly stores to continue to do better than the industry in general. And we've been very pleased with the performance of the stores from a comparable store sales standpoint this past year relative to our competitors and relative to the different industry measurements that we have to try and gauge our market share in each market. And we would expect 2011 to be another good year for those stores, tempered from a comparable store sales perspective by the comparisons to the good year that we had in 2010.
Gregory Henslee: We're assuming not a lot of -- not robust improvement on the DIY side and robust improvement on the Commercial side. I think Ted's comment, and not to speak for Ted, but I think his comment is that there's a lot of DIY business being done on the West Coast and we feel like that we're not getting the share that we should have of that and that we have an opportunity to do a lot more business DIY than what we're doing today. And we're working via various marketing strategies and customer service strategies to try and take advantage of that. At the same time, we're working to execute the business model that we've been successful with in the central part and eastern part of the country with regard to doing the Commercial business out of the retail stores.
Gregory Henslee: Well, to answer your first question, Michael, on the new customer versus existing customer in some of the earliest conversion stores, what I would tell you is that when put a commercial program in a store, we typically would go out and try to develop preliminary relationships with really every customer in the market; set of accounts, let them know who we are, what we do and start working to gain some of their business. So what I would say is that while initially, you would establish some relationship with all those customers in a given market, you wouldn't get business from many of them for some time until you gave it some work and developed a relationship. So it's a mix of new and existing customers that allow us to grow depending on how you characterize what's new or existing. For most part, all these customers are relatively new customers to us, but they are customers that, for instance, in the case of the area around Lubbock that we distribute to New Mexico and West Texas or Minneapolis, most of these customers have had accounts set up for some time, and we just incrementally gained traction with them as we've developed the relationship and kind of showed them what we're capable of doing. And then Tom, you want to answer the new store question.
Gregory Henslee: Well, we would expect to continue to see solid results. We look at what's the actual productivity of the stores against our metric as opposed to the 70%. But not surprisingly, when we look at new store productivity this year, it was a good year for our industry. The stores that opened this year opened above our historical average. When we look at stores that opened in slower periods, '07, '08, we saw those stores come back up to what our historical growth rate would be. So it was a great year for our new stores, immature stores.
Gregory Henslee: Well, no, I think it's very similar. The primary difference is, is that the car populations in some of the West Coast markets are significantly different than some of the center, some of the country markets. Probably more similar to some of the East Coast markets where you have a higher population of import cars. The competitive -- the list of competitors out there are, of course, different. We, of course, have the national competitors that we would have in every other market, absent Advance. But we have different local competitors, small chains and two-step operations or undercar warehouses that are different competitors but operate much the same as the competitors do in the center and eastern part of the country. So I would say it's very similar, absent just some variations that we have in vehicle population dynamics that we deal with in various markets across the country.
Gregory Henslee: In the past couple of weeks, we've had kind of a good weather trend, just kind of an early spring in many markets. And when you have those trends, yes, you see a boost. You generally don't expect those kinds of boosts to sustain, but you always hope they will. But it's hard to look into the future and know what comparable store sales are going to do. But it's pretty easy for us to look back and see what happened with these major storms that came through and realize that they impacted business because people weren't moving. There were towns that, in many cases, aren't prepared to deal with as much snowfall as they got. They basically shut the town down for a couple of days. And we typically wouldn't have a rebound effect from those type of weather events because people just weren't driving their cars.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I would just say that I again want to say thanks to our team for the great job that they did in 2010. We're really proud of the year we had and we're working hard in the first quarter to make sure that we finish with strong results in the first quarter, and look forward to reporting those to you once we complete the quarter. Thanks.
Ted Wise: Tony, this is Ted. I might add to Greg's comment, we're seeing a slight trend to where our professional customers are not quite as brand-sensitive. I mean, they're very willing to take a private label as long as it's a premium private label.
Ted Wise: Yes, Scott. We've got the last three years basically, we've been trying to get our arms around our present locations and the lease and just what our opportunities are. We've just added another real estate person in California. We've had two working on it. So we've got a number of stores in the pipeline. As a matter fact, we actually installed two new stores out there last year, and we relocated several. So we'll be ramping up the growth out there, there's no question about it. And there's also quite a few opportunities for relocations out of strip centers into prototype stores, so we're kind of addressing on both angles and really expect the West Coast to probably be in the range of maybe 25% of our growth for the next couple of years. The pipeline to get a store in, and if it's a build-out, it's going to be a little longer process out there from a permitting and construction.
Ted Wise: Mike, this is Ted. My comment on the DIY is, as you may know, the CSK kind of retail book of business was very promotional driven, chemicals, oil and had a small amount of hard parts. Of course, that's based on the market. And they had pulled a lot of inventory out over the years so they had just really run their retail hard parts business down, and there's a lot of business out there for us to grow. Now it's going to take the brand becoming stronger out there, so it'll be a process to just build the O'Reilly Brand because they've got good suppliers out there to go to right now. So it's going to be hard work, but the opportunity there is pretty significant, I think.
Ted Wise: Mike, this is Ted. A lot of the times, it's kind of the class of store as you grow in, and to open up a new market like the Southeast or the Upper Midwest. The first year to that group of stores might not be as open as aggressive as the next year, as you fill out a market and the brand gets known and you recruit better people and you just get more traction in a market. So it's a timing issue a lot of times as we roll out new market.
