Tom McFall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the second quarter and remainder of 2016. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2015 and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Tom McFall: We don't have a very long open window during this period each year because of the time to file the K. So we buy off the grid and the market cooperated better with our grid this year than it did last year.
Tom McFall: Well, it will depend on our sales sell through. Part of the reduction will be captured this year. It's probably a one year recapture on that.
Tom McFall: Well, obviously, we are monitoring closely expected changes that are going to come out. The key for us is an input cost, so our competitors are going to have the same costs that we are, and we would anticipate passing those along. The key for us is to make sure that our compensation plans continue to have our store managers run the business like they own it. So that's a very sensitive area for us. On interest rates, to the extent that interest rates go up for our suppliers, interest rates are an input costs into their product and we would expect that increased - potential increased acquisition cost to hit across the industry and be passed along. From an individual, our Company interest rate perspective, all our debt is locked.
Tom McFall: That's correct. The higher interest is a known factor. So we have included it within our guidance. But as is our practice, share repurchases after today are not included in our guidance.
Tom McFall: They have been significantly higher than we had planned. We're not planning those types of numbers in the back-half.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my remarks by echoing Greg's comments and congratulating Team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter and a great start to 2016. Our team continued to exceed the high bar they've set with their past performance by once again delivering industry-leading comparable store sales growth and record profitability. The secret to our team's consistent track record of success really isn't a secret. It's our team's dedication to working harder than our competition and providing excellent service to each of our customers. For the quarter, we grew total revenues 10.2% and total gross margin dollars by 11.2%. Our incredibly steady run of generating profitable growth is a direct result of our ability to provide exceptional service, a wide product offering at competitive prices, and superior parts availability. This growth doesn't happen without the dedication of our store, DC, and office support teams. Now I'd like to spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense for the first quarter. Our team continues to remain fully committed to building strong relationships with our customers and gaining market share, while at the same time keeping a close eye on expenses. And as a result of their efforts, we levered SG&A by 108 basis points for the first quarter. This SG&A performance exceeded our expectations and is a direct reflection of the discipline our team demonstrates in making sure that every expense dollar is spent to enhance our service to our customers. Our significant SG&A leverage is the result of our strong comparable sales results, coupled with an increase in average SG&A per store of 2% in the first quarter, which is well within our expectations, especially in light of the higher variable cost associated with strong comps and increased customer counts. We continue to expect our full-year increase in average SG&A per store to be approximately 2%. However, we will closely monitor our sales volumes and will make appropriate adjustments as needed to prudently manage SG&A expenses, both up and down, to match business trends and the opportunities we see in the marketplace. We successfully opened 52 net new stores during the first quarter and we continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores. During the quarter, we opened stores in 22 different states with the highest concentration in some of our newer growth markets in Florida and the Northeast, as well as continued growth in existing markets such as Texas. As we've discussed in the past, our ability to continue to drive profitable growth for several years in Texas has strained our DC capacity, but we are excited to report that progress on the construction and stocking of our newest DC in the San Antonio market is right on schedule, and we are on target to open the DC in the next month. The San Antonio DC will have the capacity to service approximately 250 stores. And over the course of the next few months, we will immediately transfer a significant number of stores to the new DC, freeing up much-needed capacity in our Dallas and Houston DCs. Opening new stores and new distribution centers are long, complex processes that involve every area of our Company. Just as importantly, the most critical component of any new store or DC opening is the identification and training of the teams that will live the O'Reilly culture and provide excellent service to our customers. Our store and DC leadership teams continue to do a fantastic job instilling our culture and business philosophy in our newest teams, and I want to thank them for their continued dedication to excellent customer service. It's always a good thing to start off a new year with a great first quarter, and we're obviously pleased with the outstanding job by Team O'Reilly so far in 2016. As I close my comments, I must reiterate that we will never rest on past successes, but will continue to out-hustle and out-service our competitors to earn our customers' business each and every day. I am confident we have the right team in place to continue provide unwavering customer service and take market share the rest of 2016. And I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our Company's success. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Jeff Shaw: Well, I think what I would say, Michael, is that we had a solid trend throughout the quarter. We've been on a solid trend for a long time. On a three-year stack basis, we have a tough three-year stack. And we kind of expected some moderation to the 7%-plus quarterly comp store sales gains that we've been achieving, as we continue to stack up these years and quarters of pretty incredible comp store sales growth. So we really don't see it as much of a change. I think if you look at a three-year stack basis, it's actually a little bit of an improvement. But, yes, I wouldn't relate it to anything specific, other than towards the end of the period, when we were comparing against real solid spring weather at the end of the period last year, we had a pretty slow start to spring. We had markets where we had snow in the upper Midwest. When we didn't have snow last year, we shut business down. We had floods down in Texas, which - and we had stores closed for several days down in Texas at some point during the floods, which that comes back around as a positive in the long-term, but it can affect short-term results.
Jeff Shaw: We didn't talk about the map at all. I'll make a few comments on that. We had solid comp contribution really from all areas of the country, with the best outperformance being in the Southeast and mid-Atlantic regions. But really all parts of the country had solid comparable store sales.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, I mean there again, I think that we've probably been more aggressive on the national accounts than we have been in the past. So we are seeing solid growth there. But I mean we focus on every account in the market, and get out there and work every account. And we are seeing growth on really both sides of the business.
Jeff Shaw: No, nothing really any different than we've seen in the past. I mean, there's always a scramble for great people in the market. But nothing - really no changes that we've seen.
Greg Henslee: I don't see a constraint. I think that we are in a fantastic position from a people standpoint. I think culturally, we are an incredibly strong company. I think supply chain - there's no one that really compares to the supply chain and the availability that we have. I think from a merchandise and product line-up standpoint, we are in a great position. I think from a pricing perspective, we are in a great position. I don't see any reason that we won't continue to generate industry-leading comparable store sales.
Greg Henslee: Yes. The benefit from the cost reductions that we have will be ongoing from this point forward, but we'll have the second quarter headwind of the write-down in the inventory that we are taking as a result of the cost reductions, which will affect our full-year gross margin. But we’ll still end up in the range that we had given at the first of the year.
Greg Henslee: We offer both in many product categories. Generally speaking, our - we call them private labels, but we really market them as branded product because they are high-quality products that we sell in boxes that are the brains that we represent, although most, we consider them private label. It's just from a pure acquisition and supply standpoint. But generally speaking, the performance of our proprietary brands or private labels has been better than with our branded products, even in those markets that you spoke of.
Greg Henslee: Bret, we are never going to stop trying. But there are some challenges with that when you compare us to the other company you are talking about, relative to some of the brands that we carry, which are just more traditional represented brands. And they supply some customers who, if they gave those terms to us, where they would have to give them to those customers, and they're just reluctant to do that. And frankly, their brands are strong enough that they are able to encourage us to buy their products without the terms. And we are happy to do so.
Greg Henslee: No, there's not. At least to this point, there's not. I mean at some point, as we have, we start further anniversarying some of the changes that took place in the competitive landscape. And the solid gains we've had in those categories as a result of those changes, I would expect the comp percentage and dollars on a comparative basis to decrease some. But to this point, we've not seen that.
Greg Henslee: Yes, I believe it would be about this time last year. So I think it's - I think we are coming up on that period now.
Greg Henslee: The majority of our business obviously is not national account business. So we've - we're very successful with the up-and-down-the-street shops, which is the majority of our business and the majority of our comp store sales growth.
Greg Henslee: Of course, there is a calendar shift, and it would have put some pressure in March and then we have a little bit of benefit in April. I think we'd estimate it to be about, what, 30 basis points maybe or something like that? Yes.
Greg Henslee: Well, we - like I said earlier, we just have tougher comparisons. We are not really expecting any diminishing trend. We think miles driven being up like it is, is a contributor. The average age of vehicles is a contributor. Employment being where it is, is a contributor. I know there's some ways around whether or not the soft winter will hurt demand. And certainly, in some markets, that could have some effect on under-car parts that can be damaged on rough roads and potholes and stuff like that. But generally speaking, we are not anticipating a diminishing trend.
Greg Henslee: Well, we have said that gross margin is going to be relatively consistent quarter-to-quarter. We don't give quarterly gross margin guidance. So I think it would be safe to pick which number you think it is in the range and apply that specific charge to come up with a gross margin for the quarter.
Greg Henslee: I think when gas prices get up in the mid-3s like they were at one point I think it becomes a factor. It starts affecting miles driven, which is really the primary driver of demand in our business. So, to the extent that it hurts people's discretionary money and the money they have to spend on things that can be potentially deferred has an effect, and then of course miles driven. I don't think it was the increases that we've seen. I think that's pretty minor to this point and it's not a factor. But if gas prices were to spike back into the 3s or mid-3s or something like that per gallon, that becomes a factor.
Greg Henslee: Well, I mean, it was just another day. It was a Monday, and we included it in our Q1 report for everything, other than we called out our comps separately excluding today, because it would be comparing an extra day to a day short to prior-year. So, it's included in Q1. It was a Monday, so that's a good day. But it really would have no effect on Q2.
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, what I would say is late March and early April, we saw a little bit of a decline in demand with some pretty significant weather events that happened in different parts of the country, really more than one. With the start of spring and kind of the spring warm weather hitting in most markets, we've seen improving trends and strengthening of our comp store sales. And to this point in the quarter, we are in line with our expectations. And we would expect that trend that we are on to continue.
Greg Henslee: Hard to know what's going to happen a year from now, but you would expect that we would have the absence of that LIFO - big LIFO charge in the second quarter of next year and see a big year-over-year gain.
Greg Henslee: It was not that significant. February was the strongest month, but the differences were not that significant. But it was a difference that was worth mentioning, because I know you all like to know the cadence of how the quarter progressed. And we would have viewed the end of the period as being the weaker portion directly related to some of the weather things that we were talking about in the spring, that have now strengthened as spring has gotten here.
Greg Henslee: Yeah. Well, there are several benefits. One would be that we are - we have our Houston distribution center and our Dallas-Fort Worth distribution center both running overcapacity, which causes them to not be as efficient from a cost of operations as they could be. And then from a service-level standpoint, we don't feel like they do quite as well as they could if they were operating at a more optimal store count. So there will be some benefit there. And then in addition to that, as we offload some of the stores that are supplied by those DCs, we can take advantage of expansion opportunities that we see for new stores in both those markets. Because those are both very robust markets for us where we have back-fill opportunities, and have the need and the opportunity to add some stores in those markets that we really don't have the distribution capacity to add today but will have the future. And then, additionally, with the opening of San Antonio, both San Antonio and Austin are incredible growth markets. And today they are serviced by hub stores, which is just not optimal if you want to be the dominant auto parts supplier in those markets, which we do. And by putting that distribution center north of San Antonio, south of Austin, we can touch stores in both markets on a same-day basis, and give us an opportunity to increase penetration with existing customers and develop relationships with new customers. And then as we continue to expand, expand more easily from just a store count perspective, because we'll have the capacity to do so out of San Antonio.
Greg Henslee: No, our plan is to execute the same business plan and strategy that we've executed across the country, as we expand into some of these Northeast markets that are more densely populated and have more cars than people. Certainly, having parts close to the customer is a critical component of success in our business, and we'll continue to execute the strategy that allows us to have distribution capacity that allows us that availability advantage that's so important, we feel like, to our success.
Greg Henslee: Yeah. I think we continue to invest in supply chain from an efficiency standpoint. We continue to look for appropriate means to make more parts available on a same-day basis to our stores. You know, as cars continue to use more different parts on a year-over-year basis, this proliferation of the number of part numbers that it takes to cover the vehicle population in the US becomes a more important factor in being that first-call supplier. So we have some things that we can do to even further leverage the existing distribution network we have. And then in the future, we'll be working on ways to improve availability. Important to us is maintaining a competitive gap in availability. And we feel like we have that today. And we feel like we have the ability to continue to maintain that gap, as our competitors further realize the importance of availability and work to expand their availability on a same-day basis. And we will continue to work on ways to do that.
Greg Henslee: Okay, the Leap Year in comps, if we included it, would be - we would have had a 7.4% comp in the quarter if we had included Leap Day. I'm unsure of the 30 basis point Easter effect in sales on EPS.
Greg Henslee: Yeah, I assumed everybody knew that we didn't close the stores on Easter. We are just not as busy on Easter as we are any other Sunday.
Greg Henslee: Nothing, I think that our competitors are very price competitive today. I think we have always been in a very price competitive business. So that's always something that we monitor and shop and watch for. But you know pricing has remained rational for some time and we would expect it to in the future. Our competitors - many of them have really good supply chains. I think ours is, generally speaking, more robust. And I think that we maintain availability gap over most of our competitors, but I think some of our competitors are improving them. And I think they have the ability to improve them. It simply takes time and execution. Distribution centers are long-term commitments, so some of the strategies that some of our competitors have in place now are hard things to roll up and change quickly. But I think, over time, if our competitors have the will and the ability to execute a different supply chain strategy, they will do so. At the same time, we'll be working to maintain a supply chain and availability benefit and positive GAAP for us, which we been successful at doing in the past.
Greg Henslee: Yes. It's grown a lot over the last few years. And we have a very strong Web presence when it comes to B2B, and we have had for a number of years. I would suspect that we are one of the higher suppliers from a percentage standpoint, when it comes to the percentage of our sales on the professional side that are done electronically. I actually don't have the percentage in front of me. It's grown significantly and it will continue to grow. Still, the vast majority of our business is done via phone call. It will be - yeah, it's still phone call. So we have a lot of opportunity, over time, to convert that business to electronic, which we think is pretty sticky. The customers, once they start using your systems, it can stick with you pretty well. And then secondly, it creates some efficiency for us at the store by not taking a phone call, and simply receiving a pick ticket and shipping a part. But the trade-off is you don't maybe develop as close of a personal relationship with a customer as you would on a phone call. So there's some trade-offs. But phone call is still the majority of our professional business.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Brandon. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our outstanding first quarter results. We are extremely proud of our record-breaking first quarter, and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout 2016. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. And we look forward to reporting our 2016 second quarter results in July. Thanks.
