Tom McFall: Thank you, Latif. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our first quarter 2020 results and provide a business update on the company's actions in response to the impact for the novel coronavirus, COVID-19. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation [Audio Dip] from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Tom McFall: Greg, this is a situation that we haven't seen before with miles driven significantly down, people staying at home, something very unusual and the sales are down much more than we've experienced in the past. As Greg talked about in prepared comments, we have a very high fixed model when you look at multi locations opened from 7:30 in the morning till 7:30, 8:00, 9:00, 10:00 at night. We have to staff all of those hours. So given that, we have a high fixed model, and we're seeing a pretty significant reduction in sales. We would expect to have more pressure and more of a negative – less of a positive flow through on those sales. So we'd expect it to be a more restrictive number.
Tom McFall: Well, first of all, it bridges accounting periods, but we don't give profitability metrics on short periods of time. What we would say to echo the comments we made regarding Greg's question is that the negative flow through will be higher because we have to staff the stores for the hours open, and we'll see quite a bit of SG&A headwind, given a negative 13% comp run rate.
Tom McFall: Obviously that depends also on what the sales look like for the rest of the quarter and how many miles are driven. But given that rate, it will be a significant headwind.
Tom McFall: Simeon, this is Tom. To add to that, the reason we picked the last two weeks of March and the first two weeks of April were the performances were pretty consistent. Stay-at-home orders and companies converting people to working at home was pretty consistent. We want to give you what the baseline was. As Greg talked about, we have done better since the stimulus checks were issued, but we are uncertain the duration of that benefit.
Tom McFall: To add to Greg's comment, the stimulus checks hit, in essence, a week or 10 days ago. We didn't want to include that in our comments because we're not sure of the duration. From a miles driven standpoint, we haven't seen the national data on that yet. I know there's a lot of assumptions out there on the gas usage of calculating miles driven, but that hasn't been always a great indicator for us. What we also tell you is that there are a lot of auto parts that are sold by somebody that's not O'Reilly. And our opportunity is to go out and make long-term term relationships with customers and gain more market share. Our goal has always been to never settle for what the industry growth rate is, but to go out and earn additional market share growth beyond that.
Tom McFall: So when we look back at 2008, not surprising as people determine they were going to keep their vehicles longer, want to maintain their roadworthiness, key drivers were hard parts. Vehicles were – people want to keep their vehicle, maintaining it on the road well. It wasn't a dress up, wasn't in performance. It was those key hard parts. The second question was – can you repeat the second question? I'm sorry, Michael.
Tom McFall: Sorry about that. Yes. So our expectation is unchanged. We had anticipated no inflation – no new inflation, and that we would be anniversarying increases from the tariffs from last year. So same expectation.
Tom McFall: In the last week or 10 days since we've seen the stimulus checks, we've seen those – both sides of the business improve. We would tell you that the DIY has – over this period of time since the significant outbreak and the crisis has gotten worse has performed markedly better.
Tom McFall: So I guess the first thing I'd say is any time we put up a negative comp quarter, it happened so rarely, it doesn't feel very good, despite the comparisons. On the traffic, it's very hard to determine. We can look at some of our O'Rewards data because – and we can look at that over a period of time to see how many new customers we sign up. And when we look at our shops because their business is suffering, it's hard to know if you're losing more or less than the other numbers they have on the line and whether you're moving up the call list or not. Ultimately, we feel good that we've been able to keep our stores open and perform comparatively well. Over time, we feel like those customer interactions where we get a new customer in the door because the parts store that they normally go to hasn't been open that we're going to provide great customer service, and that's going to be sticky. Same thing on the professional side, which we know for sure from past experience.
Tom McFall: Lapping the tariffs has played out as we expected. On our last call, when we laid out our gross margin guidance at the time, LIFO was more of a headwind. This year, we're not seeing as much of a benefit as we saw last year. But that, again, is tracking as we'd expect. As we talked about on the call last time, Mayasa runs a big independent jobber business. So they're selling to other part stores. So they have a lower operating cost, but also lower gross margins. So that's a drag also. When we look at our gross margin for the first quarter versus our expectations, it's really less high-margin winter items and then we have a relatively high – we have quite a bit of high fixed cost in our distribution center, when you look at management, occupancy and routes that we run transportation. So when our volume is down, that's going to be a drag.
Tom McFall: On the inflation, it was a little over 2.5%, which is pretty much exactly where we expected it to be, all driven by anniversarying sale price increases from last year – really to last year's tariffs. We'd expect that to be the highest number of the year and to decline as we anniversary the last year's tariffs.
Tom McFall: So our vendor financing program is primarily akin to what our rating is. And our expectation is that, that will not change, and we'll be very conservative in our balance sheet, although we will see pressure from a operating standpoint, given the current environment. We generate a significant amount of cash, and we expect to be able to very effectively manage our leverage ratios.
Tom McFall: So about half of it was the additional growth that we planned for this year and half of it was – we just didn't move as many winter goods and end of spring, as Greg talked about, the inbound keeps coming. So we're planning for business and it was very rough going the last two weeks. As far as are the additional SKUs making a difference, that will take time to determine. And there is so much disruption out there in the market right now that, that is – clouds everything else from a testing perspective.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. Greg, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we really didn't have much of a winter in January and February. So our cold weather market started off pretty slow. And then business picked up in the first half of March that we talked about, and then the COVID pandemic really hit. And with 90% of the population really all across the country understand home areas, impact was fairly widespread across all of our chain. The one thing that I would say in general is that the large metro markets appear to have been impacted to a greater degree than the rest of the markets in our chain, and we assume that would be driven by the better adherence to the stay-at-home orders.
Jeff Shaw: And I want to add word on that is that's why we've done our best to keep all of our stores open in all of our local markets. And maybe that was with the skeleton crew, but at least we kept the doors open to be there for our customers.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. To add a little more color in distribution to what Tom said. The fixed cost, as Tom said, they are going to be a drag on low volume. One of the uniquenesses of the timing of the impact of the virus to us is it's in a period of time where we're ramping up for spring volume. So if you look at a distribution center and you look at the labor in the distribution center, you got to look at the inbound side – inbound volume as well as the outbound volume. So over the past several weeks, our inbound volumes have been higher as a result of ramping up for the spring season, while our outbound volumes have been softer. So the DCs have been impacted and you would think that they would be able to reduce hours and cut some labor. They haven't been able to do that as much as you might think because of the inbound volume in keeping up the spring inflow of product.
Greg Johnson: Scot, we – as a company, we always look for strategic acquisitions. And right now, it's really no different. I wouldn't say we're focusing any more or any less on looking at strategic acquisitions. Frankly, we've been really business – we're all really busy running the business and coping with what's going on, but we would certainly be open to looking at strategic acquisitions, if any of them presented themselves.
Greg Johnson: Yes. We're not going to quantify that, but I'll kind of walk you through the quarter with a little more color than what I did in prepared comments, Simeon. As we said, we started the quarter very similarly to where we commented back in February. January, mild winter that led into February. Comps for both January and February were positive. Although they didn't meet our expectations, they were both positive. Then we moved into March and in the first couple of weeks of March, things improved. Weather improved. Sales were more typical of what we would expect to see with normal weather patterns in our business. So we saw improvement in the first two weeks. And then the middle of March, when COVID really started to present itself and stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders were issued. For that next four week period, we saw consistent negative comp trends fairly consistent across all four of those weeks. And then over the past week, once the stimulus checks have started coming out, checks and electronic payments, we've seen improvement over those prior four weeks.
Greg Johnson: Yes well. what we're uncertain now is how much of the improvement is related specifically to the stimulus. We feel like a significant amount of the improvement we saw over the prior four weeks was stimulus related. As time goes on and these stimulus checks and the money runs out, we'll just have to see how our performance does over the next few weeks. And it's unknown what future stimulus will hit and the timing of that. So we're being very cautious and conservative as we look forward.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Michael, great question. I think it's all of the above. The biggest driver in our industry continues to be miles driven. That's what causes breakage, wear and tear, more maintenance cycles on vehicles. So I would add more weight to that. Obviously, this period that we're approaching more so than normal. There are other factors that you mentioned that would impact that. But I would say that miles driven would be the most significant. As I said in prepared comments and we comment on frequently, most of our purchases in our industry are nondiscretionary. Most of the people come into our stores to buy parts, to repair or maintain their vehicle, they just really don’t have a choice. Whether it's getting their kids to school or getting themselves to work, they have to have their vehicle. So because of being nondiscretionary in nature, economics definitely plays into this, but consumers have historically done a good job of prioritizing their spending on a weak economy, and our industry has performed well. So I think the single most important factor would continue to be miles driven.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Brian, I would add one thing to that. Our – most of our e-commerce business does result in that customer coming to our store as Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store. Over the past several weeks, we have increased functionality there to roll out buy online ship to store functionality, which opens up our supply chain to provide often same-day service to our stores, either from a distribution center or a hub store nearby. So we've added that functionality and our e-commerce sales have picked up, especially on the Pick Up In-Store side.
Greg Johnson: Yes. So I'll take the first part and then I'll let Tom speak to the inflation question. Chris, a lot of things are similar and then there are some things that are definitely different. When we went through 2008, 2009, there was a lot of things we called out that were drivers. We talked about the SAAR. We talked about miles driven. We talked about Hispanic hibernation and other things. The one thing that's unique about the situation we're in now is the fact that the potentially dramatic impact to miles driven so far. With all of the stay-at-home orders, consumers have just not been driving their vehicles at all in a lot of markets. So miles driven we feel like is going to be significantly drawn down. We think that was a driver of a lot of the negative impact to our first quarter results. And it really just depends on how this thing plays out. Miles driven is going to be a key factor in what our business does going forward. And it really just depends on the timing of when the stay-at-home orders are released and people are able to go back to work and get back to their normal lives.
Greg Johnson: Bret, I really don't think we've got a good feel for that yet. We've got – when you look at shops that are out there, a lot of those shops are strong financially. When you look at a layer above that, the WDs, those guys are strong financially. I think it would be naïve to think that there wouldn't be some doors closed throughout all this. But I just don't think at this point, we've got a scope – an idea of the scope or the magnitude of that.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Daniel. So we – I did say earlier that we have seen improvement in e-commerce sales, although it's still a very, very small percentage of our total sales. Throughout the last several weeks, the stay-at-home orders clearly have driven more consumers to shop online. The one thing that hasn't changed during that process is how those customers are buying from us. Consistently, over the years, customers have erred to the side of – even to forgo discounts to Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store, and that just speaks to the urgency of need in our industry. And we've seen an uptick in sales but we haven't seen a change in those buying habits. And that most of those purchases do resolve in the team – or the customers coming to our stores. We have advertised our curbside delivery. And I think that's been very popular with a lot of consumers that just are not comfortable going in and socializing with people during this pandemic. So we have done a lot of business through that channel. But most of our volume continues to be – our e-commerce volume continues to be Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Latif. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
