Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Yumicki. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection under the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify those statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results, described or implied, in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, the primary reason is we're going to have to have some substantial gains to stay where we are. When we look at the math and we talk about the store-level inventory build this year of $150 million, and when you add additional parts to the stores and that kind of mass, we're able to get special bating [ph] on those orders. So if we have re-bating [ph] on those orders that's come into the numerator and denominator at 100% and they're going to come due this year. So we're going to have to continue to make progress with our vendors through the financing program and through other avenues to maintain that percentage. And if we look back to the beginning of the year, our guidance was 70 to 75. And that -- those stock-up orders helped us surpass that level this year. So we've got some work to do to stay where we are.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, if you look at our days in payables, it's starting to get beyond where our turns are. So it's more of the bigger drivers when do those payments come due for non-typical orders.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look back at our model when we bought CSK, the opportunity from a scale standpoint to reduce our acquisition cost was quite a bit more than what we thought. We've done a little bit better on the expenses than we thought. And sales continue to be an item that we're very pleased with. But as Jeff mentioned in his prepared comments, yes, we still have a lot of opportunity to improve our market share on the West Coast.
Thomas G. McFall: I will be glad to. We were -- if we look at this year, we were pretty -- we would say we had a below-average inflation year. We've expect, just like any other retailer, to see 1.5% inflation for the year as gross margins percentage stay the same and acquisition cost goes up, that helps to fund inflation and wages and inflation also in occupancy costs. If we look at 2012, we saw larger-than-normal rate and was a helper for comps in 2011 and about average in 2010.
Thomas G. McFall: We look at the flow of our gross margin, we would expect the last 2 quarters to be a tougher compare because of that.
Thomas G. McFall: By the way, slightly better in the first half of the year, slightly below in the second half of the year, of course, with the backdrop of inflation and the pricing environment to be determined.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, that's something that we, like any other retailer, want to see people with -- walking around with money in their pockets. To-date, we haven't seen a significant change from that, but that would be a headwind this year as our type of customer has less discretionary income spend. So that's built within our comp expectations.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's still early in Central Florida. We're not into Southern Florida yet. But we are in the Northern Florida, the Panhandle, and had been for a while. And our stores there do very well. It's a pretty good real estate market for us. Our exploration so far has yielded good results from a location standpoint, and we've got several stores going in down there, and we expect to do really well in the Orlando and Tampa markets and several small markets around that area. So, yes, we're excited about it. We think it's a great opportunity for us, and we look forward to having a facility in Lakeland that will allow us to get further south into Florida. In the Northeast, it's way early. We've done a lot of looking around up there, as we've contemplated acquiring a company or 2 up there. And as you know, we acquired VIP. A lot of cars, a lot of traffic, the real estate market, obviously, is a little more difficult. But for most part, where we would locate the majority of our stores outside of the major, major metro areas, we would have part stores in Downtown Manhattan for instance. It looks pretty good. We're excited about the opportunity to expand up there, and we'll use the VIP acquisition as a means for us to expand south out of the far Northeast, and then we'll continue to use our existing store base to expand up into the Northeast. And at some point in the future, we'll be expanding our distribution capability in that area.
Gregory L. Henslee: I really don't have a -- I mean, the West Coast obviously performs very well, and they're a -- they performed better than the core O'Reilly stores, although the core O'Reilly stores performed well. The upper Midwest stores were our poorest performing stores. And as I said in my prepared comments, that the 25% of the stores that we comprised as maybe being the weather-affected stores, comped about a 200 basis point decrease in our overall comp performance. We would say that maybe the disparity between the non-weather-related stores and the weather-affected stores would be somewhere above 700 basis points, something like that.
Gregory L. Henslee: They were comping better. They weren't -- they would have been -- it varies by region. If you put them as a whole, they would have been comping under the average, but they had sequentially improved significantly into December.
Gregory L. Henslee: Dan, it's hard to really fully get our arms around the effect of the unusual winter we had last year and, to some degree, in many markets, say, a little bit of a soft winter, this winter. There's no question that extremes put pressure on automobiles, and that there's some hard parts failures that result from the cold and hot weather. And the roads, they get potholes in them and so forth. I guess, to answer your question, yes, I would expect those stores that have not performed well as the weather normalizes, to perform much better on the easier comparisons. So, yes, I think they will.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, yes, it's a competitive business. As I have said to many of you several times, it's -- I've been doing this for a long time, and I think it's always been a very competitive business. There's -- I can think of only a few markets over the years where we didn't have a competitor that was just tough and quality and did a good job. So we're -- our role has always been to go out and identify the markets where there's a lot of commercial business and try to take market share, and it's not easy. So, yes, I think the newer players in that -- in the commercial business coming in certainly adds another element of competition. It doesn't -- hasn't really changed the way that we would go to market because the fundamentals that drive the relationship between a commercial customer and the parts store remain exactly the same. The expectations are the same. We've always been able to build our business by meeting those expectations better than many of our competitors, and I think that we'll continue to do that. From an investment standpoint, for the things that we can do to improve that, it's over a number of years. We've kind of transitioned the way we do that business. We were one of the first companies, I think, to allow our customers to electronically order from our stores, pre-Internet -- or before the Internet was mainstream as it is today. We put terminals in our customer shops and had them electronically order parts from us, and I think we've been pretty innovative in the way that we manage those relationships over the years. And, yes, I think that we'll continue to invest in innovation. I don't see any big game-changer on the horizon that would require significant investment by us to maintain those relationships. I think the things that we see that we need to do, for instance, in 2012, when we increased our weekend deliveries. Some of our professional customers are open on weekends now, whereas back several years ago, maybe there weren't as many open on weekends -- or the national-account type customers are open on weekends. And by increasing our weekend service out of our hubs and DCs to our stores, it makes us a more effective supplier and then just increasing the number of stores that are touched everyday by a hub store or by a distribution center. And when I say by a hub store, many times the hub store itself is touched by the DC on a daily basis, and the hub store touches the stores. So in effect, the store has access to a distribution center breadth of inventory, and that's been very effective for us. So, no, I wouldn't see anything that would change significantly, but we will continue to incrementally make investments as we see fit.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it certainly -- we don't ignore the comparisons when we come up with our annual guidance. And having the easier compares in the second and third quarter will allow us to generate a little better comp than we would, assuming that our comp trend continues to be what we think it will be. So I think the things that we've done, from an inventory deployment standpoint by increasing our hub store count, product availability, all the things we can do to drive our business, are going to be helpful. But certainly, the comparisons in the second and third quarter are a consideration.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we look at big puts and takes. We would tell you, we kind of laid out why we came up with a flat gross margin because we're looking to really maintain the run rates we're at. We have some switch in distribution costs, some switch between professional business and acquisition costs. Our expectation is that if pricing is going to remain rational within our industry and there's not going to be any type large dramatic shift in how we and our competitors have priced over the last 3, 4, 5 years.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's definitely the case. In general, hard parts carry a better margin, as commodities are on the low end of our margin spectrum. So as we've added more hard parts, both on the professional and the DIY side at CSK, that's helped to offset the pressure from giving professional shops volume discounts.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's really hard to quantify for us, Michael. We're out there, and I -- I've got Jeff sitting across the table from me, and he manages a lot of great team members that wake up every day, trying to take market share from our competitors. And I feel like we're pretty effective. It's -- we work hard at it. I think, this -- the fourth quarter, we worked extremely hard, focusing on growing quality sales. We could grow ourselves faster if we were not as prudent when it comes to maintaining the price, in which we sell products for you and we're very cognizant of the gross margin, in which we sell products. So what I would say is we're out there, pedaling as hard as we can and trying to gain as much market share as we can. And I think our competitors are doing the same thing. It's just -- it's hard for me to speak to their results compared to ours and the causes of maybe their comp softness as compared to ours.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I've said in a few -- when I've met with a few analysts in just different venues that I would expect that some of the parts that didn't get replaced last winter, they were parts that were -- would typically fail in extreme weather, would either fail -- for instance, batteries that didn't fail in the winter time. A lot of them failed last summer during the heat, and they'll fail this winter. Our battery business in 2012 was really good. I would expect that some of the chassis parts that have lived a little longer life than they really should have based on them failing due to weather extremes, they would have maybe a little pickup there, maybe some ignition...
Gregory L. Henslee: And brakes. Brakes has been a little soft, with the -- yes, they are not being as much weather-affected, corrosion-type stuff as you might see otherwise. So, yes, we would expect to see some pickup in some categories as the weather normalizes.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think that everything do -- has done a little better there at the end of the quarter. But, yes, we saw -- the one that sticks out in my mind is we've seen a significant improvement on our performance on batteries.
Gregory L. Henslee: There are several contributing factors. And I'll make a comment. And then, Tom, you may have some comments too. Obviously, growing our revenue out there has been helpful. But the synergies, from a new product acquisition standpoint and maybe a mix standpoint and also some improvements that we've made in the way we deploy products and some of our private-label branding, those things are significant contributors. So, Tom, I don't know if you have a comment on which one you think is the biggest contributor.
Gregory L. Henslee: I would rather not speculate on that. We've not planned our distribution strategy up there yet. Yes, we'll have a lot of stores up there. But I really -- I would be completely speculating to give you a count. And considering that we've not planned our distribution strategy and haven't done all the detailed market analysis that we'll need to do to define where we put DCs, how many DCs, how many stores those service. I would rather save that for another day.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we threw that $1.8 million number out there early on just as a speculation as to where we thought those major metro market stores could get based on our experience in major metro markets in the core O'Reilly stores. We've never felt like that we would rest when we get to $1.8 million because we obviously are going to try to gain as much market share as we can. Yes, we've gained a lot of market share in the Western CSK stores. The upper Midwest Chicago, Detroit stores, the gains there have been somewhat affected by the weather events [indiscernible] of our competitors have talked about to some degree. So if I carve those out and look just at the regular CSK stores, we've come a long way in getting to the average that we talked about. But, yes, at some point, we may talk about a different target. But again, the idea is there's -- this target is just to -- early on was just to give some idea for analysts as to where we thought we could take the majority of those stores. It's not an internal target by any means. Our internal target is to gain as much market share as we possibly can, and it's very -- there's a very detailed evaluation on a by-store basis as to what we feel like our market entitlement should be, and our store managers and district managers and regional managers are out there today striving to get us to that point.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I -- we didn't -- we don't feel like we ever weren't motivated. We worked really hard to drive sales in the fourth quarter. We worked hard through the summer too. We're very consistent executors of our business model, and we've not really -- we didn't change anything in the fourth quarter. And we have -- we did go through a process of evaluating some supply chain opportunities that we had as far as making inventory available on a same day basis to more stores and looking at some of the newer stores whose inventory could potentially yield better results if it was a little larger, and we went through this process of investing in inventory last year that we think has generated some good results. So I would say that we tried no harder in the fourth quarter to drive sales than we did in the second and third quarter. I think some of the changes that we made from a supply chain standpoint and from an inventory availability standpoint have benefited us and will for the long term.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I'm [indiscernible] well, we haven't seen them so much in brake pads as we have seen in batteries. Batteries are something that have a very specific life. When a battery dies, it's dead and it's not going to work. You can charge it and maybe make it start the car again or you can jump start it. But when it's dead, it's dead. Brakes are a different story. When a brake pad gets metal to metal, it's worn out and you're done. But a lot of brakes in good times get replaced before they're worn out because as tires get rotated, people decide to go in and have their brake pads replaced at that time. And then from a corrosion standpoint, some of the brake components fail quicker because of corrosion due to salt on the roads and stuff like that. So what I was saying is that some of the parts that didn't get replaced and that would be more weather-related, those will be replaced. It's just been pushed a little further in time and that we have seen improvement in batteries and some of that could very well be due to the batteries that didn't fail last winter that failed during the summer or this winter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Yumicki. We would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking our 53,000 members of Team O'Reilly for their commitment to providing the best customer service in our industry. 2012 was another record-breaking year for our company, and our continued success is the direct result of your hard work. As we look forward to 2013, I'm confident that we are well positioned to continue our strong record of profitable growth, supported by your dedication to the fundamental concept that taking care of every customer every day is the key to our long-term success. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We're very proud of our performance in 2012, and we look forward to reporting our first quarter 2013 results in April. Thank you.
Jeff M. Shaw: I still owe you. When we look at our merchandise, we have the cost of the product and we have the cost of getting the product into a salable position. So as we move inventory into the DCs, it has a certain additional value that gets capitalized. As we move it into the stores at even a higher value. And then, as we sell that merchandise, we expense not only the cost of the merchandise, but the cost to get it in place. So as the inventory in the stores rises, the value of the cost to get it in place rises on our balance sheet. To the extent that inventory and the cost to distribute stays the same over time, it has a net 0 impact. When inventories go up, it reduced -- it is an offset to our distribution costs. When inventories go down, that -- or don't go up as much year-over-year, it's a less of an offset to our distribution costs. So when we look at next year, we are going to have a less of a build of inventory, a less of a benefit from adding that value, so it will create a headwind.
Jeff M. Shaw: That was the fourth quarter number. The third quarter number was larger than that, and that's versus 2011. When we look at our headwind for 2013, it was going to be a little bit more than that for total.
Jeff M. Shaw: I would tell you, we have -- when we originally purchased CSK, when we looked at what the professional side was and what we thought the margin impact was going to be, we had a -- our expectation was it was going to be a pretty significant number. What I'd tell you is, over the last 4 years, it's really been a net 0. CSK was selling a lot of not -- items that weren't hard parts that didn't create great margin. And as we've transitioned the business away from ancillary products to hard parts, on both the DIY side and the professional side, those products and themselves generated better POS margin. So we've seen that balance.
