Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Shonda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will, or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses such as CSK, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Thomas G. McFall: The additional inventory we're talking about is in the area that provides more offering to satisfy more customers, so it would be an opportunity to increase sales. And obviously, we look closely at the turns of all our inventory, and we're expecting to get good productivity out of this inventory. The timing will be -- it's a pretty major change in initiative. And lines will start rolling out here in the next couple of weeks and they will take 4, 5 or 6 months to complete the process.
Thomas G. McFall: That is a driver of SG&A being higher on a per-store basis. What I would tell you is when we look at our internal plan, we're very comfortable with where SG&A came out for the first quarter, and in context of our 1.5% to 2% increase for the year, continue to be comfortable with that. So from our standpoint, we have some difference in timing of expenses, and expenses flowed out as we anticipated. The first quarter was some positives from the weather offset by the higher store payroll we decided to run. And looking forward, we're moving up in our guidance because we anticipate continuing to spend a little bit more on store level payroll. So the percentage of growth year-over-year is higher than the range, but when we look at our plan for the year, it's right within our expectations.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we have about 40%, 45% of our vendors signed up for the program. That's when we look at the total population. We still have opportunities with a few of our larger vendors who we think there is a cost savings opportunity and win-win situation. Some of the vendors that are not candidates, an example would be, the oil manufacturers are not a great candidate to be on that program based on the size of those companies. And of the total population, we have signed up the 40% or 45%, thereabouts, gets approximately 75% full where they are in the cycle program. One thing I'd like to add is, all things being equal, just based on the flow of our business, if we didn't have the impact of vendor financing, when we go into the fourth quarter and business slows down in our industry, our AP to inventory churn slows down. So all things equal, the end of the first quarter would be a higher percentage than the end of the fourth quarter. But our expectation is that we'll continue to build the percentage even against that seasonal trend due to our vendor financing program continuing to add leverage for us.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, this is a program that we had before we bought CSK. And the finances of the CSK acquisition based on the credit markets, we had to use an asset-backed loan facility, and it really took us out of the vendor financing program. So if we look back to the first quarter of last year when we went and issued our public bond and became unsecured, that's really when we launched the program. So this headway has all been made in the last calendar -- in the last 12 months.
Thomas G. McFall: It is favorable to gross margin. I don't have -- we don't have a number here with us today to tell you the effect of our private label change from a year ago from maybe, I don't know, 29% to 1/3 it is today. It would have an impact. Our private label business generally generates a better gross profit percentage than our branded business.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, for the private label, that's a great opportunity for us to employ our vendor financing program with the manufacturer who's manufacturing those parts for us. So we would talk with those vendors, some of which are the same vendors that produce brand-name parts. So it's equal opportunity, whether it's private label or brand name.
Gregory L. Henslee: We don't get into breaking down the comps between the different types of stores we have, but we saw a good pickup in both the DIY and DIFM side of the business. The CSK commercial continues to be our highest-performing comp percentage for that sector of our business, of course.
Gregory L. Henslee: We really don't have a guess. We know that the weather was a positive because of the early spring weather. We feel like there was a lot of work done and appearance chemicals and other maintenance items that probably wouldn't have been done in March that would have typically been done in April. As far as the comp, we had a little bit of a -- through this point in the month, we have a little bit of a misalignment with our weekends, which significantly impacts our measure of comp store sales. So what I would tell you is we're right around the range that we gave for our quarterly comp, but we're comfortable with the comp guidance that we gave of 3% to 5% for the quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Part of it is the expansion of some private label lines that we want to have better coverage on. Today, the lines that we duplicate, our branded line with private label, we might have or we would have fewer SKUs in private label than what we have in the branded line. We're expanding some of those private label lines, and part of it is just the way we approach the method by which we deploy inventory. We've just seen an opportunity to improve the finance by which we deploy inventory, and we decided to use that in our new stores. And in doing that, we decided to roll that out to some of our existing stores. What we're talking about is application parts or hard parts. This would not change the way we manage our display areas.
Gregory L. Henslee: It's a mix. I think some of the private label products that we sell today are higher quality than they were a few years ago. And there's demand for those products. And because they're priced lower, during the recession, we saw good demand for those private label products.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I'll take the price optimization question, David. We're less than halfway in rolling that through our display area categories. Today, our plan is to use this software only on display area categories. But some of the things that this software does, we will apply to our back room lines over time. But we've not begun that process yet. So we're less than halfway with that rollout. I wouldn't expect a material impact on our gross margin from the remainder, but it is -- it does give us the ability to better balance our desires to drive demand on certain items with optimizing our gross margin, and that's what we're working on there. On the SG&A per store related to the new store openings, Tom, I don't know if you have a comment on that.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the majority of the private label products that we would carry in hard parts would be products that are made outside the country. But a big portion of our strategy today is to improve coverage for imported cars. And some of that coverage is being added to our private label lines and aligned in product brands that we own, and we'll continue to do that. Much of the product is directly imported by us.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, here is -- weather is -- as I said earlier, it's hard to predict the impact weather has on our business. What I can tell you is a mild summer has more of an impact on it than a mild winter. And the reason I would say that is this, in a really hot summer, car batteries bake. That's really what causes the failure, one of the primary things that causes premature failure of car batteries. A lot of times, you won't see the symptoms from a battery that's been overheated for a long period of time until the battery is loaded in cold weather. It takes more cranking amps to start a car in cold weather than it does in hot weather. So it would be hard to quantify any differences that we would potentially see based on us having a mild winter. I would say that it would be minimal. I would say the effect that we've talked about to this point has just been the pull-forward in business that we typically wouldn't have seen as early in the year as we saw this year that we wouldn't expect demand to change much. One thing that you can watch for, of course, is if we were to have a very mild summer and not a hot summer. That affects temperature control parts, air conditioners, things like that and some of the cooling system parts. So that can have an effect. But provided we have a hot summer as is predicted, I would expect demand to be good.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think at this point, we still prefer radio, although we are allocating a pretty significant portion of our budget this year to television advertising. And we also like sponsorships to sporting events, basketball, NASCAR, NHRA and a variety of other events. But radio would still be a big part of our spend. And we'll just kind of evaluate how TV does this year, this being the first year in a while we've used television, and see what we think the results and make the decision as to how we proceed next year.
Gregory L. Henslee: The answer to that would be we won't save on those expenses. Once the stores are open, we're generating those expenses. As the stores open up and their sales pickup, the impact on our SG&A percentage will diminish.
Gregory L. Henslee: That portion is true. The bigger driver is when the stores are operating, what their percent of payroll -- their sales are just building, but the expenses for the store are relatively fixed.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Our objective is to do as much business as we can at the appropriate gross margin. And while we would expect these stores over time, to have a market share that would be very similar to the historical O'Reilly stores, the differences in some of these store locations would drive us to have that business mix projection just because some of the stores that we talked over the last couple of years are in locations that wouldn't be as conducive to having robust commercial programs. So we're just giving an estimate of where we think we can get to based on some of the stores being in positions that wouldn't be as conducive to having commercial programs that would operate to the degree that many of our historical O'Reilly stores do.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we've had -- we have great support from a great vendor base. And our suppliers are working hand in hand with us to grow our business. We have a very good factory program -- or financing program that some are participating in. And we've just been very pleased with the vendor cooperation that we've had in establishing improved terms, many with use of our financing program.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Scot, what we were talking about is just we were defining how the CSK acquired stores had performed. And they did very well in the quarter on the DIY side. And we would generally reflect that side as being more impacted by miles driven because I don't think we're taking as much share on the DIY side as we are on the do-it-for-me side, the do-it-for-me side being also impacted by miles driven. So on the do-it-for-me side, we're taking a significant amount of market share. And we've had very robust growth there. So what we were talking about is just the progression of the quarter and saying that on the DIY side that we started out in January, a little bit slower in the CSK stores, and that ramped up as the quarter progressed and miles driven improved and with just good weather results, things like that. On the do-it-for-me side, we had good sales growth throughout as we continue to take market share out there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. The mitigating factor is that many of our professional customers prefer the branded products, and that side of the business is growing faster than our DIY side.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're going to add net inventory to the stores. The timing of when these rollout is impacting our average per store. But our expectations from the beginning of the year, and it's the same now, is that we will be relatively flat on a per store inventory basis.
Gregory L. Henslee: I don't think so. Some of the -- some of our main product lines, and I won't name all of them in case any of our suppliers read our transcripts. I want all of our suppliers to feel secure in our relationship, of course. Belts and hoses, filters, chassis parts, many products that we carry, we're very loyal to the suppliers and the brands that we have in place. And our customers are very pleased with those brands. So we won't go to the extent that AutoZone has in the foreseeable future on private labels. But we will continue to augment our existing private label program with additional coverage, and we may possibly change some product lines to a more private label-dominant position, whereas today, we have more of a branded dominant position.
Gregory L. Henslee: For most part, that's correct. And the other advantage, of course, is that it gives us better control over the coverage that we have. If a certain supplier that we're aligned with doesn't provide coverage for a certain array of vehicles and the market that we're in, that may have an unusual vehicle population with private label, we're able to source those products and put them in our private label and provide coverage for that market. Whereas with a branded product where you might not have as much national coverage for the vehicles that might exist in all the niche market, it might not make sense for them to carry those products. So it gives us more flexibility.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're working to accomplish that. Our strategy is to run ads that would be for items or maintenance processes that a customer would do most frequently, run those at a price that would cause the consumer to come to our store, hopefully customers that maybe haven't come to our store before and hopefully decide that they like the location and our people become our customer. So our strategy is to try and drive more traffic. And I think we were reasonably successful with doing that in the first quarter. And we had solid DIY comps as a result. And we'll continue to execute a strategy similar to that as appropriate. And of course, by doing this and by having maybe a little sharper price on some of these items, we don't run them for as long a period of time, which allows us to maybe not take as much of a margin hit for customers that were coming into our store to buy products anyway and then just realize when they're in our store that we have an item at a great price. So we're trying to employ a strategy that we benefit from the traffic but not the erosion of margin -- or not taking the hit for the erosion of margin for the length of time that we had previously ran these kinds of ads.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we hope for the latter but know some are the former. That's very hard to measure. And we're trying to put in place programs that will give us a better method to measure that through customer identification, customer loyalty programs, things that give you a way to ID a DIY customer when they make a transaction at your store and you can kind of measure that better. Today, we don't have a good measurement of that, or at least as good a measurement of that as we would like, but we are in the process of implementing programs that would allow us to better measure that.
Gregory L. Henslee: We're definitely seeing some inflation in categories, especially oil-based and some of the commodities, so that's driving part of it. Probably about half is continued shift to more hard parts and less accessories, so about half and half.
Gregory L. Henslee: Actually, month by month, we were pretty consistent throughout the quarter. May took a little bit of a dip. And then June popped back up. But there really is not enough difference to really call out 1 month as being a much larger month than the other. So we have pretty consistent comparisons through the 3 months of the second quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: It would be a guess at best. We look at our sales by category. And clearly, some of the categories that you would logically think would be categories that could be positively impacted by mild weather coming out of the spring that you would typically see growth in the spring weather, those categories did well. So we would expect that there was some pull-forward in those categories. But to quantify them would be very difficult.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think in January, it's probably a little bit of a negative and then more of a positive in mid-February to March. January was kind of a mild winter weather, but spring wasn't here yet, so we were kind of in that in between zone. And of course, our business benefits from extremes, although the demand for parts and products always comes around. If a battery is going to fail and it doesn't fail, it's on the edge of failing and we don't have a 3, 0-degree nights in a row that would cause it to show the symptom that it's failed, it's going to fail in a couple of 3 months or something. It's not going to last another year because it didn't get to 0 degrees for 3 nights in a row. So sometimes the demand might be deferred because of weather, but I don't think that weather plays a long-term role in demand for products in our business.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, thanks for everyone's attendance on our call this morning. We were happy to report solid results in our first quarter, and we'll look forward to reporting good results to you at the end of our second quarter. Thank you very much.
