Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's call, we will discuss our third quarter 2022 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2021 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, Greg thanks for the question. I think really when we think about that it's versus our expectations as we kind of move through the year, and those factor and the comparisons were up against. So, we've just been in this unique environment where you really do have to look at kind of two-year, three-year performance. So what we'd say is its up kind of on that basis the nominal comps do move around just based upon the comparisons.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Chris, I don't know that we really would view it that optimistically. We're always going to work with our supplier base to ensure that we're walking a lockstep with any relief from pressure that they've seen from an input cost perspective. A lot of what we've seen so far over the course of the last year plus, has been driven by several factors, including raw materials costs, wage rates, pressures, obviously from freight that our suppliers have seen in. And we're always going to work to be sure that we're realizing appropriate reductions in rolling back cost increases where we can. But we're pretty cautious in building any expectation that that's going to be a significant helper for us as we move forward. Obviously we'll see and we'll see that play out. We do feel very confident that to whatever degree that we do see any relief on the cost side that the industry will be able to maintain those selling prices. That's certainly our intent. We'll, obviously, see how that plays out as well, but some of these cost increases are probably around the stay.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, Chris, I think the best way to look at that is just really what we called out positive good guys last year. We still have a headwind in the fourth quarter. It softens up a little bit. For us now, it's really more a function of as the cost environment moves around, how quickly and seem can you be sure to adjust prices. Sometimes we're out ahead. Other times we're just in line. But the more significant comparison headwinds for how we would have looked prior to when our LIFO credit foot back will largely be behind us after fourth quarter, a little bit less than fourth quarter and then first quarter and next year a little bit less than that.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. The one thing maybe I would caution on that Simeon is as you think about those being headwinds, we've worked I think appropriately and aggressively to stay out in front of those pressures as we passed along in pricing really since the middle of last year. Our approach has always been from a pricing perspective to highly scrutinize anything we see from our suppliers to make sure that we're making them provide the right justification for taking -- for sending a cost increase through to us. And then often we've got some ability to hold off the impact of that through the course of the negotiations that we've had and not see it for a month or two. And then you couple that with really during the tail end of last year we also had some supply chain delays that push those costs back further. So, that's given us ample opportunity. We feel like to be sure that by the time we really see the impact of that we've already started to float those prices to the Street. So, I think for us they maybe have not created the same level of headwinds that because of just our approach in doing that that you might otherwise expect.
Jeremy Fletcher: Michael, it's Jeremy. Thanks. There are a lot of questions within that question. So just maybe you want to take a little bit of a step back. We haven't – obviously, haven't guided to 2023 yet in – we're in a unique situation where there continue to be cost impact – cost inflation impacts, pricing inflation that are being passed through. I think what we would tell you is we'll see where that where that flattens out or what it does. I think for us, our expectation is if we see modest inflation or we see more elevated inflation that we will continue to be able to effectively pass that through to our customers. And that becomes very rational and relatively inelastic. So to whatever degree that we see that, any relief from that type of pressure. I don't know that we would say that we think it bounces back. For us from a broader perspective, we think that the automotive aftermarket is in just from an industry perspective in pretty good shape and have an expectation that the prospects for our industry in general grow and for all the things that Greg talked about within his prepared comments the vehicle fleet dynamics that miles driven I think continue to recover and be positive the incredible value proposition for consumers to invest in their existing vehicles. Those things we all feel like will be a positive and where that shakes out for the pieces of what drives the comp. We think that that's helpful. And then we continue to think that we have the ability to grow our share. That's always been our approach and we will aggressively pursue that.
Jeremy Fletcher: No, Scot, I don't know that we pointed out any real fundamental differences to what we do. Brad talked about it earlier, the keys to success -- and it was in our prepared comments, the keys success on the professional side of our business, are helping our customer partners run a more profitable business. So the things that we do to be sure that we're the best partner with our customers are the same things we've talked about for a long time. I think for us, continuing to push inventory availability, the investments that Brad talked about in the script in terms of what we've added stores this year, continue improvements in supply chain. I think those have helped us reap some of the benefit too. But this is a blocking and tackling business.
Brad Beckham: Yeah, Greg, I think you're thinking about it the right way. We're seeing similar inflation benefits when we think about SKU level, year-over-year when you exclude the specific strategic moves that we've made on the professional side of our business. That's the largest driver of the strength that we've seen in average ticket. Average ticket always has other components to it as well. And we think on the professional side just because of the success of what we've seen in the Pro pricing initiative, we've we benefited from growing our average ticket beyond just price that we've seen. But -- so that's probably a little bit of a helper. But we continue to view both sides very favorably, given the ability to pass through cost increases really very effectively all year long.
Brad Beckham: Sorry, Bret. Just real quick I'll just back up what Brent said maybe from the Street and from the sales and store operations standpoint. Brent hit it pretty good. But we're basically -- we're pleased especially in some categories that we needed to get better we got better. We have a few that we still have some work to do, but really just from a competitive landscape Bret, we feel like our large competitors, they're great competitors that we always say we have tremendous respect for. They've done a good job. We hope we've done as good or better, but we are feeling like there's some share gains maybe against some of the smaller players for sure.
Brad Beckham: Bret, there's a potential that it could work out that way. It's I think going to be determined a little bit by -- more broadly in the market where it hits. Those rates have more of a relative impact supplier to supplier than maybe some of the other things that go into the cost of providing the products that we buy in some won't have the same pressure that others may have. And so I think competitively you'll see some ability to push back on some of those. And in other instances they will flow through. We we're obviously active in those conversations and will work. There'll probably be some equilibrium that gets stuck at some point. But in the greener scheme of things, I think it is a part of how we think about acquisition costs. Some of the other things that Brent identified are obviously the bigger drivers. And we -- our views on that is that we do expect it to continue to stay around for a while.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Michael, Greg said it pretty well. Really what we saw in our testing as we mentioned I think both after we rolled it out in the last quarter is we saw some immediate impact but we also saw a delayed impact. And to answer your question directly as Greg did, yes we do feel like there's a building effect for sure. Kind of what we see Michael, just maybe at the street level is, if you have a really big repair shop in a particular market that has bought from an independent maybe on the traditional side of the business for a couple of decades. And maybe we're second or third or fourth call even. Just because we lower our price to be a lot more competitive with that two-step independent competitor, that doesn't mean that they just start buying from us the day after we call on them. It means that what may happen, if we combine our pricing with the best team in town, the best service, the best availability and sense of urgency and everything that goes along with the relationship then what happens is, we may just move up the call list. We may move from fourth to third and third to second. And then, it can be a month later, it could be six months later, it could be a year later, if one of our independent competitors, for example, drops the ball, that could be the time that we moved from second to first. So, there's some immediate impact, but there's also that building effect.
Brad Beckham: Yes Scott, I think that's a hard comparison to try. The dynamics are just are just different. It's definitely a ramp. But I think the best way to guide you on that from our perspective, those are harder and gain. So they're incremental improvements that build over time, they're not huge level of stepped up. So to Brent's point, we think that that will continue to get a little bit better as we move through that. And then at some point, I think we'll have realized the benefit of it. But to try to make the same analogy, I think it's a little bit tough.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Scott, this is Brad. I just want to real quick add nothing new, Jeremy said it best, blocking and tackling. We work in a simple business. It's not easy, but it's simple. And really, we had our regional managers from the field into Springfield last month. And our focus was on our fundamental execution. That didn't start in that meeting. But really all year, our battle cry from our EVP of Stores Doug Bragg has been, we're going to get out of the COVID funk and not accept where we may have high turnover in stores, high team member turnover, high store manager turnover, that's just not acceptable with the way we built our business, getting out seeing more customers, not having that excuse that unfortunately we made for ourselves the last couple of years, that we're just getting back to the execution that built our company and making sure that we don't have that hangover from COVID and everything we do.
Greg Johnson: Greg, we really haven't seen anything material that stands out. We look at this very closely, both on a consolidated basis and category by category. And where we have seen movement, either up or down, it's really been more a result of supplier performance and inventory availability. Trading across brands of oil for example or up and down the value perspective for both our proprietary brands and national brands.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Yes, Chris. I think, you're thinking about this right. As we called out, we were pleased with our third quarter performance. We're pleased with quarter-to-date through October without a doubt. The challenge we have is the unknowns and the volatility. And frankly, the challenges that we may very well experienced in the back half of the quarter. When you look at fourth quarter, we always worry about weather, volatility you layer on the volatility in fuel prices, you layer beyond the weather just the uncertainty of the consumer and what they're going to do. And frankly, Chris, we just haven't seen an inflationary environment around the holidays in many, many years. And the holidays are always a wildcard in the fourth quarter as well. You layer on the inflation component. Those are all the reasons we're cautious in our outlook for the fourth quarter.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Simeon I think that's fair. As we came into this year, just from a purely comparison standpoint, we had expected moderation really in the third quarter and fourth quarter from that year-over-year benefit. As we move through the year, we've had continued incremental cost increases we've passed them through. As you know, it's benefited our top line. I think that's been pretty rational. And because of that we end up with more of a positive for that than we would have expected. And we'll see where the rest of the year plays out I think versus where we would have thought at the beginning of the year that year-over-year pressure won't be as significant in the fourth quarter there's still some extent to where it's there. Moving forward, we'll see -- I think our caution is on an expectation that we're going to see dramatic rollbacks that match some level of the volume or magnitude that we've seen since really the middle of 2021. We don't anticipate that. Hopefully we'll work to get some of the cost improvements moved down. But from a pricing to the Street perspective, we would continue to expect that to be resilient to market to be rational and for that not to change.
Greg Johnson: And Simeon one other thing maybe to add on that topic. As you think about growth in our proprietary brands and our offering across good better best in those brands we're able to further diversify that supplier base than we are a national supplier base. So that kind of speaks to some of the point Jeremy just made as well if you think about it that way.
Greg Johnson: Yes Michael, just to add to that, we remain very bullish on both the industry as a whole, as I said in my prepared comments and our ability to continue to take market share. I don't want anyone to think that our growth this year has been purely the result of inflation or price inflation. We feel very confident that we're taking market share on both sides of the business and we'll continue to do so into 2023.
Greg Johnson: Yes Scot, I want to add to that. Let's keep in mind that pricing is only one component of market share growth and it's a smaller component than execution service level inventory availability and we continue to focus on those items as well to ensure market share growth. It's a lot more than just the pricing piece.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Scot, the only thing I might add to that is, we've been able to get back to a lot of our in-person relationship type things with supplier customers. Our training programs are back fully in place. Some of the things that we haven't been able to do because of the pandemic, we're back to doing day-in and day-out. That's probably helped from a relationship and strengthening perspective.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Vanessa. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in the third quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February. Thank you.
