Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Ali. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2023 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Brent. I would also like to thank Team O'Reilly for their hard work and the outstanding professionalism as they deliver excellent customer service every day. Now we will cover some additional details on our first quarter results and guidance for the remainder of 2023. For the quarter, sales increased $412 million driven by a 10.8% increase in comparable store sales, and a $68 million non-comp contribution from stores in 2022 and 2023 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2023, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $15.2 billion to $15.5 billion. Brent covered our gross margin performance and guidance already, but I would like to remind everyone that we view our reported GAAP gross margin as the best measurement of our gross margin performance and do not view the normal application of LIFO as a discrete charge in the evaluation of gross margin. The comparison headwind in first quarter of 2023 resulting from the $10 million LIFO benefit recognized in the first quarter of 2022 is unique to our first quarter comparisons, and we will not have a discrete LIFO impact for the remainder of 2023. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 23.7% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 0.6% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter 2022 rate of 23.9% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 0.4% benefit from share-based compensation. Our first quarter effective tax rate was in line with our expectations. For the full year of 2023, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 22.9%, comprised of a base rate of 23.4% reduced by a benefit of 0.5% from share-based compensation. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the quarter of 2023 was $486 million versus $579 million for the first quarter of 2022 with the decrease driven by higher capital expenditures in 2023 versus the prior year. For 2023, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. Moving on to debt; we finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.96 times, which is up compared to our end of 2022 ratio of 1.84 times with the increase driven by borrowings on our revolving credit facility. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares at an average share price of $819.06 for a total investment of $1.1 billion. Subsequent to the end of the quarter and through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 0.2 million shares at an average share price of $864.44 for a total investment of $137 million. The excise tax on share repurchases that was implemented as part of the Inflation Reduction Act became effective for all share repurchases beginning January 1, 2023, and is assessed at 1% of the aggregate fair market value of net share repurchases. We incurred $11.1 million in excise tax during the first quarter, which is reflected directly in our balance sheet and retained earnings. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price inclusive of the current excise tax cost is supported by the discounted expected future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, the EPS guidance outlined by Greg earlier includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to again thank the entire O'Reilly team for their commitment to our customers and our company. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Ali, the operator to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeremy Fletcher: Hi. Good morning, Chris. This is Jeremy. Great question. I wish we had a real definitive answer on the DIY side of the business. Some of that, we're just going to – we'll have to wait to see how maybe some others talk about it. We think more broadly speaking, over several quarters, our teams have been executing well and we've had opportunities and we think that we're a share gainer on a net balance on any given quarter on the DIY side of our business. And to be fair like we think that there's share that we should be gaining. We think there's entitlement out there that we haven't addressed and need to continue to work to get our fair share of the marketplace. In a quarter like first quarter, it's a little bit more challenging. Obviously, there is volatility on that side of our business from the perspective of spring, and those are things that we can pay attention and watch pretty closely, but feel good given what we could see just in the daily, weekly reports from the weather that we saw rolled in, the DIY was solid for us in the first quarter. On the professional side of the business, Brad has talked to it already. In some respects, we are absolutely picking up share there. And more fragmented on that side, hard to identify where it has been, but really think that a lot of the things that Brad pointed to, for sure, the momentum we gained last year with the professional pricing, but now even more how exceptionally our teams are executing against that and in providing great service. We think that that's just – that's a function of our business model and the great team we've got running our business well.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Greg, I wouldn't say that the ticket counts are necessarily positive from an ongoing trend stability standpoint. I want to parse too closely into just a few weeks here in April as it relates to that. Our full year expectation is that we would see kind of net on balance, a little bit of pressure on the DIY ticket counts that would reflect in our guidance. And so just maybe around your specific question for us that we did see the DIY business rebound in April. Now for sure, some of that we interpret cautiously the first really nice week in the spring or week in spring hit us in April, and there's some of that, that we carried over out of first quarter and picked it up there. But feel good that, that's kind of stabilized at this stage and really haven't changed our outlook or expectations for the balance of the year from a DIY perspective.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. No, Greg, really, the only change there from our beginning of the year outlook, which was a range of 4 to 4.5, is as sales did exceed our expectations in the first quarter. We have some incremental costs associated with that, especially on the professional side of the business. We're running more trucks out for more hours, those types of things. And then in addition to that, just some of the incentive pressures there. So most of what we would attribute that small change is the sales are running a little bit better than what we would have expected and would plan to be above midpoint there, but we have kept that operating profit guide where it's at and the per store spend is really just reflective of that.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Bret, great question. This is Jeremy. We are excited about the inroads that we have made in the Northeast. We entered there originally in 2012 with the acquisition of VIP, and then we bought Bond a few years later and opened our distribution center in Boston. So we're kind of closing the gap to those markets that we haven't been in already. I think as much as anything, we've been excited about the teams and the culture we've been able to both inhere from our acquisitions, but also grow from as a platform in those markets. So, very attractive for us. We are cautious on how aggressively we pursue any individual market. One of the benefits that we have with our large footprint is we can continue to grow really across that footprint. And that helps us to be able to identify the strong store teams that we need to be successful in our growth, and that's true up in the Northeast as well. But we've been aggressively working to acquire the properties that we'll need and to work to build the teams. And you'll continue to see our growth up there and get to a level of density. I think it's going to be consistent with a lot of our markets.
Jeremy Fletcher: Hey, Zack, thanks for the questions. Good questions. We haven't really quantified what we think the net impact is. As Brad mentioned, it was – March was a little bit of a mixed bag for us, and different markets performed differently. And for us, it's a fairly tight window to hone in on, especially as we've seen some recovery here in April. As we work through the balance of the remainder of the year, I think, for us maybe specifically, we've got some easier comparisons on the DIY side in the first and second quarter just as we think about that look for the rest of the year just because of the – some of the gas price and other economic pressures that the industry saw in the first half of last year. And then for us, especially as we finish out the fourth quarter on DIY, we saw some really strong results good end to our year last year. So some of that comparison will impact us. From a broader industry perspective, I think on balance, we would say we feel like we're at least as close back to normalize as we can probably perceive from all the volatility that we saw through the pandemic. What does that mean for the industry moving forward? I think we'll continue to see the long-term secular impact from just the improved engineering and manufacturing of parts and the impact that that has on service intervals and the pressure that we've talked about, us and others have talked about for years on that side of our business. But we're kind of cautious around the rest of the outlook. For the industry, we are very positive in terms of how the vehicle dynamics, and Greg and Brent talked about on the call, the vehicle dynamics continue to be strong for our industry. That's a positive for us, and I think that continues to bode well. But obviously, we're, like others, we'll have to wait to see what the broader economy does and what puts and takes that looks like. But I feel good about the overall trajectory for us on the DIY business.
Jeremy Fletcher: Zach great question. We sometimes get a lot smarter in the rearview mirror as to how all the rest of the industry performs. I think we'll wait to see some of the data that's out there. We think the industry is strong. I mean, we talked about some of the factors that, I think, contribute to that. And so for sure, we believe that it's a very positive backdrop for us. We are very pleased with our professional business and the gains that we've made. And frankly, we know how hard those gains come. It's a service and relationship business. Loyalty is an important thing. When you have an opportunity to execute well for our customer, it's meaningful. When you fail on the execution, it's even more meaningful. So for us, we view what we've been able to accomplish is very sticky because of really the excellent execution that our teams have been able to deliver as we've had opportunity to over the last couple of years.
Jeremy Fletcher: Michael, one more thing that I would add there and maybe back to your specific question; when we think about just generally flow through on the SG&A side, for sure, we're – we spent a little bit more in the first quarter than we expected, and Brad talked about that. But that was really what we saw on the sales side and what we needed to do to support that. As we think about just more broadly the flow through that's really more heavily impacted by the investments that we're making this year that we talked about on our last call that we're executing against this year. I think that in combination with our leadership conference is more of an impact than just the incremental costs to support our sales, which did drive how we think about the full year, but the bigger year-over-year is what we've been talking about.
Jeremy Fletcher: So Michael, what we would say on the first part of that question, we don't provide guidance beyond the current year. And we will continue to invest in our business over the long-term, that's an important part of what we do. But as we've talked about 2023 and the investments we are making and some of these things that we'll see in SG&A and the fact that we have some plain [ph] new leverage because of that, we absolutely don't expect that we would not lever SG&A on strong sales growth as we move forward in the future. That's part of where we're at. There is an opportunity that we see now that we think that has a longer-term payoff for us, and we'll continue to approach that. But we're going to do that whenever we see opportunities to do that. We in reference to your sales question, we have some structural things that we've talked about that make comparisons easier in the first half of the year. Certainly, we were pleased with our performance in the first quarter, but we try not to overreact to the first few months of the year knowing we've got a lot of year left. And we'll have to see how the summer selling season plays out.
Brad Beckham: Hi. Good morning, Scot. This is Brad. Hey, I'll take the kind of the first part of your question there on professional. As you know our business, we're really excited about – really a lot of things that Brent talked about. Me speaking from the store side of the house and looking at our supply chain, we're just incredibly proud of the way that our supply chain teams have found resolve over this last year and the last many years. And to Brent's point, we're in a better in-stock and ship rate percentage as we've been in a long time. And I can speak for our store operators and our sales team just that that's just an incredible accomplishment and was a large part of what drove our – what we feel like our share gains in our top line, especially on the professional side of the business, that being such a high service, high touch side of the business. And so yes, supply chain, continued execution on properly staffing our stores, getting the customer service out there calling on those customers. Just all the tools that come out of our toolbox that we talk all the time, we feel really good and are really excited about how we started the year from a professional standpoint. And Scot, on the pricing side of it, as you know, we've talked for basically a year now that we've lapped this thing, we've lapped pro price initiative. We feel really good about that investment we made just over a year ago. But as we've talked for several quarters now that – that was a one-time decision. We felt like we had an opportunity to move our overall matrix down to a point that we could really – felt like we were really competing better with the two-step competitors, the independent competitors that kind of by historical have been somewhat cheaper than us in some of our retail and larger close-end competitors. So we feel really good about what we did. But around here, it's kind of back to business as usual. We've lapped this thing. It's in the past and we have no plans for a second round.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hey Bret, this is Brad. Really, we were fairly pleased overall with how consistent most every market performed. As you can imagine, you've heard from others in red, there's obviously some pressure more on the DIY side on the West Coast. Some of that rolled in a little bit to the center part of the country. But honestly, even though there was puts and takes, the puts and takes kind of changed per geography based upon what the weather was doing, especially on the DIY side on the weekends specifically. So it kind of moved around a little bit. And really surprisingly, even for March where we had the most pressure, there wasn't just huge swings. There was just a little bit more pressure broad-based. And as you know, we don't have quite the concentration of stores that some do in the true Northeast or New England. But overall, really our northern markets performed pretty well.
Brad Beckham: No matter what the macro does as you know, our teams are always focused on taking DIY share. We still have a tremendous opportunity on the DIY side. We have a lot of great competitors doing a lot of retail business. And so though there is some pressure overall, the outlook is positive on the whole. But I feel even better about our prospects at O'Reilly because of our ability to take market share.
Brad Beckham: Hi. Good morning, Michael. It's Brad. I'll take a stab. A lot of assumptions there, but I probably jump to really your question specifically about kind of where it's coming from and customer type, competitor type, and so I may start out just on the customer front. As you know, with that gap in footprint that we talked about earlier on the call kind of between Washington D.C. and up to, through New York City, we still don't have a big book of national or strategic account business. We have a lot of regional-type service providers that are outstanding customers, and we have second, third, fourth call with some of the big national service providers. But really, when we look at our book of business and our – by customer types, it's coming from a lot of places but primarily the independent garage. There's obviously some on the national and regional accounts side, but it's not one big move in one area to your question directly. It's a lot of small moves moving from third call to second from second to first. And we're just – we feel like that is extremely sustainable, and we're really proud of the way we've been able to build that the right way. When you ask about SG&A there, what I would say is there's no doubt, we started the year fully committed to making sure that we had our back counter staffed, our professional parts people making sure that we have efficiencies in the back of the store, that obviously is an investment. It's an investment to keep our small vehicles rolling to the Hot Shot delivery to the shops. As you know well, we talk a lot about getting the car off the rack and making sure that we're safe, we're very efficient in the way that we route deliveries. So we're turning those bays and helping these people retain good technicians and all those things. So no doubt, all those things that are investment from an SG&A standpoint. Michael, as you can imagine when retail gets a little bit softer in a month like March; could our operators have scaled back a little bit from a payroll standpoint? Sure, they could have but it may or may not have been the right thing to do for the rest of the year in the mid- and long-term when it comes to our customer service levels. And so part of that was when the business pulled back a little bit there in March is we kept our pedal down to keep those service levels top notch, and we feel like that will pay off for the remainder of the year.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hi, Simeon its Brad. I'll take the first part of your question. I may kick it over to Brent for the latter part. On customer segments, I talked a little bit a minute ago just about not necessarily anything materially changed on the national or the strategic account side. We continue to feel like we're earning the business every day with some of the regional-type service providers. But just on the – really the core of our business, which is the independent garage, we're seeing a little bit of both. We're seeing new customers. We're seeing existing customers move forward. We were mature enough in most all our markets where there isn't just flat out brand new customers that we weren't on the call list somewhere. It's just a matter of moving from fourth to third, third to second and second to first like we talk about all the time. So combination, but it would be more so just continuing to take more share, delivery vehicle that had a total job versus in the past, we may have been us and a competitor delivering a split job. We see a lot of opportunity with getting those full jobs and we feel like that's happening.
Brent Kirby: Yes. Hi, Chris. This is Brent. And just really to kind of tag on to what Jeremy and Brad have already said, really when you think about our business and how we go to market, whether it's on the professional side or the retail side, it's really first and foremost, is three ingredients, right? It's service, it's parts availability and price is the third. And what we saw and what we felt really good about in this quarter was the level of service and execution that our teams were delivering out there. In terms of product availability and in-stock, we've talked about that. It's gotten progressively better over the last 12 months. We've seen suppliers continue to get healthier, and we've seen them finally be the healthiest they've been in several years, which has obviously helped contribute to our position. But we've also been aggressive like we talked about in terms of our investment in inventory and how we use it across – we have a tier distribution model with a big DC footprint, a big hub store footprint. And really the placement of that inventory and our ability to get the part there quicker than our competition is really what helps us win there. So it's as much about supplier availability as it is our execution and how we deploy that inventory across our network of stores and DCs. In terms of freight cost, we – and acquisition cost on product, we've continued to see some international transportation costs come down even some to pre-COVID levels. Domestic transportation, they'll have some inflationary factor to it. That's something to consider. We have a lot of suppliers that have raw material cost pressure, labor cost pressure, different things like that. So that's one of the reasons we remain cautious there. We're always going to do everything we can to bring the best cost of goods into our model and compete effectively. But that's how I would wrap it up for you in terms of your question.
Brent Kirby: Yes you know that's something we watch very closely, Greg. And honestly, we have not seen that. I know some retailers are talking about that. We've actually seen a slight gravitation from the better to the best, believe it or not. And again, we think that's probably just the strength of the offering and consumers wanting quality when they have to repair their vehicle. But we've not seen any material evidence of any trade down at this point.
Brent Kirby: Yes. Liz, this is Brent. I'll start and then maybe some others can jump in. But I think, again, tribute to our merchandise team and really, just to be clear, too, proprietary brands have grown exponentially over the last several years. We're proud of that, proud of the quality we've been able to put in the box, working with suppliers on those products and really just building good line designs with good, better, best offerings across those lines. And we've seen a lot of strength there. The other thing though I want to reinforce is really, our branding strategy is a mix of quality proprietary brands as well as well-known national brands. And we go-to-market with both. And we have some national brands that we're very proud of, very proud we have in-house and certainly want to keep in-house because we know customers seek those brands as well. So, we really seek a balanced approach. Customers are obviously – they're looking for value, and they're looking for availability, first and foremost. And we've been able to bring that to our proprietary brand lines. In terms of – we don't really specifically talk about penetration by DIY and by professional specifically. I will tell you, though, our professional customers use and believe in our proprietary brands, and in many cases, are huge promoters of them because they see the quality and the value in those brands. And Brad can speak to that better than I can. But we see those adoption of those equally well across both DIY and professional customers. 
Brent Kirby: Yes. And Simeon, this is Brent. On the second half of your question regarding Import Direct, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Import Direct and our offering there. And we continue doing coverage of it, and we continue to see customers continue to penetrate that brand. So very happy there and feel like we compete well.
Greg Johnson: Hey Bret, this is Greg. I mean, to speak to the DC question specifically, obvious – excuse me, obviously, with growth in that market and just the growth that we've experienced over the past couple of years, the really unplanned growth, we are looking very hard at our DC capacity and our DC infrastructure. And we've talked about opening the DC in Mexico to support our growth down there. We're also looking across the country as a whole and where we have capacity issues in the Northeast is one of those markets. And we'll continue to evaluate those markets and enhance our DC presence as needed to continue to support our growth.
Greg Johnson: Hey Liz, this is Greg. Just to add to that, I would say that the shift in the growth of proprietary brands is it's intentional. Proprietary brands give us the ability to leverage multiple suppliers, mitigate risk, help us better control cost of those products and the quality of products that are in the box. And don't forget that a few of our proprietary brands that we're calling proprietary brands today were national brands a few years ago. So we continue to look for opportunities to take those national brand names that we now own as proprietary brands and spread them across additional categories. So we're very pleased with the performance of our proprietary brands, as Brent said on both sides of our business.
Greg Johnson: And we are intending in some categories with the branded international type products as well, as well as some of those well-known branded suppliers are in our Import Direct boxes in some cases as well.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Ali. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in the first quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
