Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Doug Fox: Thank you and again thank you for joining us today. I want to let you know that our next regularly scheduled quarterly call will be on August 6 and with that on behalf of the Zebra Management team. Thank you for joining us today.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra's strong first quarter results demonstrate the success of our strategies to drive profitable growth. Our investments in product innovation, emerging technologies, channel development and geographic expansion of making Zebra more strategic to more customers in new ways. Our business diversity, the global strength of the Zebra brand a sustainable competitive advantages we continue to possess, would enable us to extend our industry leadership. We see multiple avenues for growth and high returns, as we diversify and expand our business to leverage opportunities from emerging technology trends. Through the acquisition of Motorola's Enterprise business. We will have the ability to offer smart solutions, enabling companies to identify, track and manage their assets, transactions and people. These emerging technologies include data sensing, tracking and capturing devices that transmission of those resulting data streams via a secure wireless and wireline network, flexible cloud based application platforms and big data analytics to mind the data streams for actionable business insights. Looking ahead, the new Zebra will be a clear leader at the forefront of innovation in Enterprise Asset Intelligence Solutions. With an extensive R&D platform and a significant patent portfolio. Our expertise in RFID technologies now with enterprise computing, scanning, specialty printing, wireless LAN and location solutions will not only give us scale in procurement, manufacturing and logistics. It will vastly expand our distribution reach and deepen our network of value added channel partners. All of this will come together, within a global organization that has a deep history of well established brands and innovation. Finally, the great diversity of our business. Our financial strength and continued industry leadership provide us the resiliency to pursue multiple growth opportunities and our recent investments are critical high return activities that helps Zebra penetrate existing markets more deeply, as well as expand our presence in new exciting areas of growth. All of this gives us great confidence and optimism in Zebra's future. Thank you for your attention today. We look forward to providing you with regular updates on our progress through 2014. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll take the first part of that and then I'll hand it over Mike Terzich for that follow-up. So Q1 was a very good quarter for us overall in North America, with a strong run rate business, but it was very much complimented by large deal activity, which have has really ramped up over the last three quarters for us. North America is the most diverse region we have, so from a vertical perspective. We saw particular strength in retail, T&L and healthcare and when we look forward. I guess, we've – we see more of the same. We have good momentum in the business today. The pipeline for large deal continues to look very healthy and the run rate is performing very well also. So now, Mike Terzich.
Anders Gustafsson: I think there is lots of growth opportunities in North America and in the international markets. So the market share of Hart's approach of more of a self-service inventory solution is still pretty low. So there's lots of opportunities to go after the more traditional heavier workforce implementations that most retailers use and there's been good progress on couple of nice wins in the first quarter and some good pilots that they're doing. If you think just about, the whole omni-channel activity for instance that's a big driver for having greater inventory accuracy. So more and more retailers are looking to be able to ship customer's orders, customer request from any store or from any warehouse. So having then, when you're taking a order and do that you've got to have more confidence that you have accurate view of your in-store inventory or warehouse inventory. So that's something that's Hart very much helps retailers do. So I see this as a market which is still very low penetration and it plays to some strong secular trends in retail.
Anders Gustafsson: But Hart will be a little less than it would not be as much as 50% at a gross margin that is less than that.
Anders Gustafsson: So I'll start again and then ask Mike to provide some more detail color, but I think similar to – how we answered the previous question. The diversity of our business is really helping us. We are seeing strong performance, strong pipeline for I will say all regions and all verticals. So this is not a one vertical, one region type of thing. This is very much demonstrating, the broad strength of our business. The price points and margin outlook we have, I think our business tend to be quite steady. We are very disciplined in our pricing approach. So we don't expect that to be any material difference in pricing or margins based on the larger deals.
Anders Gustafsson: Well it's probably a little early to start talking about the specific investment profiles, different parts of the organization will have, but from an integration perspective I feel we're where we expect to be being three weeks into this transaction, actually it's three weeks today since we announced it, right? The point of Mike Terzich was on the phone to be the Lead Integration Officer, he has very good experience – long experience with us obviously and but also been the champion for our relationship with Motorola for many years. We've started to ramp all the activities around – integration management office. We've had a number of meetings with our combined teams [indiscernible]. We've identified the functional team leaders toward the different work streams that we have to perform. We are largely done populating those teams with the individuals, who will do the work and we are now in the process of scoping – the actual work streams all the things we have to do there. So early in the process, but I feel good about where we are. I think we are on target and I would say also since we have had such long history with Motorola and it's very complimentary solution set. The working teams are – they know each other well. There's lot of comfort with getting along, so I would say it's -- all the working teams are getting along very well and working well together based on having a good familiarity with each other. And Mike, maybe a few extra words from you.
Mike Smiley: That was for – the difference would be for Hart. So we had about $12 million of revenue for Hart that we didn't have a year ago.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Right. Okay, so $12 million and so the growth in North America of 29% given Hart is, I guess it's about 90% in North America. Maybe more the – you had high-teen, maybe 17%, 18%, organic revenue growth in North America.
Mike Smiley: Just a little bit of refresher, then I'll turn back to Anders to talk about just as a basically half of Hart's revenue comes in the first quarter of the year so, as we go forward Hart will become less significant in quarters two through four, but this being sort of significant. We called it out a little bit more in our call and I think Anders can talk a little bit about the growth opportunities.
Mike Smiley: Well, I don't know that it'd be 50%, but I can tell you the gross margin. Again we had about roughly $12 million of revenue from Hart. The gross margin on Hart is meaningfully higher than the company average. So on $12 million it helps, it doesn't certainly explain everything. We also had the higher volumes. We are able to spread more of our overhead over greater number of units, so I would call that better absorption. I will also say, our operations team basically hit on all cylinders this quarter really performing extremely well. They've been investing a fair amount of time and energy in projects that help us to run that part of the business better. We are not planning for exceptional performance every quarter and I think our second quarter gross margin forecast sort of gives ourselves something a little bit closer to the average, but we certainly performed extremely well in the first quarter and the other piece is obviously benefitted a little bit from foreign exchange. So those of you, Hart better absorption lower overhead and then foreign exchange or it's sort of the four primary drivers that we point to.
Mike Smiley: Mike this is Smiley. By the way, so when you look at it again the three large customers I think you're referring to our distributors and when you sort of add the three up, they're about the same percentage sales for the top three about the same as they were a year ago. Although, there has been some mix change between them. I don't know, if you want me your color going.
Mike Smiley: Well that's a number, we announced the transaction three weeks ago and so we are putting that together right now. We really don't have as good a visibility into that as we need as we're trying to put together the right teams and resource, to make sure we're effective, so we are working through that right now, we don't have any better color to give you.
Mike Smiley: This is Mike Smiley one last comment. I think, one reason I like this business, this is the fairly stable almost like an annuity type business, which again supports the stability of our cash flows that does makes, one of the reasons makes Zebra feel very attractive or be very attractive.Andrew Spinola – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's great, thanks very much.
Mike Terzich: Okay, Brian. Just a couple added points what Anders articulated here. In North America we enjoyed a particularly strong quarter in the retail, the large deal activity has come back. I think retail has been somewhat on the sidelines over the last couple of years. there's a been a lot, a lot of stuff going on in the retail dynamics from a project perspective, but there's a quite a few projects that have been put back into play. Healthcare as Anders noted and I think the other piece to this is. Historically, we've been seeing some refresh rates in North America. This is probably been the market, where when you go back 2008, 2009. When things kind of reset after the economic challenges of that period. North America was still the one market that I think has been a little absent some of those refresh cycle. We may have actually the refresh cycle at some point and we are seeing a surge that's supporting that run rate business. So we've got the best of both worlds right now. We've got the return of large deal activity principally centered and retail in some of the T&L space combined with a strong refresh run rate through the traditional distribution channel.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Okay, thanks very much.
Mike Terzich: Okay, Keith. Yes, I think I would say the characterization the hardware performance kind of goes back to some of the prepared comments that Anders made earlier which is, we are really enjoying the diversity of our business. When you look at geographic diversity and you look at the vertical market diversity. It's really playing very favorably for us. So we are enjoying the large deal activities that have been primarily associated with the retail and the T&L space. We are seeing refresh which is been driven in multiple geographies. Asia is a big manufacturing corridor for us now. So we are enjoying refresh in Europe and in Asia and even in North America some of the warehousing applications. We are seeing some refresh on some of the heavier side of our hardware business. And we are getting the emerging growth opportunities that are coming up from the spaces like healthcare and we've obviously got some purposely built design products that are going to be entering that space. We are starting to see some hardware demand even in those emerging verticals. So it's diversity that's really working for us across the business right now.
Mike Terzich: No, I think it's pretty much in line, I think where we need to be at this stage. We've been very complimentary selling at different ends of the solution spectrum. So it's a very friendly acquisition so to speak and so we've got very high [spree to core] with the work teams, but the heavy lifting is really just beginning, but we feel we put the best our best people in charge of some key work streams and we are marching towards a flawless day one, close.Michael Kim – Imperial Capital, LLC: Terrific, well good luck with that and thank you very much.
Mike Terzich: Well, I think that's exactly right. I mean the three largest our distributors and we are pretty confident that when we close on the transaction, the three largest will remain those distributors. I don't think necessarily it will change, who is represented in that list. We will clearly become a large piece of business to those respective distributors and that certainly worth noting, I think from our perspective those are important relationships, they've been important relationships to both Motorola and to Zebra and we don't envision that's going to change. We are excited about the opportunity to leverage the combined businesses and put forth, what we think will be ultimately a very exciting channel program and channel proposition that'll just further cement opportunities for us in the broader market.
Mike Terzich: Just a couple more Andrew. It's really – it's really a gem of a business for us and to Andrews point. Our focus has been in the specialty media spaces where the customers are marking, tagging a variety of critical assets. Those could be as basic as patients in a hospital, but they could be very high priced assets in a supply chain and it really speaks to the growing opportunity in big data and some of that insight that we are helping customers drive through their value and their supply chain. So we tend to play in the higher margin specialty space. It's less competitive to Anders point it's a very large market but there is a big cross section of the market that is plain paper labels going on cardboard boxes, which is very competitive and the label has to last the life of the parcel ship and that's not where want to play, we want to play on the high-end specialty where the information and the ability to read that information multiple times and sometimes over multiple years becomes of high value and that has allowed us to kind of separate ourselves from a lot of the commodity players. We have the financial strength to carry a lot of this high-end raw material. In inventory and convert that, specifically to a customer and then we've been able to that by expanding our converting locations and getting closer to that customer base and the Zebra brand is actually a very relevant piece to that equation. So it's been, we've been clearly outperforming the broader supplies markets we've been taking share and we really like the way, we are positioned in that business.
