Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. By using our considerable competitive advantages, Zebra extended industry leadership in an environment still facing various global business challenges. We secured stronger relationships with strategic customers and made further progress against the five pillars of our strategy for growth and long-term success. We accomplish this by first, introducing more innovative printers and asset-tracking solutions to serve more of our customer’s visibility requirements. Second, entering new markets with attractive growth opportunities. Third, penetrating more deeply the existing markets we served; and lastly, driving for greater excellence across the board to deliver improved customer service and optimize Zebra’s operational efficiency. While pursuing our growth goals, we will continue to carefully maintain effective control over operating expenses. And we will also direct our resources to those areas that will deliver the highest returns on our investments for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. At the same time, we will continue to execute stock buybacks and pursue acquisitions. Zebra will continue to benefit from its great diversity across products, customers, markets and geographies. Bright spots for the second half of 2013 include growing our business in retail, healthcare and government in Asia Pacific, as well as healthcare and supplies in North America and EMEA. We are optimistic about achieving increasing returns and our investments in new growth path forms. These adjacent areas build on the strength and brand of our core business and/or expanding the total available markets for Zebra’s products and solutions. Zebra commerce with its broad suite of solutions for retail including mobile POS is one of those areas. Following the trials currently underway, we expect to build momentum in the sport’s vertical as well. Importantly, these and other initiatives are building greater software and services content into Zebra’s revenue mix. Over the past year, we have expanded our global service capacity primarily in the area of product repair. With our new facilities in Brazil, China, Australia and several locations in Europe, our Zebra owned an independent contract service operations are supporting our customers for improved overall service. Let me finish by adding that we are confident in our business and the proven strategy we are following to create shareholder value. Zebra together with our partners is building a smarter, more connected global business community. The results of our actions also demonstrate that the internet of things and other emerging technology trends are creating new incremental revenue opportunities for Zebra. Stronger relationships with strategic customers and better penetration of established new industries make us optimistic about our core business as well. Thank you for your attention today. I would now like to turn the call back to Mike for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: Our expectation is that they will be neutral. So sales in and sales out should be equal, so we don’t expect that to be a further reduction.Andrew Spinola – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Okay. And then just looking at the top line, can you help us understand what your – what revenue did on an organic basis adjusting for the LaserBand acquisition? I know it was a $24 million revenue business in 2011. I have imagined that contributed a lot about $7 million in sales in the quarter or so.
Anders Gustafsson: So again, we’re not quoting – we haven’t been breaking out the LaserBand revenue. I think that you’ve got your two competing things. One is we had FX year-over-year negatively affecting us by the tune of about $1.3 million offset by the LaserBand stuff. So I think we had a little bit of a common goal, so it is, obviously, the LaserBand helped us a little bit in quarter relative to the year ago.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Okay. And I guess I’m not supposed to ask any more questions, but I just wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit more on the strength that you saw on Europe and just hope you talk a little bit more about what you saw on Italy and UK retail because it looks like that was a great source of strength that you guys are doing very well there. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so in Europe, the majority of our sub-regions were up in Europe. I think it was nine out of 13 sub-regions that were up. We saw a particular strength in Germany, UK, and Italy, which I’ve been historically are strongest and largest markets. And I would say over the last year – Q2 of last year was a difficult quarter for Europe, but since then, the volatility in the region is much lower actually. And we’ve seen a slow but steady improvement. So I feel cautiously optimistic about Europe as we look into the second half of the year. Q3 is the always a traditionally slower quarter with vacations and other things in Europe. But our pipeline is improving and our team in Europe is very engaged and very solid. So we have some quite confidence for the second half. And maybe Mike Terzich would like to add some further color.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so, we announced – we announced the MotionWorks sports solution last week, but even before that we have had a number of installations in product in different sports verticals. For instance, we have RFID card printers in a number of key resorts including Vail to improve the efficiency of the lift systems but also to provide enhanced customer experience or user experience by having much more access to much greater data about this key experience. But we also have our mobile printers particularly in all sorts of stadiums for ticketing and receipt printing. And this MotionWorks sports software we did announce is an enhancement to existing product. So it really builds on our UWB real-time location systems that we acquired from MSSI few years back. And then it’s – the majority of the location software comes from our relative [ph] acquisition. And before we’ve actually put on the MotionWorks new software piece has been installed in software [ph] teams and IOSCO teams outside of the US. But now we’ve developed what we call the MotionWorks sports software functionality, which really is a way to much better provide visualization and to do much better real-time analytics about the movement of players or whatever you want to track in a sports arena. So this has great opportunities or great benefits for sports. And it helps both in the sense of providing much more granular information that can be used for practice. You can do replace of the game the night before, you can look at specific place, you can look at – they’re using this when you’re doing recruiting. But also maybe the biggest improvement is it comes to the fan experience. We can now offer fans a different experience with replace and tracking how all the individual players move on to field in real-time and track all the statistics with this. So it really helps to diversify our business, a way from also from hardware to much more focus on services and software.Michael Kim – Imperial Capital, LLC: Great. And as a follow on with some of the acquisitions concerning in the sports and recreation vertical and LaserBand that acquisition being about a year underdeveloped, can you talk a little bit about where you’re focus concerning strategic opportunities, where you’re focusing your attention, is it in this vertical or healthcare, maybe you could expand a little bit about some opportunities that you’re focused on.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so I’ll start and I’ll hand over to Mike Terzich afterward. But for LaserBand specifically, the focus is really around healthcare. We still feel that that’s – the solution is particularly well-suited for healthcare and there is a new fast-growing market that we want to make sure we capture as much market share from as possible in the early stages. But we also see opportunities to offer LaserBand solutions into entertainment, hospitality and other verticals like that.
Anders Gustafsson: The one are that we talk about consistently has been around supplies. We see, LaserBand as part of our supplies portfolio and we see that as being an attractive areas for investment. It offers a new team with attach rates to our printers particularly internationally where we today have a very low presence of supplies business.Michael Kim – Imperial Capital, LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: Generally, our supplies business did well globally where we are, but obviously, we are much stronger in North America and in Europe. The healthcare was a big part of this, so a great strength there. And we also saw a strong performance from the high quality more synthetic type labels that are used in manufacturing, higher margin products also. So overall, I think it was a very strong broad based performance from our supplies business and Mike Terzich is going to supply some further details.
Anders Gustafsson: I got to look that up here. I don’t have that exactly at my fingertips. But it is a small number, it’s been growing, but it is a relatively modest number. But we have put much more effort over last couple of years to develop new solutions that have a much higher software content. And we talked about Link-OS as one of those, as the new operating system for our new printers, that’s going to be helpful. I think the motion works sports vertical applications, commerce for our retails areas, and we have some other things that are going also that we think will be very attractive to us. Maybe Mike – to the specific –
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so generally, we had a stronger performance with retail outside of North America. North America was the weaker side, but we have good growth with retail outside of North America. And in North America, the pier two retailers were particularly strong. And as we look into the second half of the year, we also expect our pier two retailers to grow the fastest. The retailers – two trends that are holding back retail spend today. One is just an overall modest economic activity, so they’re all very nervous about making larger capital commitments so they tend to divide their projects into smaller pieces and spread them out over a longer period of time, so we don’t get as many of the larger enterprise deals as we used to. The other one is the point that I think you are referring to that, retailers are making a lot of analysis today around how are they going to transition to a mobile point of sales solution, how they are going to make sure that they are chip and pin compliant, compliant to the EMB2 standard. I think those things are pre occupying retailers and they’re holding off investing to some degree until they have gotten better handle on exactly how they’re going to roll out those solutions. But we’re not trying to make sure we can position ourselves well to participate in some of those new areas. It really reinforces our focus on internet of things like technologies so as we have with the Zebra commerce and specifically for the second half of the year, our pipeline has been growing quite nicely. So we have more confidence that retail would be performing better in the second half and in the first half.Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan Securities: Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, China was improved for us quite nicely in the second quarter. We saw manufacturing come back of it because that’s been a weakness in China for us. So we’ve been so exposed to manufacturing over the years. But over the last two years, we put the real effort into diversifying our business away from manufacturing and making us less dependent on manufacturing. And we’ve seen a really nice growth in our business in healthcare, in retail and government. So we have a much better balance to business today than we’ve had before. And that gives us also some better confidence that we will be seeing more growth as we go forward from China.Andrew Spinola – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks.
Mike Smiley: Thank you. Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Doug and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Mike Smiley: Yes, this is Mike. First of all, for Q2, I think one thing you have to understand is that we – when you look at sort of what we ended up with revenue, we are really pleased to – we are pleased to hit our revenue target in part. We are able to achieve that because we are pursuing larger government deals. And those government deals typically on the hardware sales slightly lower margins, but they have a higher proportion of service attach rate which over time will benefit our P&L. So it’s a decision we chose to help build our business. But I think the other thing is that it provides us inroads into the government in a longer term, which is something as a company where we don’t have as great of market share as maybe some others in the business. We also have a mix of our sales was towards the lower-end with supplies. So it’s a little bit of a mix shift. And one thing you’ll see is in our business, there’s times where we’re selling higher margin business more strongly certainly in 2010 or so our margins were much stronger because of the mix. And then this year it’s been a little bit more of the lower margin stuff that it sells. So it comes and goes depending upon geography or depending upon industry that we’re serving. I think that thing that pleases me with our margin is that – this again reflects the diversity of our business. Although perhaps retail was a little bit lower than we’d hope for, we are able to overcome that with higher government and P&L which affected our margin for the quarter. So I think in the longer term, we expect to continue to be in the 48% to 50% range. Maybe Anders can give a little more color on that.
Mike Smiley: Good morning, Mike.Michael Kim – Imperial Capital, LLC: Energy talked a little bit about – hi, good morning. Energy talked a little bit about today opportunities in the sports and recreation vertical. And hoping you could spend a moment just talking about the characteristics that make this vertical particularly attractive in appropriate area for investments and if you can speak to the upgrade cycle of certain product categories if it’s the multi-product opportunity and how you’re pursuing in terms of Go-To-Market Strategy.
Mike Smiley: This is Mike Smiley. This is primarily affected – as we mentioned we had a stronger demand for meeting customers in our government and transportation on logistics vertical than we anticipated less than retail. So effectively, the mix we forecasted for products was a little bit different than what we actually resulted in. So as a result, we ended up using more of one skew than we expected of the other skew. And so the inventory ends up being a little bit lower than we anticipate. I think this is something that’s just normal in the business. Sometimes you’re good at guessing where it is, sometimes not. So the only reason we really bring it up is just to let you know that when we go on the third quarter, our gross margin looks relatively – we’re forecasting relatively flat gross margins in the third quarter relative to the second quarter and that’s because in part we expect to have to pay more in freight to build up some of those inventories to levels that will allow us to continue to serve our customers the way we want to.Andrew Spinola – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Got it. And then the last question for me. We’ve heard some companies talk about sort of developing weakness in China. And I was wondering, it sounds like your business actually gotten better there. So maybe you can give us a little more color on that market. Thanks.
Mike Terzich: Okay. Sure. Thank you. Brian, the only point I would add to what we’re saying in Europe is from a retail perspective, we certainly have seen some stabilization in particular – I think we’re still benefitting from some strategic shifts, we’re going to back to a lot of what we’ve been able to deliver to retail has been efficiency productivity solutions and they’re still making those investments. So that Tier 2 retail climate [ph] particularly emanating out of the UK was strong for us, but then we’re also seeing that middle-class phenomenon in pockets, smaller pockets of Europe today namely out of the Eastern Europe part of the Russia territory where we’re seeing a lot of retail lift. So things look pretty good relative to what we foresee for the third quarter as well.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Thanks very much.
Mike Terzich: Yes, Keith, you know our business, we have strategically located roughly half a thousand converting locations around – four in the United States, two at present in Europe. And those converting locations today are serving that manufacturing, what we call the specialty manufacturing market and where Zebra tends to focus and where we differentiate to Ander’s point is on high end specialty materials. These are materials that are typically used in line, in manufacturing, labels that could withstand lots of harsh environments, high temperature in manufacturing processes, circuit boards, et cetera. So that allows us to play in a space that generally is higher margin, varied specialty and it differentiates us from lots of little converters that provide local supply to their customer base. The second part of our market segment has been the growing – and that manufacturing base by the way is growing. We think that there is a fair amount of consolidation going on in the vendor community over the course of time. And Zebra has certainly grown at a rate that is much greater than the material management forecast for specialty materials that are being produced in the market place. That second leg to our growth strategy has been around healthcare and the expansion of patient safety initiatives, but we’re also leveraging that healthcare team into selling into the healthcare institutions across the pressure sensitive label business as well. So as you can imagine in a hospital a lot of label used, a lot of varied specialty resistance of chemicals, blood, et cetera, that’s creating some more opportunity for us from a direct sale into a hospital fulfilled through our telesales organization that we acquired with LaserBand.
Mike Terzich: It will be more built in over time. I mean the transition that happens is – end up with people passing on knowledge and stuff going from point A to pointy B, but it will eventually manifest itself. And to Anders’ point about – as we talked about margins, in part, we’ve got raw material cost reduction that we’re benefiting from and then our operating group is not only working really hard to manage our inventory better, but they’re also doing it more efficiently. So you know, we’re using that in part to help deal with you know, some of the pricing pressure we do periodically see.
