Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered exceptional fourth quarter results. We executed well driving strong profitable growth across the business and extended our lead in the market. Sales, EBITDA margin, and earnings per share all exceeded our outlook. As you can see on Slide 4, we are pleased to report net sales growth of nearly 11% or 9% on an organic basis; and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.1%, a 120-basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.10, a 33% increase from the prior year; and free cash flow of $309 million. We achieved strong performance across our business, including double digit sales growth in North America, Asia Pacific and Latin America. We grew each of our major product and service categories, including mobile computing, data capture, special printing, supplies and support services. Demand was solid through the channel and from our direct customers. We say particular strength in healthcare, manufacturing, and retail and e-commerce. Our record Q4 results cap an outstanding full-year financial performance of 11% organic sales growth, 20.7% adjusted EBITDA margin, and $721 million of free cash flow. We continue to build on our industry leading offerings by investing in our people, operations, and technology to drive a sustainable growth. We have strong momentum entering 2019, supported by our order backlog and pipeline of opportunities. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier, to review our financial results and to discuss our 2019 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: We feel good about the business. We have been driving profitable growth for a long time now and our solutions have moved from being more viewed as tactical productivity tools by our customers to more enablers of our customer strategies. So, I think we’re moving up in the kind of hierarchy of importance for our customers. We have a strong track record of execution and I think the output outlook is prudent. So, we feel that we are well-positioned for 2019. We entered a year with good momentum. A solid portfolio of products and solutions it’s the most competitive portfolio I think we’ve ever had and we continue to gain share in the markets. So, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Anders Gustafsson: So first, starting a little bit broader, we had strong broad-based strength across all our product segments, regions, vertical markets in Q4. Asia-Pac, North America and Latin America were each double digits in Q4, but all regions, including Europe was up double digits for the full-year. We saw – all major product categories were up. Healthcare, retail, manufacturing, they were all up double digits, and all four vertical markets were up double digits for 2018. So, I think it's very broad-based performance there. In Q4, we continued to execute very well and we’ve – from everything we’ve seen, we believe we continue to extend the lead in the market that we have, and our competitive position is strong and getting, I would say, stronger based on the strength of our portfolio. And end markets were strong, you know, both channel and direct for – on the back of our valuable proposition, which resonates with our customers. Specifically, to Europe, I think we would consider it to be a solid growth. It had moderated a little bit from earlier part of 2018, but it was still good growth, and we see that momentum carrying on into 2019. We saw particular strength in Europe on our scanning portfolio and mobile computing, as well as supplies. And retail continues to be the strongest vertical for us in Europe, and our personal shopping solutions are a big driver for that.
Anders Gustafsson: So, I think we – few years back, we started talking about, I think about 17 million, I’m going off memory now, 17 million devices, so we’ve always been able to convert a number of those. But the reason is not going down faster, is that – on the one hand, you know, we are shipping a lot of Android devices. You know, the vast majority of our devices are now Android, but it’s still a meaningful amount of Microsoft devices that we are shipping too, but our – I’d say most other industry players are still predominantly shipping Microsoft devices. So, while we kind of eat into the 10 million from one end, it’s getting replenished on the other end from other players. So, it’s not going down as fast as you might perceive, it should do based on the volume of devices we ship, but, you know, its – there’s still a good amount of devices to go after here, and we expect that by – you know, the vast majority of these devices will be upgraded to Android by 2020 or late 2020.
Anders Gustafsson: It’s still hard to rank order each of these, but I can give you some indications or where we see particular strength or if there's anyone we feel would be – maybe lagging here. So, on the vertical markets, which was I think your first question, you know, healthcare grew the fastest for us in Q4. I would expect healthcare to be over to – not just 2019, but over the next several years, the fastest growing vertical market. But we do see a fairly similar growth rates across the – you know, our four verticals. If you look in 2018, we had double-digit growth in all four of our verticals. So, we don’t expect that any one of them will kind of standout and carry the load for the company. You know, a few years back, retail was maybe more pronounced as the driver, but now we see it more balanced. You know, manufacturing was a little weaker earlier, but we see the Android adoption to kind of pickup in manufacturing this coming year, particularly around the warehouse. And from a region’s perspective, again, we had, you know, double-digit growth in all four regions this past year. So, we see them all performing well. Asia-Pacific will be the one we would expect to grow the fastest over the kind of the foreseeable future, not just the next quarter or a couple of quarters, but over longer-term. It can be a bit variability within quarters, but you know, North America has performed very well too. Europe was a little weaker than the average in Q4, but we still see good growth for Europe as we go into 2019. I hope that helps.
Anders Gustafsson: As Olivier said, you know, this is a company-wide activity. I think if there's one number or ratio that is deeply ingrained in our culture, it’s – [or two, growth and gross margins], so it’s something that the entire company is paying attention to and working on.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I would say, our commercial discipline has improved. We are paying more attention to what appropriate commercial terms would be. So, I think we’re a little bit more scientific in how we go about doing that.
Anders Gustafsson: As Olivier mentioned earlier, having leverage across the P&L is a key part of our philosophy and how we manage it. So, we want to drive improvements in gross profit, we want to see leverage in the OpEx side and certainly we want to see that translate into higher EBITDA margins.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. The pipeline that we have as we enter a quarter gives us obviously much better visibility into the quarter. It doesn’t necessarily tell us much about the second half of the year. But having a bigger backlog as we go into quarter gives us a lot more confidence obviously about the outlook. The pipeline is more what drives the longer-term outlook and we have a very diligent and disciplined process to work with our sales teams and our direct customers, our channel partners to develop pipelines for all the direct customers, but also for different segments and doing bottom up and top down and triangulate in a variety of ways. So, that’s what gives us more of the visibility for the second half or the out quarters and maybe Joe Heel want to add something.
Anders Gustafsson: I would just emphasize that the strength in the SMB market didn’t just happen to us. No, that’s a consorted effort. We have developed a number of initiatives to help boost our business at the lower end of our market to help penetrate that more deeply, because that was an area that we felt we were not as well penetrated as we were in some of the higher-end markets.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, there is a number of, you know, I’ll start by just some strong secular growth trends that are driving growth across all our product lines. You know, the e-commerce is one, you know, the omni-channel piece, the on-demand economy, those are all broader secular trends that are requiring more track and trace type technologies, so it helps us under the mobile computing side, but it also helps us on printing, on scanning, you know, supplies, so all of those areas. Then we see when we get into these, say, newer areas that once we deploy our first roll-out, the customers sees the flexibility of many of our new products by being so much more connected. So, if that’s a mobile computer or a printer, you know, they can do a lot more with it. So, they see more and more new used cases that they can apply. You know, if I go back again to the old Microsoft days, you know, I think that an average mobile computer will probably run a couple two, three applications. You know, today, we routinely see customers running 30 applications on one of our devices. So, those are great drivers for it, and I will say the competitiveness of our portfolio is very strong today. You know, we launched more new products in 2018 than we’ve done in the history of the company, and they’re all ramping up nicely, and helping us to extend our lead into markets and driving growth.
Anders Gustafsson: You know, I think we saw – first, maybe I think NRF was a great show for us this year. We had a very exciting booth and we had record traffic through the booth; we had record number of meetings with customers; and the feedback we got was very, very good. So, we certainly felt that was a great show and it helped to give us some confidence for the year. I’d say, the larger retailers, particularly say in the US, have largely been committed to an omni-channels e-commerce type strategy for the last couple of years, and we've seen quite a few orders from that. But what we are seeing is the – that trend is moving kind of further down into tier 2, tier 3 retailers, so we see more customers, more retailers wanting to make this – a kind of similar type of investments in new solutions to enable them to execute on their omni-channel strategy and compete against e-tailors. So – and the – I think our types of technologies are, you know, essential to their thinking. You know, they see us as a partner who can help enable them to pursue those strategies and help them realize those strategies. So, it was a great show from all aspects for to us and Joe.
Anders Gustafsson: Generally speaking, we saw faster service and software revenue growth in Q4 than we’ve done before. There was a very – we’re very pleased with the performance we saw there. Generally, the software content in our solution is going up and up and up. If you think of the history of the company, we started off with say relatively dump devices that could read a barcode and transfer that information to another system that would do something with it to our android devices where you read it. You can manipulate the data, you can gain actions from it. You can do a lot with that. Next step now is to have much more smart infrastructure. So, things that can automate the data capture that can automate the dispensing of actions too. So, software is becoming a bigger and bigger part of what we do and how we develop new solutions to that more and more value to our customers.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. As we wrap up, I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for another great quarter and an exceptional 2018. We’re off to a strong start to 2019 and see a solid year ahead. We look forward to welcoming the Temptime team once we close the transaction. Have a great day, everyone.
Olivier Leonetti: So, good morning, Jason. So, we are planning indeed to have for the full-year a higher EBITDA margin, slightly higher EBITDA margin, and we’re guiding Q1 at about 21%, you have some mix elements, which could impact one performance in a particular quarter, but as we have demonstrated over now, a number of quarters, we believe we have the ability in the year to leverage OpEx, but also to leverage a gross margin, but you could have an anomaly in one quarter and another. So, nothing specific in terms of trend Jason.
Olivier Leonetti: And let me give you a bit of additional colors on the year. So, we have obviously a strong Q1 guide. We have more visibility for Q1. We are well within the quarter. We entered the quarter with a solid backlog. And regarding the full-year, we would consider this guide as actually being prudent based upon the visibility we have regarding our business. And an important point Jason, this is not different than another year. And we feel confident about our end markets and our ability to compete.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me take the first part and then Andres and Joe would take the other one. So indeed, we have increased the level of spending in R&D and the composition of the R&D spend is – has changed some. We are investing more if you were to look into the details into also future capabilities. And we believe that this investment has paid off for the company and part of the gaining shares top line performance is a result of this investment.
Olivier Leonetti: So, we have been increasing gross margin significantly, as you said, year-on-year by about a point. We have been highly focused as a team on gross margin. Every element of the value chain add a role, manufacturing, procurement, product design, go-to-market, and we believe that that would keep being the case going forward. We believe we have the ability to increase gross margin as a business, and we actually don't think we play – we’re playing our best game today. And we think that the two main segments should follow directionally the same pattern and have the ability to expand gross margin rate.
Olivier Leonetti: Mix is a play – mix, sorry to interrupt Richard, mix would be a play and also us being able to add solutions to our offering is also a driver of enhanced gross margin performance.
Olivier Leonetti: No, no, indeed. So again, Richard, our ability to improve both gross margin rate and OpEx, including – by the way as we invest dollar in R&D, we believe we are good to be able to scale R&D dollars as a proportion of revenue dollars. We are prudent as a company, and the improvement we have in term of EBITDA rate in the year we believe is in the category of being balanced and prudent. I’m not too sure I would necessarily agree with the flaws and so on you’re mentioning.
Olivier Leonetti: We want to have flexibility to manage our cash. We want to invest in priority in the business either organically, we mentioned R&D, go-to-market would be another one, or through M&A, and we are in the process of finalizing a new acquisition with Temptime after Xplore. Another one we discussed, Keith, in prior calls, once we reach the bottom of our range, we believe that share buyback would become a consideration. So, that's a bit of a rationale for the range as it is set up now.
Olivier Leonetti: I mean, James, an additional color yet if I may, we have been very intentional over the last more than two years to really diversify the business, and you see this diversification being reflected in the financial performance of the company, and in the guide as well.
Olivier Leonetti: So, FX in the second half of 2018 started to be neutral to the financial performance of the company. It would be a slight headwind in 2019. The reason for this is that we’re edging against the euro, which is the only currency really against which we have some exposure. But we have many levers to manage our P&L. FX is one of them, and we believe that we have enough levers to be able to adjust to different effects and still deliver a good financial performance.
Joe Heel: Yes. I would add. Especially in the visibility towards large deals, you are right. We had a substantial number of large deals in particular in the retail space in 2018, but we do in those 10 million legacy devices that are still out there, we see opportunity for continuing momentum in areas such as logistics and warehouse coming up in the next months and year, as well as new used cases that our customers are beginning to realize can be deployed on our devices such as; consolidating multiple technologies they have today onto our device or expanding used cases from the handheld form factor to other form factors like tablets and larger screen. So, we see continued opportunity for large deals Jason.
Joe Heel: Yes. I think that we certainly feel that we have made a very productive investments in R&D. Our products portfolio or solution portfolios are the most competitive that have ever been. We launched more new products in 2018 than we’ve done in any other year in the history of the company. So, I think we feel very confident that the investments we made in R&D are delivering a solid ROI. It has been supporting our growth. It’s been supporting our market share gains.
Joe Heel: Yes. Both our backlogs, which we have continuously building and have contributed significantly to the success we had in 2018, as well as the pipelines have geared towards the visibility of about two quarters at a very granular level. To give us visibility beyond that, we have expanded for our largest customers and for large deals in particular visibility to three years, where we look at how we expect our business with individual customers to evolve over a three-year time period. So, that gives us a longer-term although it’s more of a qualitative view of where things are evolving. If you look at trends that we can see in that, one of the trends that we already talked about earlier is the fact that those remaining 10 million devices that we see out there, a significant portion of them are in the logistics warehouse and manufacturing space. We also see in terms of trend, the opportunities in areas that we call adjacencies in the earlier comments, things like tablets and RFID are showing up quite prominently in that visibility we’re getting from that pipeline discipline.
Joe Heel: Yes, I would say, from a sales perspective, increasing pipeline visibility is an ongoing quest, and one that we've invested in quite significantly in the last year to improve our capabilities on a number of dimensions. One dimension is to improve visibility, in particular, in the printing and scanning areas where the deals are smaller, to get that visibility sooner and at a more granular level. And second would be to get more visibility out to longer term, right. With the growing importance of large deals in our business mix, having visibility to those is extremely important for both our planning purposes internal, as well as guidance we give and other things like that. So, we have invested in both of those and it is helping us.
Joe Heel: Yes, I might add, you know, some of the things we mentioned earlier were very prominent at NRF, and did give us a lot of confidence. For example, what we talked about already with the new used cases that we’re seeing, retailers are embracing those. For example, the voice collaboration between their associates since one of those giving a device to everyone of their workers, not just a few selected that are involved in inventory management. Those types of trends give us confidence. And another important trend that we see support for is that the first wave of adopters who went into deploying mobile computing solutions on an android operating system are early on, for example with our MC40 device are thinking of refreshing those at this point. So that means there is longevity and continued opportunity in the retail space.
Joe Heel: A few additions to things we’ve changed and done in our sales and channel strategy over the course of the last year. One is, we have invested some of the improvements that we’ve had in our economics. We have reinvested those into a go-to-market resources, both internally, as well as with our channel partners. Our commitment to our channel has continued to expand and the importance of our channel program has only increased as we have expanded the benefits and membership in that program. The membership in our program is growing quite significantly over the last year. We’ve also invested structurally in the organization in sales and go-to-market in a dedicated solutions group, sellers that are specialized and focused on selling the solutions that make up the core of our intelligent edge to realize or EAI strategy. So, we have a dedicated group of that now in every one of our regions. So, those are some of the highlights of changes.
