Douglas Fox: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Douglas Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike Smiley and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. Operator, please give instructions for the Q&A.
Douglas Fox: Okay. Well, with that, thank you everybody for joining us today. Just mark your calendar for May 4 for our next scheduled conference call for our first quarter financial results. Have a good day.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. During 2010 our investments to extend industry leadership and generate higher returns were well placed. We secured a greater presence in key regions around the globe where developing market economies and local web creation support attractive profitable growth opportunities. With a sharper business focus and a clear vision for the future, we enter 2011 with a high level of confidence. Zebra’s multiple competitive advantages position us well to benefit from attractive global trends driving greater demand for tagging high-value assets to gain increased visibility into the supply chain. Our multi-faceted strategy will continue to concentrate on global areas that provide proven low risk high returns, including investing in emerging markets where we can win, continuing to develop channel partnerships and moving up the value chain with independent software vendors, improving on our already solid product development to expand the range of applications in markets we serve and capitalizing on important emerging opportunities that complement our business model. We continue to prioritize and invest in three key areas that have delivered success for Zebra over the long-term: markets, channels and products. For 2011, we will maintain our global channel expansion program. As the Zebra sales representatives placed in fields last year become increasingly productive, we will supplement their efforts with more feet on the street to develop additional and stronger channel relationships in China, Malaysia, Vietnam and Russia, among other important regions. Channel development is also moving forward with independent software vendors or ISVs. Later this week we will be announcing the rollout of a new program supporting ISVs, including development tools and a dedicated Web site. At the same time, our plans call for leveraging Zebra’s brand strength to expand our strategic focus on Enterprise customers, where we can offer the entire portfolio of Zebra products and solutions. As for any technology company, the success of our global and channel expansion activities depends on how well we meet our customers’ needs with innovative and superior products and solutions. In 2011, our plans call for the introduction of new products in the Card, Mobile and Kiosk categories. Currently under development in our China engineering center, we are also working on designs for products to meet region-specific needs. Zebra’s financial strength provides us great flexibility in how we run the business for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. We have identified multiple investment opportunities within the company that will deliver solid risk-adjusted returns. In addition, share buybacks remain an attractive use of our excess cash. At the same time, we are continuing to evaluate potential acquisitions that will enhance our core offerings. This concludes our prepared remarks, and thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: So first you asked about our share in Asia and then for North America and Europe? I’m not sure what else.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think that first we believe that we have a very strong market share position in each of the four regions, and we will tend to rely on VDC (ph) data for what that is, but we do believe that we are very well placed to continue to extend our lead and gain further share as we get our new channel programs, our expanded channel programs and geographic investments to really become productive and in many of these new emerging markets also we see a strong performance for our high-end tabletop printers for manufacturing, which is good from a market share and a from a profitability perspective. And the market itself is growing in these areas also as we one, expand from our traditional, say, western companies that have expanded into emerging markets through more of the local competitors as the local economies strengthen. And also in Western Europe and the U.S. we expect to continue to expand into near adjacencies like healthcare for instance.
Anders Gustafsson: Look, first I think we weren’t really trying to say that we are accelerating or enhancing our view on acquisition. We’re just saying that’s one of several uses of cash that we look at. Our acquisition strategy has not changed from before. We continue to evaluate all our investment opportunities against other opportunities on a risk adjusted basis. And the first main hurdle, though, is make sure that acquisitions have a good strategic fit and really complement our core business, and we will continue to be very disciplined in what we pursue. We have had opportunities over the last year or two to make acquisitions, but we have so far refrained from that either because those didn’t fit our strategic focus or the financial hurdles were – they didn’t meet our financial hurdles.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think we were saying our focus area is primarily around our core business and how we can strengthen and expand that.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So first on Latin America we had a record quarter in Latin America, the second consecutive record for Latin America on a quarterly basis. I will say for Latin America and EMEA there was similar performance. It was very broad based. There was not one country or one vertical or one product that stood out. In Europe there was I think all but one of our sub-regions generated growth and similarly in Latin America they all generated growth. A broad variety of different industries, so manufacturing, retail, transportation, logistics, self-service all had good wins in those regions. For Asia-Pac, Q3 tends to be the strongest quarter for Asia-Pac. So Q4 was just I would say a normal seasonality and it was just a fraction lower than it was in Q3. And in Q3 it was a record for Asia-Pac historically. So Q4 was our second – or number two I guess on the record list. So we felt that those were very good results. And in North America we had good growth year over year of 12.5%. But it was lower in Q4 and that was primarily driven by the strong Retail business we’ve had taking a little bit of breather as they – that vertical focused more on executing their Q4 plans.Tony Kure – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you. That’s helpful.
Anders Gustafsson: Navis was really focused on the marine terminal market. That is a very modest market for the remaining part of Zebra. So we didn’t see a need for that, but we will retain Navis as a channel partner for selling our other products and solutions into those marine terminal customers.Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: I think some of the high 40s that we’ve been quoting is probably a reasonable expectation for the year. But I’ll tell you there’s – exchange rates will affect us. Product mix will affect us. Those things will drive us one way or the other. But I think we’re pretty confident we’re going to stay at sort of this higher range that we’ve been experiencing for a little while.
Anders Gustafsson: So at first, yeah, as we said we have been quite the active and aggressive in buying back shares over the last couple of years, three years at least. Last year we bought back $102 million worth of shares that 3.3 million shares. We will continue to evaluate share repurchases on a risk adjusted basis, and our view is that, that is still a very attractive investment for us. We have looked at dividends and one-time dividends, and we feel or with respect to dividend that most of our investors seem to be favoring continue with buy backs as it gives us more flexibility to step it up if there’s a little different share price and continue to be active in the market more consistently. And that also goes for the one-time buy back that we perceive that it is more attractive for us to average enterprise versus just picking a specific price, and showing consistency by being active over a longer period of time, but we do expect that we will be buying back at elevated levels compared to prior years.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one follow up for you back on the Navis. I just want to make sure I heard this correctly. If I do the math, it looks like there was an operating loss for ZES of about $19.6 million for the year. If you back out the sales and I’m presuming $15 million in the quarter, which will give you $60, that’s a loss of almost $20 million on sales of $25 million. And that’s the piece that will be kept and obviously it will be melded in with the SPG. You’re doing quite well on your gross margin and your profits even with that, but I’m just wondering at what point if that business were separate, if we would see it breakeven or even turn into the green.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, the intent is to make that happen but I don’t expect it, we don’t expect it to be in 2011. But, again, let me just go back and reiterate why we’re keeping it and why we are excited about that business. It does have a very good strategic fit with our overall strategy of trying to build a broad set of solutions around how to do asset tagging on high valued assets and inventories across a broad range of industries. And we see great synergies in how we take this to market by having a more integrated organization. We’ve already moved the sales organization to the part of Mike Terzich’s organization to create better opportunities for us to cover large enterprise customers with the entire portfolio of products. We have integrated the supply chain and the engineering organizations with Hugh Gagnier, who runs our worldwide development and operations team. So we are taking full advantage of those integration synergies, but in 2010 we had well over 20% growth, which we think is very attractive business for us to be in. And we believe that, that growth will continue at that level or higher for 2011 and beyond. We are doing a lot of things to improve the cost structure. We are outsourcing our active RFID products to J-Bill (ph) in China, and we’re seeing similarly, if you look on the SPG side, good gross margin improvements, and we’re eliminating overhead functions that we no longer need to duplicate by folding this organization back into Zebra. So we certainly expect that, for 2011, the profitability will be much improved, but we also expect it to have very high growth to take us into 2011 and beyond.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. That’s a broad, big picture question. I think we feel that the global economies have stabilized quite nicely over the last six months. In the four we were wondering a bit more what 2011 would look like if the economies would kind of have the momentum to drive through 2011. I think we feel based on conversations with our channel partners and end users that they’re seeing better pipelines and more business opportunities. The overall tone of the commentary on the economy is better. So I think we feel that the economic situation is improving, and we still are in a recovery cycle compared to a few years back. As far as our growth rates going forward, we would probably base that off publicly available data like VDC’s (ph) market growth data, which tends to be in the mid to slightly over midpoint single digit growth rates, and we would like to see us take some share off that, so slightly higher growth rates for Zebra.
Anders Gustafsson: This was basically the order-to-cash implementation, and we did that in Europe first. And we’re going to do the implement in North America later in this year. So that will be the last big wave, then we’re going to continue obviously to do other new software programs and stuff, but it probably won’t be called Merlin as we call the overall European implantation. There will just be more one-off type of implementations.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Great. That sounds good. Thank you.
Mike Terzich: Chris, Mike Terzich. A couple other points on the retail space. Retail has grown in significance for the business on two dimensions. One, what was historically very concentrated in North America has been well adapted in every one of our international markets. So our retail results, while they were a little softer in North America as people prepare for the holiday season, executed their holiday season, we saw good retail results across the international markets. Secondly, today retail is probably the only vertical market we have, where we could leverage the entire Zebra portfolio. So what was traditionally a lot of mobility in retail has extended itself into desktop, tabletop solutions in the distribution centers, kiosk in the store, RFID in the yard as well as in some of the garment applications. So I don’t think you’re going to see the big top of refresh like you’ve historically seen. I think it’s going to be a steady state business in all four geographies for us in 2011.Chris Quilty – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Mike Terzich: Charles, it’s Mike Terzich. Let me take that. Yes in part. There’s also some opportunities for us to work very specifically with some of our larger strategic accounts. And a good example of the synergy that we have between the Ellas (ph) product portfolio and the traditional SPG portfolio is in the last quarter we had significant amount of business opportunity with a one of the bigger box retailers. I’ll just say it’s in the hardware space. We’ll leave it at that. But it presented an opportunity for us both at the yard management side of the business which is where the Ellas Solution (ph) the real time active RFID solution was deployed. And we’ve been doing quite a bit of work on the in store side. And that business is typically carried by a combination of channel partners in portions of that business and also on some direct sales opportunities when they present themselves.Charles Murphy – Sidoti & Company LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Mike Terzich: Yeah. Good question. I think that we have been seeing some small amount of price pressure on some of our raw materials. However, I think again one of the benefits of working for a company with the financial resources we are making R&D investment. It’s helping us value engineer our products. And we also feel like we have the ability to continue to year-over-year negotiate more favorable pricing. So although we will experience the pressures of some of the higher costs we think the net will actually in the long run benefit from the activities we’re working on so overcome the impact of the cost pressures that we have.Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan Securities: And my follow-up I just want to check here that the intention moving forward is any acquisition is too it should be of the of horizontal benefit across all markets. That there’s no more focus on verticals.
Mike Terzich: Andrew, this is Mike Terzich. I’ll take that question. This is – I could give you a really comprehensive answer, but I think one of the broad-based strengths of Zebra has been the diversity of our vertical markets and our geographic focus. So I’m going to try to paint a little bit of a picture for you. In North America we saw the return of some of the traditional manufacturing business, that’s really a big core to the North America marketplace. We saw a return in manufacturing and some of the warehouse and T&L space, particularly driven by the automotive tier one, tier two suppliers for automotive. I think they’re more bullish on their near-term outlook and that’s resulting in some CapEx spending for our equipment. When you get outside the United States, manufacturing is the predominate vertical market for us for the multi nationals in places like Asia and even in places like Mexico and in Eastern Europe. In addition, we’ve extended ourselves vertically, and there’s a lot of enterprise opportunity in what we’re qualifying as field mobility. This is – we’ve been talking about this over several quarters now, but when you look at macroeconomic trends and the pressure being put on this whole work force around the globe, it’s really introduced us to quite a bit of opportunity in every geographic region and this is the folks that deliver Pepsi and beer, et cetera beverages to a variety of retail locations. The folks that do field service, whether it’s the washing machine repairman, et cetera, and it’s created a lot of opportunity as petroleum prices continue to increase putting more pressure on labor and the efficiency of that labor. And then I think the last piece of this for us is we started to extend ourselves a little deeper into some spaces where we could leverage parts of our product line that are perhaps less obvious to everyone. And that would be in the area of financial services. We’ve seen an increase. We took a piece of business in the fourth quarter with a large bank in Latin America where it issued an issuance of debit cards and credit cards are beginning to find their way into some opportunity for our re-transfer product and some of our direct-to-card products. So the diversity of our vertical focus and the diversity of our geographical focus has really been one of our great strengths and it’s allowed us to buffer in some cases where there may be a short-term blip or a little softness like fourth quarter retail in North America. Hope that helps.
Mike Terzich: Marty (ph), this is Mike Terzich. I think the real take away for retail is that, to my earlier comments, it’s become increasingly more important to us globally. So beyond just the North America markets, we’re seeing a steady growth in that business, and because the application diversity is much greater than what it used to be historically. When we used to talk about retail in the past years, there was a certain lumpiness to our business, which was very concentrated in North America. So my point is that I think retail will have another good year in 2011, and the application diversity is going to be very broad for us across those product platforms I mentioned earlier. And it’s growing in consequence in some of the international markets as well as those economies strengthen and people are gainfully employed and they have demand for western goods and services, so to speak. So you won’t see, I don’t think you’ll see the big, the volatility and the big pops in our retail business, but it will be a steady, growing contributor overall.
Mike Terzich: We expect that in 2011 we’re going to have another healthy year in North America. If you look at the CapEx spending for retail, the projections are- they’re solid, not as spectacular as perhaps the 2010 numbers were but still nonetheless very good.
Michael Smiley: Well I think we – in the my comments I quoted where we thought the gross margin would be, which is I think 48% to 49%.Charles Murphy – Sidoti & Company LLC: Okay. Sorry didn’t catch that.
Michael Smiley: Good morning.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: You obviously bought stock in 2010 including the 900,000 shares you mentioned in the quarter, but your cash is still rising and even more pending the sale of Navis. Just wondering what your thoughts are in regards to an even more aggressive share repurchase, a one-time dividend, or a dividend that you may implement and increase on an annual basis given your strong cash flow.
Michael Smiley: Yeah. I think that you’re seeing a couple of things happen. First of all, as we went into the quarter, we don’t want to brag, but we thought we had a great year. And as a result of that, the commissions were higher for our sales forces. They hit certain levels, there’d be accelerators on some of those commissions, which hit us in the fourth quarter. The other thing is we are building on this geographic expansion, which again, as Anders just quoted, we’ve had – in those areas where we’ve had a head count to growth in top line from that in those areas have been dramatic, and we feel like those have been wise investments. So the two big things, again, I would say, would be primarily commissions and geographic expansion, and then a little bit of additional marketing expense that we spent in the fourth quarter.
Michael Smiley: Well, again, the geographic expansion, we didn’t hire the people to let them go. So that stuff will stay. But the commissions, again, because we did exceed some of our expectations, that stuff is elevated.
Michael Smiley: So basically if it wasn’t for exchange rate, we would have been closer to 50.8% versus 49.8%.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Smiley: There is restructuring charges in there. You can sort of pick that out from the quarterly returns. It’s probably about, I’m guessing about $1 million. I’d have to double check there, but there is some restructuring in that $19 million. And, again, as we do the our sourcing on the – on some of the products to J-Bill (ph), we expect that to improve our gross margin. Also we have some cost reductions that Anders is talking about. So I would expect a nice improvement in 2011, although we’re not quoting sort of longer term type view on that, but I think it is going to improve in a good fashion.
