Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Within the uncertainty of the boarder economic landscape, Zebra continues to expand its industry leadership. Our multiple competitive advantages, including our range of innovative products and services, global scale and financial strength are driving more business with more customers worldwide. The strategies we have implemented are resulting in deeper, more strategic engagements with companies seeking to improve their operations. And the increasing diversity of our business, across products, geographies and customers, enables Zebra to effectively manage the business in good times and bad. As we look to the second half of 2012, we will continue to execute on those strategies to deliver profitable revenue growth. We have proven our ability to mange the business effectively through challenging times. This period is no different. We will remain agile and responsive in the current business climate as we continue to invest prudently for future success. Zebra is well positioned to drive growth and improved profitability. The success of our investments enhances our confidence in Zebra's future and in our capacity for shareholder value creation. The ongoing expansion of Zebra's geographic footprint and sales organization continues of pay off. In emerging regions, improved sales coverage has generated high growth in underserved areas. Since the end of 2009, we have increased number of sales and marketing personnel outside of North America by approximately 45% off a low base, with the best majority in emerging markets. This greater presence offers considerable opportunities for increasing business overtime. In North America and Western Europe, our sales growth with strategic accounts and share gain through distribution also demonstrate the growing success of our strategies to penetrate existing markets more deeply with our core thermal printing, Passive RFID and real-time location solutions. We're also optimistic about our future business in healthcare. LaserBand offer Zebra an outstanding platform for profitable growth in attractive market segment, as hospitals push to improve patient safety with implementation of more effective patient ID systems. The LaserBand acquisition also enhances the Zebra's position in supplies, which we have identified and articulated as an area of an intended growth. Finally, driving innovation is creating value for our customers and increasing investment returns for Zebra. We have increased a cadence of new product development as well as the efficiency of the product development process. New development models and processes are enabling Zebra to introduce products with unique features that truly differentiate us from the competition. Our new tabletop printers and our increasingly successful line of card printers are two examples of how superior products are enabling us to capture even more business opportunity. This concludes our prepare remarks. And I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: First with respect to the AUP decline that you saw that is almost exclusively driven by mix shift and foreign exchange. So substantial impact by foreign exchange, but also mix, we had the record quarters for both desktop and mobile printers this quarter, but they have lower price points than our other products and drove a big part of that mix shift.
Anders Gustafsson: All our products have gross margins that are fairly similar, more similar than most of our investors believe. And as you look at this quarter, where we had a substantial growth in our desktop and mobile printers, we still maintained very strong gross margins in the year, 540% range. And that was also in the face of the fairly substantial reduction in the euro exchange rate.
Anders Gustafsson: And we've worked very hard to make sure we continue to cost reduce our products and take advantage of the sale we have to protect the gross margin. That's something that's factors in for the company. And we see that this is very, very important to make sure we maintain that.
Anders Gustafsson: If you look at the average selling price within each product family, it was very stable. So there is really a mix issue from that perspective and we just had more larger deals in the mobile and desktop space this quarter. And the tabletop space was not quite as robust as they have been historically.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. It was up for a couple of reasons. The first thing is we did expand a meaningful amount in helping putting this new legal-entity structure. Again, in past the circumstances changed that required us to sort of reexamine that structure, and we had to work with some tax professionals to help us put that in place. One of the things, I think you recall, we implemented our new ERP system. And we spent out little bit more in this quarter. I'd like you use the term stabilizing or enhancing the system to make sure it's meeting our needs. I'll let you know, this quarter it worked extremely well. We had more throughput at the end of the quarter than I think we've ever had in the company. So it's working well. We've spend money to make sure that went well. We also had, I think we pointed out M&A expenses that went through. And then lastly, we all had a little bit more depreciation on the software maintenance cost associated with the new ERP system. So with that that went up. Now, the point is as going forward, we don't expect to have as much spending on our stabilization of the ERP systems. So that should neutralize. We're not projecting the same amount of M&A spends next quarter. So all those things are sort of leading towards a more neutralized spend in the third quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: I think what we have actually for our CapEx is, I think we're pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter. And we're spending roughly around, I think about $5 million a quarter. I expect that to go down a little bit next year, because I don't see a cap rising quite as much for IT, going forward. Now, as far as the tax rate, I think we talked about what we expect the tax rate to be for the rest of this year. I really don't want to get on next year, because by the way that requires me to sort of guesstimate, where profits are going to be by country and stuff like that is very sensitive to that. But my sense is for your model, I would just try to use what we are projecting for the second half of the year, use that for next year also.
Anders Gustafsson: Our M&A strategy have been changed from what it was previously. We first started by looking at making sure we use our resources in those activities that has the potential of generating the highest risk adjusted returns. And specifically with M&A, the first step that any deal has to go through this probably strategic outlook and make sure it fits our strategy. It enhances our ability to executing our strategy and accelerates the execution of our strategy. But I would say at this stage that we are interested in continuing to do modest sized deals. It looks like asset prices might be more attractive as we go forward, based on the economic outlook. And we have the financial resources to be able to, based on what's opportunistic and pickup good acquisition as they come along for reasonable prices.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll answer the overall kind of North America question, first. Now we can how deep we kind of go into the specific question about customers. We saw a very broad based strength in North America, across all verticals, basically. But we had a normal large deal flow in the quarter. We started to see nice momentum from the strategic account sales initiatives we took in place last year. Now those we mentioned that on the last call and we will kind of say this call that the customers that we have identified for our high touch sales organization, when we exclude our largest customer, are growing very nicely. And they're giving us nice insights into their requirements and better understanding their needs. We have some ancillary benefits from their perspective. And I think it's been a good story for us over last year. Now we've had four consecutively stronger quarters in North America with the 10% growth, and it's a long time since we had 10% growth in North America. So feel very good about that. And manufacturing was vertical that did well. Retail is a second tier. Retail have started to invest more in technology to help enhance both the customer experience, but also to improve the operational efficiency in their stores. So the output for North America, I would say, it's still some uncertainty as to what the economy is going to do. But we are optimistic about our position and we feel good that investments we've made in strategic sales and strengthening our vertical marketing activities it's going to drive good growth for us in retail, in government, in healthcare. And Mike, if you want to add any.
Anders Gustafsson: So first on LaserBand. Healthcare has been a strategic vertical market for us for sometime. It's been our fastest growing vertical market for a probably last five years. It's still doesn't have the same provenance as manufacturing a retail but it's been a very attractive market for us. And Q2 had been great growth in our wristband sales, globally, North America specifically, but also globally. So when we looked at LaserBand, we saw our great fit, a company that can really help to strengthen the Zebra platform. We have been exclusively dealing with external printing solutions and LaserBand has both thermal and laser printed wrist bands. So we saw a great opportunity to basically, more offer broader solutions, be more neutral to when we talk to our customers and whatever preference they have, we could supply. And we accessed a bigger platform so we can continue to expand off. So we thought that was very attractive. And they have very strong position in North America. Their position outside of North America is know where near to strong, so we thought we had great opportunities to leverage our strong international distribution capability to take them into Europe first and also to Asia and back to America.
Anders Gustafsson: The other thing, sure I'd say is these are wristbands that are patented, which you really wouldn't expect in sort of this market. But it is something that's a real competitive advantage that we thought was worthwhile.
Anders Gustafsson: It's really hard to talk about the size of the market in that respect. I would be comfortable saying that between LaserBand and Zebra, we have a very, very, very strong position when it comes to the printed wristbands, but there is also other wristbands that are handwritten and are quite not yet part of the electronic health record mandate. So I think we believe it's a very large market and growing at a very healthy pace. But I don't want to talk about what market share we have.
Anders Gustafsson: No. it's actually, we see them being very complimentary. There are certain applications within a hospital that thermal maybe get better solution. The laser solution, Mike Smiley mentioned, we have a lot of patents around that solution that we've acquired. One of the interesting applications is the laminated band, so it has a very durability content. So it resists a lot what happens in a hospital environment. But the two solutions in combination will find themselves in the same hospital in different applications. But what we want to leverage is the fact that on a combined basis, we become a much more significant brand in the wristbanding space. And we're going to leverage the sales field and infrastructures that we've acquired through LaserBand to drive a lot of sales forward.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. And when you think about the portfolio that we have, when you think about from a hospital supply chain perspective, hospitals offer an enormous possibility for us. And tremendous potential from just simple bar coding at various stages of critical assets all the way through real-time location of those assets, right. So one of the other ultimate opportunities is when you look at all the capital equipment that deployed in a hospital, that the hospitals are very challenged on the ability to find it. Ultimately, locating it quickly and understanding the condition that that piece of equipment is in and is it available for use becomes another longer-term opportunity play for us. So there are number of places for us to go. We can extend other cartridge like thermal applications in non-wristbanding solutions. So when you think about medical specimen labeling, laboratories, things of that nature. So we see the hospital ecosystem as very under penetrated, very underserved, and this is really our first foray in establishing a broader position.
Anders Gustafsson: If you look at our performance in buybacks over the last, I'll say, five years. I think we've bought back about $750 million worth of equity. That's a pretty substantial commitment, I think from our side. At least, I thought if it does that. And we've been able to step-up and down our buybacks based on what we see in the markets very substantially. If you look at Q3 of last year, we actually brought back 1.8 million shares in one quarter. We step down a little bit after that because our share price was performing very nicely in Q4 and Q1. In Q2, we were a bit more cautious as we were working on the LaserBand acquisition. But we're still committed to buying back shares. And I don't think we will say anything has changed with our strategy today.
Anders Gustafsson: So I think in back to what I talked a little bit earlier. We've had various attractive growth rates from our emerging market investments. And in Asia, we've seen great performance out of China, India and other countries over the last three years. But the economic situation in Europe is putting up a bit of a damper on the export oriented business. So that's impacting China to some degree and it's impacting Korea for us. But the other parts I would highlight here would be FX, which is an important factor in many of these countries. So we sell in dollars to them and they sell in their local currency to their customers. So two countries that tend to be particularly sensitive to FX is Brazil and India, and both the Riyal and the Rupee, have weakened substantially against the dollar over the last three months and this year. So that means that our customers are a little more cautious about how to engage with billing inventory or going after deals that they've been. They want to make sure that they protect their margins. But I'd certainly say that we feel very good about our overall strategy, and our ability to continue to grow positively and expand our leadership in the industry. And I think even in the last quarter, where life was a bit, we feel confident that we've continue to extend our leadership and gaining shares in the industry. And it's obviously, in absolute terms it has been quite as attractive, but I think on relative terms, we didn't perform in very well.
Mike Smiley: Actually, if you look at the gross margin adjusted for FX, we reported 48.7% for the second quarter, we restated for FX to be 49.4% compared with 49.6% a year ago. So in reality FX really is a major contributor to our margin.
Mike Smiley: I think as Anders mentioned earlier that the introduction of the ZT200 has been very attractive in the market. So I think we're not expecting sort of a long-term negative reflection on our high-end products. We think that continued very attractive market for us.
Mike Smiley: Yes. So actually I restated Q2 using the same FX rate that would have been affected, that was in place last year. Like our gross margin were gone from 48.7% to 49.4%. Now, keep in mind that adjusting our revenue and also the impact of our hedges. So the full FX impact really sort of puts us right back in the ballpark of where we were a year ago. And when you really think about the business, you realize that although Europe was tough, a lot of that was just exchange rates, so fundamentally the business was now off at March in Europe and given the economy, I think we feel good about that.
Mike Smiley: I think one of the things as we continue to buyback stock. I think we see great value in the company. We look at everything from risk adjusted basis. I will let you know that we spent a fair amount of capital beginning of the third quarter buying LaserBand, roughly $58 million. I don't see us stopping doing buybacks, but we will evaluate all of our alternatives and compare doing acquisitions with M&A and our buybacks and also investing in the company. So at this point, I would say we'll continue to do buybacks likely.
Mike Smiley: At this point, we're not paying a dividend. We talked about that a lot, because we think returning capital to our shareholders is important. We feel like we've returned a lot of capital through share buybacks and we expect, we'll continue to. But at this point we haven't decided to implement a dividend for the company.
Mike Smiley: We did state that it's going to be immediately accretive, but I would let you know, that was not the only hurdle we used for buying that company. We also mentioned that sales for the LaserBand was running on $24 million a year. The gross margin and an operating margin is similar to Zebra. I would say, it's quite better than our regular label business but not as good as the overall business, before what we invested in. We probably we had a very attractive return on capital for that investment.
Mike Smiley: Well, we do plan holding on to LaserBand through the fourth quarter. Obviously, given your margin similar to Zebra and we're running at $24 million annual sales, obviously that would be naturally accretive and naturally we've baked into our forecast.
Mike Smiley: Tony, just a couple other points, I think Anders has covered most of what's really taking place in North America. In the prepared comments, we noted our very solid run rate business in North America that was principally driven from the manufacturing warehousing distribution segment of our business. Tier two retail, as Anders said was very strong and this is particularly encouraging because our tier one retailer was significantly down on a year-over-year basis. And so the offset was very positive. We had roughly 30% growth in the healthcare space in North America, which was fueled by a lot of the wristband applications and this kind of further cements the attractiveness of the LaserBand acquisition. And so it's been a pretty diverse mix. It is the second best quarter ever. It is the strongest quarter since the fourth quarter of 2006 in North America.
Mike Smiley: And then to your question, at the end of the quarter we have about $388 million of cash investments, and roughly $140 million of that is half overseas. I would argue. We don't use a cash conclusion trap. We really think we have some attractive investments overseas that we plan of utilizing. And that's one of the reasons we invested in restructure and our legal entity structure overseas to build investments. We have talked about supplies and stuff overseas trying to build and so we expected to utilize some of that cash overseas, but specifically we $140 million, right now.
Mike Smiley: Maybe the last thing to just say on LaserBand also, that we're very excited about the team that we've got from LaserBand. There is a small team, but they are fully dedicated to the healthcare space. So they're kind of experts in that. And we think we can build a nice organization around. And really take advantage of their vertical expertise.
Mike Smiley: No, it really doesn't. Not really that. It really sort of allows us within our international organization to more freely move capital around outside North America and cost effectively invest it overseas.
Mike Smiley: I would say, Greg, the other piece of that is, if the Andres point, there is a good portion of that market is unprinted today. And when you look the significant amount of population that resides outside of the United States, there is a tremendous amount of opportunity.
Mike Smiley: I don't know that. By the way a good chunk of that was a new proportion that was inventory reductions. And by the way I think we still have the opportunity continue to optimize our inventory. So my sense is we will have a good second half. It may not be quite as strong as the first half, but pretty close to that. Historically, our cash flow in the first half pretended to be weaker than the second half, as we had a number of tax payments, there were due. So we still expect good cash flow for the reminder of the year. And the other I forget to mention is we also had a settlement also had settlement of the net escrowed funds for the sale of Navis in the first quarter but, is also in second quarter. Close in the second half.
