Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered solid fourth quarter results in an exceptionally challenging supply chain environment. For the quarter, we realized adjusted net sales growth of 12% or 10% on an organic basis, adjusted EBITDA of $319 million, a 4% year-over-year increase and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.7%, a 180 basis point decrease. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.54, a 2% increase from the prior year and strong free cash flow. Customer demand is stronger than ever for our solutions that digitize and automate workflows. We realized sales growth across all four regions, supported by exceptional strength in mobile computing, with particularly strong growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Supply chain constraints limited us from fully satisfying our customer demand, particularly for certain data capture and printing offerings. Our teams have been aggressively working to mitigate the impact of the unprecedented industry-wide supply chain challenges by securing new sources of supply, utilizing alternative modalities of transportation and expediting customer shipments. Premium freight costs exceeded our expectations and significantly weighed on gross margin, which was partially offset by higher service and software margin. We also scaled operating expenses while continuing to invest in initiatives to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Our solid fourth quarter performance closed an outstanding full year 2021 in which we generated record sales, EBITDA margin, earnings per share and free cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q4 financial results in more detail and discuss our 2022 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, we've – so we raised our longer term growth outlook to 5% to 7% over cycle versus the historical number we had of 4% to 5% that we had in place since 2014 when we did the Enterprise acquisition. Over the last seven or eight years, we have overachieved that target and we've been more in line with 7%, and we see our overall markets being very strong. We served by some very strong secular trends that are helping to drive demand and as we help to digitize and automate our customers' operations and their workflows and our competitive position remains very, very strong. And we think we have great opportunities in our core. The core continues to perform very well, but also in our adjacencies and in our expansion markets. So you asked specifically about the expansion markets, we include in there only things that we have identified so far where we have plans – or more than plans where we have solutions that are in the markets. So could it expand? Sure, absolutely. It can expand. But we looked at sizing the market to the solutions we have today and the type of applications that they address. So we're not going after – we're not including, say, the entire markets for these funds, but only the markets that we can address today. So as we continue to add functionality that will possibly add to solutions, that total market, served market can expand. We certainly see those as very attractive markets. We have a strong right to play. And we have a differentiated value proposition like in fixed industrial scanning or in robotics. And those markets, we expect to have a materially higher strong double-digit growth rates versus our core, and they will then augment the overall growth rates we have for the company.
Anders Gustafsson: So our market share is very strong. We peg overall market share at about mid-40% for our core, where mobile computer would be a little bit higher. Printing is thereabout so maybe a little higher and a little lower for scanning. But the overall market share, we peg around mid-40%. And the growth rate is based on independent market research for those markets as well as an expectation that with the focus in investments we're doing, we will be able to continue to gain some share, although not quite at the same pace as we have for the last several years.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So we include RFID in the adjacent markets for us. It's – we've been in the RFID space for a long time. So it is very much a close adjacency to our core, where we have a strong right to play and our solutions are very much tied together. I would think of it as it's not either or type thing that customers either by RFID or the buyer regular solutions, our RFID solution go on top of our traditional products. So if you want to say, print and encode an RFID label, it is one of our traditional label printers with an RFID encoder attached to it. And similar, if you want to read the labels that is an attachment to sled or something like that on our mobile computers. So it is an incremental part of our core business, but it's not the supplement. Or it's a supplement, but not a substitute for our core. And the market continues to grow very nicely. We've seen apparel retail, probably the main driver so far. We're looking at in-store inventory accuracy as one of the big drivers. But it's been spreading across more different categories within retail but also we see now moving into other industries, so manufacturing being able to track components or subassemblies through a supply chain or in health care to be able to do a number of attractive use cases there also.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We see that as a nice addition to the business because, one, they would have to augment, say, either printing or mobile computers with RFID capabilities or they could also, of course, use overhead RFID readers, which will be a new business for us with UPS. So we see that as a very attractive adjacent growth opportunity for Zebra.
Anders Gustafsson: We expect the broad-based growth across based on the entire business of verticals, geographies and product lines. Specific to verticals, I’d highlight health care and manufacturing as two high-growth opportunities for us. They have high need for – to digitize their operations and workflows, and say today, there’s an underpenetration – relative underpenetration of our type of technologies within those verticals.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, as context, I’d say that we provided a record profitable results for the full year of 2021 and record Q4. And we were able to do that in a very challenging supply chain environment. The situation is clearly very volatile and Omicron as an example, has impacted the pace of recovery across all the verticals we serve and globally. But the demand environment is very strong and has ramped very fast over the past year or so. And we continue to put our customers first. So we prioritize making sure we can meet our customer delivery times and customer commitments to the extent we can. Now there are times when we have not been able to meet the traditional lead times the way we would like, but that’s all been supply chain related. But we’re working very hard with our partners and our customers to minimize any impact on our customers’ business or our partners business in this area. And we do believe that the challenges are peaking, and we anticipate both freight and component availability to improve as we go through the year here. Specifically on the component side, I’d say that the impacts on availability and pricing of components that we source there is. So it’s – some are much more impacted than others. So it’s certainly a very dynamic environment in that way. But we – as we said, we’ve been working very – all angles to make sure that we secure as much of supply as we can. We have worked on building more resiliency overall into our supply chain. We have been negotiating long-term supply agreements with both new and existing suppliers. We are working with our suppliers to ensure we get our fair share of allocations. And we’ve dedicated a substantial part of our engineering organization to product redesign to basically design out long lead time parts. As we look into kind of Q2 and the rest of the year though, we do have better visibility and better supply commitments to some of these critical components as we enter Q2. So that’s part of what gives us the confidence for the full year. And so we do expect some gradual improvements as we go through the year.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So there’s some inflationary environment across all the commodities, but we would not have been – not to the extent that we will make that a talking point in our earnings calls, if it weren’t for the semiconductor side.
Anders Gustafsson: The growth between AIT and EVM is actually quite similar. It's not materially different. EVM would likely have a slightly higher growth rate, but not materially so.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. No, happy to do that. And I'll ask Joe to also then provide some color after my comments here. But the expansion that we feel today that we can address about $6 billion of opportunity there. The fixed industrial scanning machine vision part is about $2 billion, warehouse autonomous mobile robots is approaching $1 billion and our software solutions are about $3 billion. So that gives you kind of the overall scope of that. We are very excited about all three of these. We have good traction, good customer receptivity on the fixed industrial scanning machine vision side, we have some very attractive wins already, and we continue to add functionality, so we can address more and more of the market. But one particularly attractive win, I think, for us last year or in – I think it was Q4 was in automotive, where we could read – there was a bake-off and we showed very well on our ability to read some DPM type of markings, was better than for the competition, and we were selected based on that. But I'd say here also the overall value proposition we have in fixed industrial scanning around the ease of use and the ease of upgrades using software to operate rather than having to change your cameras are very well received. And we are also working hard on – we have established a new fixed industrial scanning machine vision track in our PartnerConnect program. So we want to make sure we recruit partners to help us scale the business in a very cost-effective way and get better reach that we can do ourselves in that time frame. And we've always been very partner-centric. So we think this is a great way to both provide new opportunities for our existing partners as well as recruit new partners from that industry.
Anders Gustafsson: Joe, I just want to add on the AMR side. We have a very differentiated value proposition in the warehouse automation space, where our robot competitors, they work very hard on optimizing the movement and the use of the robot. And people who are more on the equipment side would try to optimize the movement of workers. Since we have both, we're trying to optimize the overall workflow and coordinate the movement of robots and frontline workers to drive the most productivity enhancements. And I think that value proposition resonates very well with customers.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'll start and then Nathan can talk about the leverage levels here. But first on M&A, we view M&A as a top priority for us, and we're very excited about the outlook for the business, and we see M&A as a vector for growth. We're not looking to do M&A for the sake of M&A, say, but this is to help accelerate our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. So think of Fetch was a great example of how we could accelerate our reach and expand our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision here into the warehouse automation space. So you can expect that we can be looking at some targeted bolt-on acquisitions as well as high-growth acquisitions that truly advance our vision. And we do see opportunities in digitizing and automating workflows that is kind of the sweet sport for what we're looking for. And yes, as you noted, our balance sheet is strong, so we can support a certain number of acquisitions.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. So just to wrap up, our primary focus continues to be the health and safety of those on the front line, and I would like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to serve customers and deliver record 2021 results in a challenging supply chain environment. We are optimistic that we are now seeing the peak of these challenges, and we are working hard to minimize these impacts. So thank you, and have a great day, everyone.
Nathan Winters: Thanks, Tommy. So if you look – we entered the quarter, as we said in our prepared remarks, with a very strong backlog, good bookings momentum here early in the quarter. The guide of 1% to 3% really reflects constrained supply, not demand, driven by very specific and certain component shortages within our Printing and DCS business. Without that, we would expect to be at least as high as our full year guide unconstrained. But with that said, we do see improved visibility into those components later in the quarter and into the early part of the second. So we'd expect a solid rebound in Q2 and then gives us line of sight to our full year guide. And on the full year guide of 3% to 7%, and as we said in the prepared remarks that confident as ever about our business. We do anticipate improved supply chain constraints throughout the year. It's obviously a dynamic environment, but we've secured commitment and we do see improved visibility here over the next few months. And that would also assume increased growth in the last nine months of the year, again, due to the strong backlog demand, along with the recent targeted price increases that go into effect here at the end of the month. Let's say all that while being somewhat cautious in our overall growth assumptions given the supply chain challenges.
Nathan Winters: Overall, it does, particularly if you look from an EBITDA rate, we do assume a favorable deal mix. So a slightly higher percentage of run rate versus deal mix compared to 2021. But obviously, that becomes a little bit harder to predict as we get into the second half of the year.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So a few – maybe I'll start with the last question there. If you look from our assumptions, particularly in Q1, we are still assuming that we're almost shipping, particularly in printing, exclusively via air versus ocean. Although, we do expect that to shift as we move throughout the year. So getting back to more normalized levels in the second half. So that's assumed in the full year guide from a margin rate perspective. Now when you look at the price increases, particularly the one we did here this month, that ranged from 0% to 8%. Again, it was not a general increase similar to what we did in September. It was very specific to the product family region based on a competitive position as well as the cost increases we're seeing in those respective product families. And that represents a little less than point of sales growth contribution for the year. And it is something we'll always continue to assess and look at. And if we need to increase prices again based on the competitive positioning and/or the inflationary environment, we'll do so.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So as you mentioned, we’ve had a long track record of driving profitable growth. And at a EBITDA level and EBITDA margin, we believe that can go higher, and we have many levers to do that. Maybe if you look at our full year guide here of 23% to 24% in the midpoint, that’s 2 points higher than we were in 2019, while expanding into these new expansion markets. And those expansion markets come with higher gross margin and the team has continued to focus on operational efficiency, by the way, growing at 2 points despite the transitory cost increases. So yes, it’s definitely still an objective for the company and something we can continue to do over the long-term.
Nathan Winters: Yes. Maybe Keith, it might be a little over a point. The 1 here in February is larger in size. And you just have – both of those slightly impacted by timing in terms of they went into effect in terms of our full year impact on 2022.
Nathan Winters: Keith, I would say from a freight perspective, our air and ocean rates towards the end of the fourth quarter were 5x higher than what they were pre-pandemic. And as we’ve said, expediting both component parts, finished goods and shipping almost exclusively all of our printing air versus ocean. But rates are beginning to recover from the peak in December, still significantly higher than even the first half last year and definitely from the beginning of the pre-pandemic. And we’ll need some time to get print back on the ocean. And I think we still believe that these are largely transitory, but the world has changed, and we need to wait and see how the landscape settles to the extent that will go all the way back down to zero, that we’ll have to wait and see how that plays out.
Nathan Winters: Yes, Damian, and I mentioned this a little bit earlier on the comments – the question from Eric, but we didn’t have an explicit target on EBITDA margin, although we do believe it can continue to scale and grow over the cycle. And as you pointed out, many levers to do that, including the – all these expansion markets typically come with higher gross margin and that will come through an EBITDA as we scale those respective businesses as well as churn through some of the transitory costs that are currently within the P&L. And I think ultimately, our goal is to continue to drive double-digit EPS growth through all the levers we have available to us.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So the initial deployment for USPS, we did complete in the – late in the third quarter, early fourth quarter, but our teams have continued to remain highly engaged with the post office. We have a healthy pipeline of opportunities here for 2022. And our current assumption within our 2022 guide is that we will sell less to USPS. So we are cycling through that. But again, have many other opportunities, as Joe mentioned earlier around other large deals in the pipeline, just like we do any other year to offset that and continue to grow.
Nathan Winters: That's right. Again, every year, we have a large deployments and rollouts. And again, we have new and other opportunities to offset that to reach the – our full year guide for 2022.
Nathan Winters: No, I think just add, we ended at 0.5x net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And again, comfortable with the overall debt levels. And that gives a lot of opportunity and flexibility to address the M&A market, as Anders has mentioned.
Nathan Winters: That's right. Obviously, the first priority is investment in the business, both organically and inorganically. But we still believe share repurchase is a good way to return capital to shareholders. We were active in the fourth quarter, and we've been active to date here in the first quarter with share repurchases.
Joe Heel: I could add some color as well. This is Joe Heel speaking. As you saw in Q4, we had strong large deal flow. And if we look at our backlogs and pipelines, we also have continued strong large deal flow. We have no shortage of demand.
Joe Heel: Maybe I’ll add something, Jim. I would say that there’s definitely an incremental piece to it, but there’s also some substitution. I’ll give you two quick examples. In apparel retail, most of the supply chain has replaced barcoding with RFID now, at least in the more advanced retailers, and that’s probably a substitution. Because they’re using that now throughout their operations as they would have before barcodes. On the other hand, we see a lot of applications, for example, pallets. Pallets have in the past, hardly ever been tracked. But with RFID, we can now track them. And so putting RFID labels on pallets is a great way to ensure much greater efficiency of pallet logistics, which is surprisingly a big problem. So that’s an indication of the incremental nature that we do see.
Joe Heel: Yes. I was going to give you one example, Damian. So in 2015, we closed the largest deal at that time in Zebra’s history in mobile computing, which was a postal service in Europe with the first purchase of TC70 at that time. And they have just refreshed their mobile computers last year. So it was about a six-year cycle for them. And you can see that others have followed suit. And as Andrew said, the replacement cycles have gotten shorter. So going from five to six years, closer to the three to four year period, in many cases.
Joe Heel: I can add a little bit. Maybe just to underline that PartnerConnect. We've made excellent progress in recruiting partners. We set ourselves a goal, both in the U.S. and Europe to recruit the premier partners that deploy these solutions. And that's very important because these are complex solutions set up in these manufacturing and warehouse environments. We've made excellent progress in doing that. And the reason that we've been able to do that is that Andres called ease of use. And that's particularly important for partners because they want to set up new solutions quickly and with few resources. And that's where our solutions are different from the rest of the market is that you can do that much faster with our solutions and that's what's attracting many partners. So we're very pleased with that. On the Fetch business, I think we have the big milestone that I hope you've taken note of is that we've expanded from conveyance robots. So robots that move things from point A to point B in the warehouse to fulfillment robots, which are ones that are used to support pickers in e-commerce fulfillment activities. That's a large and very fast-growing part of the market, as you can easily imagine. And we've had an outstanding win here with one of the big e-commerce players here in the fourth quarter already, which, of course, is going to be a very important reference for us. So we're very pleased with the progress in both machine vision and the autonomous mobile robots.
Joe Heel: We do. So we have a good number of our existing partners have already been active in the machine vision space. I would tell you though that the majority of partners that we expect to have will be new partners that are specialized and highly proficient in this area as their exclusive or dominant focus. But we do have a good number that we're starting with already.
Joe Heel: Yes. I would add. I mean, if you – Anders described the objective well, right? We have a very strong presence, right? If you think about the fact that 94 of the Fortune 100 in the U.S. are now Zebra customers. We have account managers on those, and we want to leverage those. And then on the other hand, we have specialists that need to bring specialized expertise, but also a special understanding of the specific personas that are making the purchases, which would be, for example, human resources purchasers or store operations purchasers. These are – these overlay organizations Anders called them, we also refer to them as specialist sales organizations. These are meaningful organizations, which have both salespeople. They have application engineers or consultants. They have business development in them, and they have channel management in them. So these are becoming large organizations that are dedicated to driving that particular frame in concert with the account managers that are now maintaining the overall relationship for us across the multitude of offerings that we have.
