Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, I would like to emphasize that our top priority continues to be the health and wellbeing of our employees, customers and partners. I am particularly grateful for all of the frontline workers, including medical professionals who continue to serve our communities and keep us safe. Zebra and many of our many of our customers' workplaces have commenced reopening plans, and I am very proud of the ability of our teams to effectively serve our customers and partners, while working remotely through the peak of the pandemic. In Q2, our teams remained agile and executed very well through pandemic. It has been inspiring for me to see our employees rally to keep the business and each other moving forward. Although, the financial results we published this morning reflect a challenging second quarter environment as we navigated through the peak of the crisis. Zebra's longer term prospects have strengthened as secular trends to digitize and automate workflows have accelerated with the pandemic. In Q2, we realized a net sales decline of 12%. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.3%, which contracted by 290 basis points and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.41, a 20% decrease from the prior year. As the virus spread end market weakness affected all of our major geographies, particularly our Asia-PAC and Latin America regions. The impact was most pronounced in our run rate business, which required our distributors to reduce their inventory levels. However, sales growth in services was the bright spot and enterprise mobile computing relatively outperformed. Although, premium shipping costs due to the pandemic impacted gross margin more than we had anticipated. We diligently managed discretionary costs across the company to preserve profitability and cash flow. Despite the challenging environment, our enterprise customers have been prioritizing spend with Zebra. Our solutions are a key enabler of their strategy to digitize their operations, as well as supporting the central use cases during pandemic. Large order volume was strong across vertical markets increasing over the prior year. I would like to highlight some notable Q2 wins from large customers supporting critical use cases. A leading home improvement retailer expanded their relationship with us by purchasing 10,000 of our printers to address multiple front-of-store use cases, including curbside pickup and in aisle label printing. Their shift to mobile on demand printing is expected to significantly improve worker productivity and replaced a competitor's stationary printers. We also secured a competitive takeaway win with a federal retail commissary to deploy more than 7,000 mobile computers. Our solution enables this customer to satisfy multiple use cases, including curbside pickup. We were pleased to support a large healthcare organization by providing a wide range of mobile computers, scanners, and printers to quickly ramp their point-of-care and clinical communication needs as they added 4,000 hospital beds to treat COVID patients. Additionally, as expected, we began deploying TC7 Series mobile computers to USPS postal carriers in late Q2. We expect the majority of the deployment to occur in 2021. We continue to collaborate with these customers to support their essential needs and drive it further improvement in their workflows. I am pleased that we have substantially completed our global product sourcing diversification initiative, despite modest delays due to the pandemic. Replicating production lines outside of China into broader Asia mitigates supply chain risk, and enables us to avoid tariffs on our U.S. imports. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q2 financial results and discuss our outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'd say in this environment, our solutions have become even more critical for our customers than they were before. And we are uniquely positioned to empower frontline workers across all our end markets. So I'd say the crisis has been accelerating a number of secular trends around digitization and automation. And I think that probably spans all our vertical markets, all four key vertical markets. If you dig in a little bit deeper on retail, I'd say grocers, which were certainly on a large part of our customer base before, e-tailers, grocers, mass merchants are about two-thirds of our business, but the growth in just grocery revenues, but particularly buy online pickup-in-store has been quite significant. And we've seen grocers across the -- particularly in the U.S. but across -- certainly Europe and the U.S. invest materially in enabling, scaling up their ability to do omni-channel in particularly buy online pickup at store. So that has been a big change. I think buy online pickup at store has gone from being more of a niche application before to now mainstream. And I'd say across the board in retail that customers who say we're in segments that were struggling a bit more before or during the downturn, I think everybody recognizes now that they can't be a 100% reliant on in-store purchases that omni-channel and the e-commerce side of their businesses needs to grow or expand. So, we see people spending more and more -- giving more attention to kind of omni-channel part of their business and how to be able to respond to situations like the one we had in Q2.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So are very excited about the addition of the Reflexis team to Zebra and that business. We've known each other for quite a long time. Reflexis has been a premier IC partner of Zebra. And we've been in dialogue with them about this transaction for some time. The transaction very much helps to augment our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision of empowering every worker at the edge with insights that drive real-time action. So, this is entirely consistent with our broader vision. And it leverages our existing software assets and some of our hardware. So, if you think of Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, which looks at all sorts of data sources to glean insights and drive actions that can now fuel Reflexis' engine of driving actions, too. And our Workforce Connect can be one of the ways that we augment the Reflexis platform to have a more efficient way of communicating between employees and workers to ensure the right person get the right action at the right time.
Anders Gustafsson: It's -- obviously, we serve most retail customers. So, there's a lot of overlap. And we think there's great opportunity for us to do some cross-selling and up-selling across the portfolio. If you look specifically at how the customer base of Reflexis has performed during the lockdown, two-thirds of their customers were open and operated like normal. About one-sixth had some partial shutdowns or slowdowns, and one-sixth were fully shutdown, but are now open.
Anders Gustafsson: So, first, I think, the acquisition of Reflexis is very consistent with our broader approach that we've talked about for some time to align with our strategy of either driving growth in our core -- identifying, acquiring companies that expand our leadership in the core or rapidly grow in near adjacencies or accelerate our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. And Reflexis fits into the accelerating the Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. I don't think -- we don't think of it as a big departure from how we have thought about the business, or how we have executed over the last few years. Software has become a bigger and bigger part of it. The last three acquisitions now including Reflexis have been pure software acquisitions. Although, I'm not saying that, that by any means, it's going to be -- that's the only thing we're focusing on for the future, but we are building more and more software assets and software capabilities. And even internally, more than two-thirds of our engineers are software engineers. So, software is clearly a very important part of how we deliver value to our customers, even if that is as a standalone software offering or as a more integrated solution between hardware and software.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll let Joe comment here also afterwards. But we have seen -- I guess, first, stabilization and signs of improvement in our run rate business and -- which we tend to kind of talk about them as run rate and SMB as being the same, but they're not necessarily the same, but it's not. Now, I think the SMB segment was harder hit by the shutdown. Most SMB companies were not deemed essential and therefore, were shutdown harder. And we have also more manufacturers that's part of our SMB or run rate business, but we are seeing them return to more healthy outlook and sequential growth. We also say that our -- we work hard to make sure that we maintained healthy inventory levels within our channel. So, when sales out numbers went down a little bit in Q2, sales in went down more. So, the end markets were somewhat healthier than our sales numbers would indicate. But now we're in a position to start growing with them as the economy expands.
Anders Gustafsson: We have seen larger deals push into future quarters more dependent than on the type of customer. So, some would be retailers that had to shutdown altogether in Q2. They tended to push if they had bigger orders on the books into future quarters. Another example will be around, say, RFID, which often requires more in-store activities and also focus more on apparel or fashion retailers. So, anything that had to do with -- where we had to go into our customers' facilities to setup and implement the solutions would get pushed. But that's been offset by other customers that were operating and had to really scale up their operations to deal with the increased business that we're getting as part of the shutdown.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think, our -- many of our software solutions did very well. If you look at, say, Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, as an example, we were able to win several new customers in Q2, and we were able to win and implement those customers without actually having to go on site. So that was one of the benefits of having a software solution like that. But other intelligent edge solutions that require onsite proof-of-concepts, pilots and so forth, they tended to be pushed out, and we're not growing the way we had expected.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. The -- I'd say the larger orders that we've seen in retail in the last quarter or plus are really to help our existing customers scale their operations. So, it's not -- they're not necessarily building ahead or anything like that. So, I don't see a need for them to, say, pause or catch or deploy and catch up on the operations side with what they have deployed. But obviously there's many customers and somehow different profiles than others. But generally, they are just basically trying to deploy devices into existing use cases where they scale in line with the number of headcount they have or the revenues they have for those applications.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. The printer business is more -- has a much higher proportion of run rate as part of its revenue stream. It supports more SMB and manufacturing customers. So, the profile of the customer base is -- was more exposed to COVID-19 shutdowns or slowdowns. I'd say if we dig into the printing portfolio a little deeper, our card printing business was particularly hard hit. Card printing, they do -- they support events. Obviously, there weren't a lot of events in Q2. Badges for employees, drivers' licenses, all sorts of things that were hit more harder. But we did start to see -- particularly manufacturing opportunities to resurface in Asia-PAC later in Q2. And if you look at our supplies business, Temptime had a very strong Q2 and grew its vial monitoring solutions for existing vaccines. And we were doing things in emerging markets for COVID-19 test kits. And once we get a proper vaccine, we see opportunities for that to continue to do well. We also worked here on making sure that the channel had appropriate inventory positions. So, we did reduce inventory in the channel, but kept the days on hand just stable. So, we're coming out of this with a healthy inventory position where we can grow the business now in line with how the economy grows. But we do believe that we actually gained share in printing in the first half of this year. So, based on all our data points, we believe that we actually gained some share.
Anders Gustafsson: So, we've talked about our core markets being around $10 billion in size and that we have we've had an incremental $15 billion market size in our adjacent markets, right? The -- and some of those adjacent markets that took us from $10 billion to $25 billion in total size will include tablets, supplies, RFID. Our -- many of our software solutions are new. And there is no -- it's a little difficult to say what the TAM is because they -- you could calculate it by, say, if every retailer on the planet were to deploy it, the TAM would be very, very large. It's not quite that today, but it is a substantial TAM and it's a higher -- faster growing market than our core markets. So, clearly, this expands our addressable markets and positions us to participate in additional high growth markets where we also get attractive synergies by being able to cross-sell and up-sell.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you. So, to wrap up, I would like to thank our employees, customers and partners who are working in the frontline during this challenging time. And we're also looking forward to welcoming the Reflexis team once we close the transaction. Stay safe everyone.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. Good morning, Andrew. So, you're right. We expect in the quarter EBITDA margin to be around 19%. So, OpEx as a proportion of revenue will decline year-on-year and gross margin should -- rate should decline due to two factors. First, plenum freight, that would be about the point of impact in the quarter, but also mainly higher level of large deals in the quarter. We had mentioned that now for two quarters. Our business, large deal business is doing very well, actually growing year-on-year and expected to grow in Q3 and in Q2 and our run rate business has been impacted mainly by the pandemic. We believe that this trend will not last, that's point number one. We believe that run rate is starting to increase and will keep increasing. And an important point on the like-for-like basis, margin has been improving.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. We entered Q3 with a solid backlog position. It was quite strong considering the overall environment, but that was driven by the high proportion of larger deals. So, we've seen a lot of our larger customers, particularly in retail and T&L accelerate their investments. And they also then -- in this case gave us the orders prior to the start of the quarter. And that gives us, obviously, a great deal of confidence in the outlook we give for Q3. Joe, I don't know if you have any further comments here.
Olivier Leonetti: But it's correct to say -- the pipeline for Q4 is good. So we feel encouraged about kind of the way that the market seems to be recovering. And the final comment, Andrew, we're not giving, of course, a guide for Q4. Too many uncertainties at the moment for obvious reasons. But we believe that Q4 from a revenue standpoint and profitability standpoint will be an improvement relative to Q3.
Olivier Leonetti: And in terms of customer concentration, Jim, the asset has a low level of concentration of sales towards a few customers, and Reflexis has been performing extremely well during the pandemic.
Olivier Leonetti: We believe that the asset will indeed increase the overall margin of the business, I mean, not only because it's software, but also because of the impact it will have on the hardware part of the business as well. So, very synergic from a revenue and margin standpoint.
Olivier Leonetti: So, Q2 had an USPS order. This order was shipped at the end of the quarter, so relatively material to the quarter. USPS is ramping in Q3. But as we have said before, the large majority of the USPS order will be shipped next year, probably in the first half of next year. And we're not going to talk about margin, of course, of USPS today. But usually large deals have a lower margin and run rate, so it would impact the company rate.
Olivier Leonetti: So, it's -- let me try to cover the key points on this. So, if you look at, going forward, in terms of transitory cost, we are now done and our supply chain did an amazing job in diversifying our supply chain out of China. So, this work is done. And we're not going to have any impact due to tariff going forward. So that's not part of Q3 and obviously, forward P&L. So that's point number one. Point number two. We're going to have some impact due to premium freight in Q3. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that about $9 million -- about 80 basis points worth of margin rate, that will decrease towards the end of the year. And we believe that this trend should now stop going forward. So that would be a second item. When it comes to OpEx. We have been able to manage OpEx and adjust OpEx as revenue was declining. We'll keep doing that in the year. Now you are asking, do we have some of those OpEx reductions, which are going to be permanent? We believe so. It would be premature to mention a number today, because we want to keep investing in the business as well.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. Your number is about right. I mean, if I was to give you the phasing and maybe we can take that after the call of today. Tariff impact in Q1 was about one point. That is transitory. In Q2, the impact of tariff and premium freight was about two points. Premium freight impact in Q3 will be about one point. And we believe that all those transitory costs to a large extent will be gone by Q4 onwards. And we take the details after this call as well.
Olivier Leonetti: You're right, Rich. If you look at today, in terms if you look at Q2 and Q3, we believe we're going to be able to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue in about the same level. And then in terms of margin, we're going to have over those two quarters the same impact of large bid mix, which would impact gross margin. But we believe that largely those trends will stop as we enter into the fourth quarter. That's why I indicated during an earlier question that profitability in Q4 will certainly increase relative to Q3 and Q2.
Olivier Leonetti: I think you summarized it well. We see all the regions improving in Q3 and Q4 relative to Q2. But the main recovery is outside North America. You're absolutely right.
Joe Heel: Well, we have a strong backlog position, as Anders and Olivier said. Some of the projects are multi-quarter, so we do have some backlog already building for future quarters, but it's too early to determine how strong relatively our future quarter backlog will be.
Joe Heel: Maybe I can add one or two things. This is Joe Hill speaking. Generally speaking, besides, the buy online pickup-in-store, productivity and resiliency are at a premium for our retailers and think not only at the store, but also the warehouses. And so, the types of solutions that we have in improving productivity warehouses, where there's less reliance on workers to do tasks, including things like the investments that we made in Locus Robotics, are going to be an increasing trend in retail, which also helps improve their resiliency when there are incidents, for example, in a warehouse. And this also extends to contact free solutions. One of the features of BOPIS is that it's contact free. And there are other contact free elements of the retail interaction that we think will be here to stay, for example, payment transactions or contracts free kiosks as opposed to interaction with workers. So, those are a few other trends that we're seeing that generally benefit us in retail.
Joe Heel: Two additional comments. Remember that nearly half of our business is outside of the U.S. And in regions, including Asia, as well as in Europe, we are seeing the run rate business improve. Whereas in the U.S., it's still a bit too early to say that we have a sustained improvement. But, for example, in several countries in Asia, we are seeing growth in our run rate. Second, in terms of the channels themselves, it is fair to say that our channel business among our larger partners has been stronger than it has been among our smaller partners. It may be too early to speak of a consolidation, but it would be -- but at least that is what we are seeing.
Joe Heel: And one further data point just on that. In China, our printing business is rebounding faster than our other businesses. So that gives you an indication that there is a positive trend that will likely come back at the end of this cycle.
Joe Heel: Although, I think, in the second half, we have a substantial number of large deals that are North America centric, with North American customers having increased demand for the products that they have been buying from us previously. And so, I think, our overall deal mix will not shift that much, even though the recovery in particular on the run rate will be stronger outside of the U.S.
