Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Andres. Before we open the call to your questions. Let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Doug Fox: Thank you very much and thank you everybody for joining us today. Our next regularly scheduled conference call will be at our fourth quarter earnings call some time in February. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Anders Gustafsson: The enterprise business was up 8% sequentially. We had strong growth in North America, Latin America and Europe but that was offset by a significant decline in Asia Pac. So some of the highlights I would draw your attention to will be several large wins of Android devices. So this year, we have seen Android becoming a much stronger factor in the retail and T&L space. Hardware were actually grew by double digits in the quarter, so that was very nice sequentially. And we did see some of those operational issues that we highlighted three months back to subsidy. So I would say, we saw a great sequential performance from Zion was up more than 50% still down year-over-year. But, that was big improvement. And the supply chain issues that we have experienced there I expect it will be completed resolved as we enter 2015. We had other supply chain issues more largely around the introduction of new warehouse management systems for the distribution centers. And I would say they were also largely resolving in the quarter and after we got over to the new ERP system as our integrated company now, we were up and running and shift in volume already at the end of last week – sorry, at the end of the first week. So I think that was a good testament to the integration activities there. And lastly, in China, obviously, China has continued to perform poorly, but we worked with enterprise business or guided them to some activities to help stabilize the business particularly taking some channel management actions to improve relationships and other things there to position ourselves for growth as we go forward. We have a lot of work to do on the talent side. But, I'd say here, now as we close we get the benefit of the Zebra team to who has a lot of experience in China and a proven track record to also help in driving that. So we are looking to leverage the Zebra leadership as we come together. But, I do expect that it will take some time before China becomes a humming part of our portfolio. And maybe lastly as we come together as a single phase 2 to our customers in 2015, I do have increased confidence in the combined business.
Anders Gustafsson: So I think for Q4 of last year was a particularly strong quarter for the Enterprise business, so if you are on a constant currency basis it will likely be down more like low to mid single digits. And again, if you look at the regions you will see good performance in Europe, North America and Latin America and Asia Pac bringing performance down quite a bit for the entire group. But I expect as we start getting into more improved execution we will be able to get more predictable results and as the integration comes together you find some more near term opportunities to help drive growth. And but, we still feel comfortable with our long-term guidance of having the business grow by 4% to 5% through cycle.
Anders Gustafsson: Good question. I think there is a couple of things that go on. First of all, there is purchase accounting that's going to have to flow into our P&L along with that we are still getting our hands around how we will migrate half of transition service agreements how that will result in actual expenses going forward. So there is a lot of moving pieces coming together with fourth quarter type expense numbers. We will as we discussed our fourth quarter results, we will give a full view of what we see them to be in the first quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think it probably makes it a little bit more lumpy, I think when you see – look at how – the range of forecast guidance that we give into future. It might be a little of wider than what we would have had for the traditional Zebra business as the large deals they – if you do get them, you get the big bump, but if you don't get it also of course impacts the other side. So it will likely mean that we will be a bit more bumpy, lumpy.
Anders Gustafsson: First I will give you good guidance for both businesses here. So Zebra first we have a – in our outlook we see – still continue to see very favorable business conditions. We are poised to have a very strong finish to the year. Fourth quarter is going to be up approximately 7%...
Anders Gustafsson: Year-over-year and the 2014 is looking to be up about 14% year-over-year. So this is – we consider this to be very good results. We feel very good about this. 3Q was very, very strong quarter for us. All four regions had record revenues. We had record product revenues in our table top category mobile, card and our labels. So it's where do we get that many records in one quarter. And we certainly feel that we expanded our leadership position in the industry in the quarter or through the year. And we feel quite confident in our outlook for the combined business here. On the enterprise business, I would say we expect continued momentum as we exit Q3 into Q4. So the business will be down year-over-year some 6%, 7% in absolute terms but, probably about 3% to 5% in constant currency. We will be up or slightly up I would say year-over-year in all regions with exception of Asia. So it is – they should stable your experiencing or fairly well defined around Asia, China and Australia particularly. And I would expect that we will start seeing improvements in the enterprise business from renewed focus on execution and being really – everybody living and breathing and owning one business. And still think we are going to be very thoughtful and deliberate in how we go by integrating the business to make sure that we get the benefits, but we don't stub our toe on anything we can avoid.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think again if you were to look it through the lens of the geographic region also, I would say our data capture and mobile computing business and services have been doing well in the three main regions. Asia is obviously pulling everybody down there. The wireless LAN business tends to be a bit more choppy. They can have a good quarter but in next quarter can be more weak. So I think we have more work to do to make sure that we position the wireless LAN business for more consistent performance and consistent growth.
Anders Gustafsson: Mobile computers and data capture have been performing well in the three main regions. There have been – so the performance have been pulled down say by Asia but if you exclude Asia all the product – of those product categories will be doing well.
Anders Gustafsson: I will start it kind of at the high level here and then we get into a bit more detail for you. But, I would say first, as we start looking at the integration now, our priorities start with growth making sure we get the combined business back to growth particularly the enterprise business to consistent steady growth rates. The second priority is around execution. We now according to large organizations together and as we do that we need to make sure we can really execute very, very crisply, very tightly. So we are going to have a lot of attention on the integration activities and how we roll out new programs to make sure we can really demonstrate our excellence in execution. And the third priority will be around how we can create a common culture for the organization. We are looking very much to make sure that's an externally oriented culture, so very customer centric where our customers provide the true Northstar for us to the direction. More specifically than to what the more shorter term opportunities are for the combined business I would say. First, we expect to go deeper and wider within our enterprise account I think with the combination of our broader portfolio now we are going to have some accounts that are predominantly say a Zebra account and some are predominantly an enterprise account. Now, we get a chance to go and expand the total footprint with those. We also believe that we have opportunities to take share in the channel where we have two good channel programs. And I think with tighter execution around the channel, we should be able to gain some ground there also. We also believe that we have good opportunities to expand both vertically and geographically, but maybe particularly vertically in the short-term where the Zebra side we have very strong positions in healthcare and manufacturing stronger than the enterprise side. But on the other hand, the Enterprise business has stronger positions in retail and transportation logistics than us that we think we can benefit from. And lastly, we will put a lot of focus on services and services tax rate, annuity tax rate, the services and supplies to make sure that we provide a broader offering to our customers, which seems to resonate well in our work so far. I don't Mike, do you want to…
Anders Gustafsson: I think it varies, I wouldn't say that they are particularly aligned. I think take retail as an example where we both have strong positions. The way retailers buy is often that they buy one device before the other. They may evaluate in kind of in parallel but often they do buy one and then go on to the other one. So I wouldn't expect that we would have a perfect kind of synchronicity between the different product portfolios that we have in various industries. But, over a global basis I certainly would expect that there will be a – we will get the benefit of being very diversified across geographies products and verticals.
Anders Gustafsson: Our aspiration clearly is that the – by combining the two businesses, we should have – we should get the benefit of the diversity we have – of the greater diversity we have.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we will look at the overall portfolio and we certainly will look at and say skew rationalization. We have on the Zebra side we are working that for years so trying to make sure we rationalize and reduce the number of skews to make it easier for us as what to manufacture and keep inventory and serve our customers right. I think we have a similar opportunity to do that also with the enterprise business to kind of simply the portfolio a bit. But obviously, we also want to make sure we do grow with that is the primary purpose of this whole thing.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Europe had very based strength. We were up in 10 out of 13 sub-regions particularly encouraged to get see strong growth from many of the southern European markets, we mentioned particularly along with U.K. and Germany. But there are also some choppy headwinds that we see from – I would say primarily today from FX. So the Euro has declined against the dollar quite a bit, but also some of the political activities in the far eastern regions of Europe. But the overall, we see very solid growth for both Zebra and the enterprise business as we go forward. The pipeline looks good, the run rate continues to be good and have a good momentum.
Anders Gustafsson: I think what we have been talking about is that we will be sort of mid-double between 10% and 15% on a GAAP basis, but we will be closer to 30% to 35% on a cash basis next year. So I think that's sort of our view what will happen is the both of those rates will converge to about 20% at the end of five years. So that's sort of our view obviously we are still pulling a lot of information together. But, to get to where we want but I think the nice thing is that that at the end of five years and throughout the entire time, we will build the repatriate cash without negative tax consequences so that the cash would be available to repay debt which will increase bottom line earnings.
Anders Gustafsson: No. We are feeling good about that. I would say we are really confident in the model that we've given. So at this point we don't have anything to suggest they should be different than we have been talking about the last six months.
Anders Gustafsson: Just to add one thing to that. I think I believe is more accentuated in this cycle than prior ones is that I believe we have been able to extend our leadership position in the industry in at a greater pace than we have historically. We have talked about bifurcation of the competitive landscape a bit. And I think that's still the case that we have continued to grow faster than the market at the high end and some other people at the very low end are probably also growing a bit faster than the market. But, the people in the middle I think are feeling the pressure and probably not growing quite as fast.
Anders Gustafsson: Motion works is really in North America solution today with the NFL. In Asia, I think here we would see supplies that's the big piece and also some service maintenance activities as we go after repairs and other type of service offerings. The one thing that we also have in there is retail solutions, so the Hart Systems acquisition which does also provide a benefit.
Anders Gustafsson: So I would say we don't break – that we don't break out the specific product lines helpful for traditional Zebra and I don't think we will start breaking out the individual product lines here also. I think we have seen both mobile computing and data capture grow at similar rates over the last several years. There has not been a big diversion between them. So no big difference, maybe one thing, I will just go back and talk a little bit about say the Q4 outlook here that Q4 last year for the enterprise business was particularly strong. There was – driven by number of things but I would say one specific thing that drove a very strong sales for Q4 of last year was that Motorola did a reorganization at the end of the quarter where all the – make all the sales people got new territories, which really put – really great incentive to make sure they didn't leave any leads behind. So I think that pushed up revenue a bit and probably left the pipeline a little weaker for the beginning of the year.
Anders Gustafsson: So on the data capture side there is -- 2D barcoding is a big trend a lot of installations around the world are upgrading from 1D to 2D barcode readers. And they are also – the Enterprise business also released a new flatbed scanner, the bioptic scanner that has good traction here in early days. So there is a few new products that are opening up new categories for the enterprise business also.
Mike Terzich: Tim, this is Mike Terzich. I will take that. It was actually both. We had a strong quarter, the large deal pipeline was pretty robust as we typically see in the third quarter. We see some advanced placement of some technology solutions primarily to serve retail. But, our retail business as expanded over the last couple of years both at the tier one level which everybody has heard from us often on as well as in tier two. And we have also over the course of the last five years built some pretty solid relationships with the e-tailer side of retailer business. And we have seen material investments in all three of those areas, large deal, mid-market deal and the e-tail side of retail.
Mike Terzich: I can talk about that. I think Mike Smiley is going to grab the concentration figures for you. Essentially our go to market models are much – they are mere images of each other, so we don't think that large customer concentration will actually change in a material way we still deal with the same large set of distributors both businesses deal with the same set of distributors. And while we have some meaningful and user relationships none will be of a level that's 10% customer.
Mike Terzich: This is Mike Terzich. I will take that. The couple of things on that Keith particularly one is that Asia business was originally structured in a way that there wasn't a defined leader for the business remain with the government business in Motorola. So we've had a combination of some leadership transition with the combination of some channel management dynamics that have went on in the business now. Our view on this has been to the degree that we provided some insight and some perspective. We think we got our hands around what the issues are – we have put forth some retention on some of the key talent. We know the distribution and the reseller relationships that business primarily flows through channel in the geography. And so as we exit the year, we are pretty confident that we could leverage Zebra's leadership. Our team, we got a lot of experience on the ground and the region and we think we can get that stabilized. But to Andres point, we are kind of sorting our way through a couple of quarters of some pain and it certainly does have some consequence to the fourth quarter outlook.
Mike Terzich: And Jason, one other point on that and we talked about this in the past, the product lines today are complementary to each other. They are not competitive to each other, right? And we have leading positions with each of our product categories and so while there is rationalization, we could simplify some things for the channel community. By and large those product lines don't compete with each other.
Mike Terzich: It's a good question. I wish I had all the insight to answer it. But, I would say that based on my long history, we have seen cycles like this before. I mean we are six quarters in and I think we had six consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth on the Zebra side of the business. And that's not unusual for us. I would say perhaps what's taken place of late is we have had a very robust business in North America. I think it's fair to say that back in 2008, 2009, we may have missed a refresh cycle in North America that resurfaced last year and into this year. And then last, I do think that there is a changing business landscape where I think there is a greater appreciation quite frankly for the efficiency productivity technology solutions that we offer businesses. And I think it's getting a bigger piece of the investment pie and we have had a lot of momentum and lots of people see the solution is delivering a hard ROI. And I think that's – there maybe a little bit of a landscape change here on a go forward basis.
Mike Smiley: Yes. And basically, we are not seeing as far as concentration it's very similar to a year ago. So it's really hasn't changed meaningful from prior year.
Mike Smiley: Yes. Just as a sort of a follow-on point to that. I also think that the trend of revenue through the years will be different in the combined business than they have been for just the Zebra business. As we talked about there is more retail in the Motorola – the enterprise business that sort of drives more of a third quarter sale than a fourth quarter sale. So again, the trend will be a little bit different on a combined business as we go forward.
Mike Smiley: The one other point I think that you raised Michael which was on the roadmap side of the business and both organizations, this has been core to both companies innovations, we got very robust R&D deployments on both sides. We do have some longer term plans. And I would say that I would characterize them as more in the mid-term right now those product roadmaps have been pretty much set for 2015, products are in development and on their way so to speak. But, we will have an opportunity to integrate the portfolio in some meaningful areas particularly around mobility and where enterprise mobile computing, raggard mobile computing and mobile printing can come together we think that there is some really interesting ideas to enhance the performance proposition that those devices can have in the marketplace. But, that's going to take a little longer to sort out.
Mike Smiley: Michael that point that Andres made earlier that selling deeper and wider into those enterprise accounts. This is a trend that we have certainly seen for the last several years we talked about it on previous calls, which has been IT led standardization across technology platforms, brands, architectures. And we think we are going to be able to take advantage of that. And as more and more of the decision is made by IT organizations and they set standards for the technology they want to deploy, the Zebra and the enterprise branded products are kind of top in class and we think that we are going to have an advantage in the marketplace.
Mike Smiley: Just as a – also for our forecast, the – our revenues negatively affected by about $2 million as a result of that facts. So some of that the forecast is muted because of that.
Mike Smiley: No. We can't. That's something that – those are Motorola numbers and so I think keep in mind in those Motorola numbers are for discontinued operations. There is things like allocation and accounting for discontinued ops that makes those numbers difficult to – so to translate to sort of pro forma view. So the answer to that right now is no.
Mike Smiley: The last thing I would say is, as we go forward, we haven't really included revenue synergies in our mode. But, we really see an increased attach rate of our printers to Motorola Solutions going forward. So again to Andres point I think we will continue to sort of take that trend of expanding our leadership as we move forward.
Mike Smiley: Yes. Actually it's just fundamental run rate business that we did mention that Asia Pac has done well for us. And at this point there is no large one time things in those numbers at this point.
Mike Smiley: And then from a vertical standpoint healthcare obviously for a while has been very strong and supporting our supply sales.
Mike Smiley: But I think we would say the mobile computer for the quarter was a little bit stronger than we expected walking into the quarter.
