Douglas A. Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's latest 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some opening remarks.
Douglas A. Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Douglas A. Fox: On behalf of Zebra and its management team, I thank you for joining us today. We look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress as we move forward. And at the very latest, we'll talk to you at our second quarter call. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll start a little bit more broadly then I'll ask Joe to provide a little bit more detail behind it. But first quarter, I said demand was just very strong throughout the quarter. Typically, we see a bit of a decline between Q4 and Q1, but that did not happen in this quarter. And the quarter was somewhat more back-end loaded maybe also. But nearly all our products and geographies came in slightly better than expected. So, we were very pleased with how it all – the overall performance of the business.
Anders Gustafsson: I'd add one more thing maybe also – one of the value propositions that we had set out for the combined company was better together. And I think we do see good examples of how that's playing out. We have examples of Enterprise customers who are now buying more printer products from us, because we are able to position ourselves broader. We have better access to the senior executives or management from our customers. And similarly on the other side, we see examples where Zebra had great relationships and positions and can help to pull in some Enterprise products. So, the revenue synergies from – they're better together – is working. It's a little hard to put the specific numbers behind it, but we feel very good about how that's coming together.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think, first, I'd say we are doing very well across all our go-to-market channels. So direct and indirect. But we're certainly doing well and growing with our indirect partners. One thing that you should remember though is that we don't have totally overlapping product portfolios. So when somebody announces barcode and POS, we only participate in the barcode part of that. POS is not a large piece. So it's still hard to say exactly which parts are growing the fastest, when you compare between us. But we are doing very well with partners and we also have a broader footprint than most of our global distribution partners in that we serve all four geographies and we have few of our partners – few of our global distribution partners have a global footprint also.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, I have the statistics, I guess, on the printer side. I think new printers, which we're going to say 18 months old, I think that was very attractive at – I think it was like 14%, 15% for this quarter. I'm going off memory now, but it's in that ballpark, it was up from prior quarters. I don't have that statistic yet for the Enterprise business, but we are keeping a very high pace on innovation on both sides. I think the market has come back stronger and we see that there's lot of opportunities and we need to have a high cadence to be able to address all our customer requirements. But we are also spending a lot of time together between the different development organizations to both harmonize development processes but also to make sure that we come up with new innovative ways where we can really demonstrate that we are better together. So I expect the cadence of innovation to continue to be very high and very attractive.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start and then I'll have Joe also help me in here a bit. We announced a price increase in Europe late in March, and it took effect late in April after four weeks. So we gave our partners time to kind of adjust. We've seen bookings continue to do well since we increased the product prices. And we expect for many of our products the stickiness will be very high. So run rate products like printers and data capture devices particularly where we don't have a lot of large deals with price exceptions, there we expect that we will see high stickiness. For some of the, say, mobile computers where we have more deals, we will try to make sure that we are working those in a way where we capture those price increases also, but they're just going to be a little more driven by the deals and the competitive environment in each of those deals.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think the Chinese government has been trying to promote, I guess, in different ways domestic brands, domestic solutions for some time. I don't feel like there's been a big difference for us in the last few years. We differentiate by having a better technical solution, more robust solution. I think that people who buy our solutions do it because they do a lot of testing and they see that they can get more productivity out of our solutions. We obviously have several local competitors that are fighting hard, but I would say they tend to be very much at the low end where they have some specific agency or something like that where they have some relationships that give them a strength. But we're coming at this from a broader market perspective and we're trying to put a – go back to the innovation, cadence of innovation that is so high that we're always going to be fresh and have new things. And we're also trying to work very hard on making sure that we have a cost position where we can be competitive. We never want to win on price in China. But we want to be able to compete. And we generally can get a premium of 10% to 20% in the market.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I think we feel that we have a very complete portfolio. There is certainly nothing of any significant scale that we see that's missing. If we were to look at any kind of technology acquisition at this stage, it will be small tuck-ins. Our priority also now goes towards paying down our debt and we all have a lot of management bandwidth to go after other acquisitions. But I feel our portfolio is very complete. The small technology tuck-ins could be of interest, but otherwise I don't see us needing to do anything significant.
Anders Gustafsson: So, I'll start, and then I'll ask Smiley to help out also here. First, we think we're very excited about the services business. We believe we have great opportunities. And on a year-over-year basis, we had some very large deals in Q1 2014 that we did not – that weren't replicated in Q1 of 2015. But we have improved the performance of our service business in many ways. Our service repair performance is now performing in line with our service level agreements, we have offered a number of new services to the market like Zebra OneCare and our Asset Visibility platforms. We have made meaningful investments in the first quarter in strengthening our services sales organization, so we put more people on the front line who can articulate our service offerings and value propositions and make sure that they are part of the overall discussions with our customers and not just the hardware side. And we see the pipeline for services is improving. So, over the longer term, I think we're very optimistic about our opportunity to grow our services business.
Anders Gustafsson: In services, that is a risk and we're working very closely with our partners to figure out how can we do this in a way that – first and foremost, we're looking for ways where they can participate. So it's not so much that we are offering a service and try to cut them out. But we're offering a service and they can sell it, they can be part of the value chain, some of it they can deliver and we can deliver some backend services. So as we're trying to be very careful and thoughtful about how do we make sure that we deliver or develop service offerings where there's room for our channel partners also. And since many of our channel partners aren't really all that excited about offering services, they would much rather resell some of our paper. But there are certain examples you'll see themselves having a service capability. And it's obviously also not a requirement for them to sell our services. They can still sell their services if they have good service offerings and the customers like them.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So, when we look at the beginning of the quarter, say, we try to come up with a forecast and outlook for the quarter. Backlog going into the quarter is an important part of that, and that was a quarter – going into this quarter, our backlog was commensurate with the way we were in the first quarter and that supports the outlook and guidance we gave. But we also looked very carefully at the pipeline, what deals do we see, what commitments do we have from distribution partners and resellers for revenues that we'll deliver. So the backlog is an important part, but it is probably more in the 20% range of quarterly revenues. It's not a very large part of our total revenue.
Joachim Heel: And this is Joe. Speaking in the Zebra business in particular, we have a combination of a very large portion of what we call the run rate business, businesses transacted typically through distribution and project business. And the run rate business is something that we've been quite successful at building up strongly and our largest geographies, North America and EMEA in particular were built on a very solid foundation of a stronger run rate business than we've had even in recent past. And on top of that, we were able to secure some large wins that enabled us to reach the result that you saw.
Joachim Heel: Well, I was just going to add that some of our distribution partners have recently gone through some transitions in their internal systems, which have slowed some of their sales unnaturally. But our business with them remains very strong. The other part beyond what Anders said is that many of our distribution partners, even outside of the barcoding space have broad portfolios in Enterprise IT, and the Enterprise IT space relative to our space is definitely slower than our space. We're seeing good growth. But I would also add and we have some recent wins that would suggest us that we are successful in gaining some share and that is also helping us with our performance relative to some of those – what the distribution partners are seeing.
Joachim Heel: I would add perhaps, our developments in China, as Anders mentioned earlier in the commentary, has been overwhelming and very strong positive trend this quarter relative to prior years. That has significantly to do with our ability to regain the confidence of the channel partners in that region. And we have not seen an adverse effect from the local competition. The local competition in China is stronger than in other regions. I think there's no doubt about that. But it has not impeded our ability to regain that confidence of the partners and capture growth in that region as we have seen.
Joachim Heel: At the partner conference that we just held, this was a big theme and we made a very strong statement and a big commitment that our services strategy is with and through partners. And the two service lines that Anders mentioned, the Zebra OneCare as well as the Asset Visibility platform, are both services that are designed to be sold through channel partners and co-delivered with channel partners. That's what really what they are interested in is the ability to co-deliver, to have some support from us, some technology and infrastructure, and then to co-deliver their services alongside that. They see us and that's what we're stressing and did stress at the partner conference, the ability and the willingness to do this with the partners.
Michael C. Smiley: Yes. This is Mike Smiley. So, I mean, one thing that happens is we have historically in the second quarter we have merit increase which increases our OpEx. We also intend on spending just a little bit more in marketing as we've come together as a new company and find that to be strategically important for us. Along the same lines, we also have – in the first quarter, we had tremendous gross margins. As Anders pointed out, we've been able to improve the operational efficiency of our supply chain in part by improving our forecasting which reduced our freight and such. And I think that all those things sort of – in the first quarter, we sort of hit on all cylinders. And I think we're not – we don't expect every quarter to go quite as well as it did in the first quarter. And then, we do have a little bit of FX headwind Q2 versus Q1.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah. So, Brian, I think we've been saying that by the end of the year, we'll have $70 million-ish at the end of the year. I wouldn't be surprised if we do slightly better than that. I think we're on a good run rate so far. The synergies beyond two years we expect to sort of have our ERP system integrated by the end of two years. And I think the value of that will allow us to sort of be working on one system, which will take a little bit of burden off of the backend, it supports all of our work. And so we expect to have some further modest improvement as a result of being on one ERP system.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah. The effective tax rate, the P&L should be around 22%. I think the cash tax rate will be closer to 35-ish% for the year. You'll see over time that those will converge closer to 22% over a three-year, four-year period. CapEx will probably be around $60 million, $70 million. It's a little bit higher than we've talked about before. I think the ERP implementation is going to take a little bit more in the first year than we had been thinking in the past.
Michael C. Smiley: Year-over-year, again, we're on a sort of pro forma basis, as Anders mentioned, our revenue growth as we showed nominally was 4%. It would've been 11% if it wasn't for FX. Our gross margin of 46% would've been probably about 3% higher than our nominal numbers. Our OpEx, on a constant currency basis, really isn't affected dramatically based on FX rates.
Michael C. Smiley: To the question of profitability, I think, in the first quarter, we had a couple of things that sort of moved against us on the services side. First was a good portion of our revenue is repair fix, and what we found was the products that required repairing were a mix of higher-cost repair items. Along the same lines, some of those product repair costs were a little bit higher than they have been in the past. And the other thing is that in certain of our installation projects, the cost for some of those implementations have run higher than we would expect. I think that the results in the first quarter were somewhat of an anomaly in that regard and we would expect them to improve going forward.
Michael C. Smiley: Yes. I think you'll definitely see them improve from where they are and I don't think that would be unreasonable though. As Anders said, we've seen really nice improvement in sort of working to build up a better business. That said, I think we still have some exciting things to certainly improve that business and drive higher margins. A part of the margin impact will be a function of mix is the – how much of that is going to be repaired – break, fix and how much is going to be managed services or how much is going to be installation. And so it's difficult to be very precise going forward by virtue of the mix and where that business goes.
Michael C. Smiley: Yes. So, we do carry more cash than we expect, and my sense is it will be somewhere in the $150 million to $175 million. I will tell you we're trying to be careful about how rapidly we repay the term loan in the sense that we're still getting comfortable with the cash flows of the combined business. As you recall, the Enterprise business never had stand-alone cash flows. And so, we're pulling together the mechanics to get that and to forecast it. So, we will be a little bit conservative in getting there so that we don't find ourselves short or anything like that.
Michael C. Smiley: Well, there's another piece to this because we do have interest rate swaps which will start kicking in a little bit, and that will drive up our effective interest rate a tad.
