Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. In addition to satisfying customers, introducing new products, and pursuing new opportunities, we have been hard at work integrating the company. Since the closing in October of last year, the integration program has progressed well with accomplishments in organizational design, and culture development, real estate consolidation, implementation of tools for our sales team, engineering system migrations, and a global brand to transition. This works includes the elimination of over 250 Enterprise IT applications, closure of over 200 Motorola transition service agreement items and exits of over 20 real-estate sites. The team has accomplished a lot in the past year, but we have more to do. Future integration efforts will primarily focus on implementing – on the implementation of the IT infrastructure and business systems and enable us to conclude all remaining support services from Motorola Solutions. In doing so, we will modernize and right-size our business processes and ecosystem by transitioning Enterprise on to new or upgraded Zebra systems. The result will be a more efficient and cost effective IT architecture and ecosystem of applications, lower operating costs, and lower ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Further progress in our efforts will be marked by several milestones next year. In the first quarter, we will complete several additional engineering system consolidations, the phased implementation of the systems for our services business, and our integrated ERP will start in the second quarter. Systems supporting our new channel program, will also begin to rollout in the second quarter. In the third quarter, we will launch our distribution center consolidation initiative with the outsourcing of our North America printing operation to a third party logistics provider. We expect to complete the systems migration and be entirely off Motorola supported IT systems before the end of 2017. The remaining costs to complete the overall integration program, including capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $180 million to $200 million through 2017. Looking ahead, our strategies remain anchored in capturing growth, improving execution, and differentiating ourselves. Our top-line results demonstrate that customers are increasingly turning to our technology to gain a competitive advantage, reduce costs, and improve productivity in an expanding array of applications, including e-commerce, omni-channel, workforce mobility, and workflow, and delivery of real-time actionable data. Solid execution is improving customer experiences, and performance in the channel. We are differentiating ourselves with innovative products, deep-channel relationships, and a global ecosystem of more than 10,000 partners, and a highly trusted brand. Our progress this year, along with secular growth drivers and Zebra's differentiators, underpin our confidence in achieving long-term sales growth of at least 4% to 5% over a cycle. With the strength of our mobile computing portfolio, we believe that we can exceed that range if the pace of the operating system migration in mobile computing accelerates. As we grow the business, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA margin expansion to 18% to 20% by the end of 2017, assuming a currency environment consistent with the third quarter. Over the next two years, we expect to achieve our adjusted EBITDA margin target with gross margin improvement in the range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points as we introduce more innovative products, reduce product costs, and services cost, and grow our Android mobile computing sales, particularly through the channel. In addition, we expect further cash operating expense leverage in the range of 200 basis points to 250 basis points as we manage our cost structure, and realize the efficiency benefits of our IT migration. The increased cash flow generation from margin expansion and other actions will enable us to further reduce debt by at least $650 million and reach net-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than 3 times by the end of 2017. In closing, Zebra has a history of consistent execution and we intend to extend that track record by capitalizing on the opportunities ahead and delivering on the targets that we have set. Thank you for your continued support of Zebra. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Dean for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we'd – if you normalize that for FX, we would expect that to be very similar to what we've seen before.
Anders Gustafsson: And maybe, if I was to reiterate at one point Mike said, which I think may have been misunderstood by the markets maybe is that if you look at the margins we get on our large Windows based deals, it is very consistent with the margins we get on our large Android deals. So there is no difference really in the price points and margins on large deals either Android or Microsoft.
Anders Gustafsson: First, we had, I think, signaled all along that the very strong growth rates we had on the printing side in the first half would start to moderate a bit based on kind of lapping ourselves, having very strong growth rates in the second half of 2014. So I think the growth rates are actually very solid I thought in Q3. The only one that kind of stood out in that case quarter-over-quarter would be the European one. But Europe tends to have, historically has had, a slight decline in Q3 as good chunk of Europe goes on vacation. Last year we did not see that. We actually had a very strong quarter; we had growth in that piece. So we feel good about where we are, we have been able to gain quite a lot of market share over the last couple of years and with our portfolio, with our sales team and the support of our channel partners, we do believe that we should be able to continue to gain share and grow faster in the market. And I'll let Joe Heel, he'll also make some comments.
Anders Gustafsson: That's correct. That includes then, all the IT spend, including CapEx also. And we also said that that would help yield substantial efficiencies past the 2017 date. So as we get into 2018 and so we expect to drive further operating leverage based on those investments.
Anders Gustafsson: But first we're very pleased with the efforts to date on integration. We feel that the integration has gone very, very well for us. If you look at the things like the – how we designed and integrated a new sales organization, I think that was done very, very well. There we had a basically a blank sheet of paper that we started with and we didn't really merge the organizations, but that was pretty stressful as we went through it, but looking back, I think we very quickly got the right team, knowing their roles and be out focusing on selling. We've done a lot of work around culture, we feel that culture is one thing that can derail an acquisition like this, so we've had 250 of our most senior people come together in various workshops to work on how to create a common culture across the entire organizations, and I'd say, the organization has responded really, really well to all of those things. But on the negative side, I'd say the complexity of the IT systems has been greater than we had expected, Motorola had a bit of a patchwork of systems. A lot of customization, they didn't necessarily all talk to each other. So as we pull this together, we're looking to see how we can create the platform that's across all of Zebra to drive the right level of efficiencies to then continue to generate great operating leverage benefits after we done with it.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start, and I'll hand over to Joe, but generally we can't really share with you all that detail. But, large deal is not a new phenomenon for us, we've had large deals forever. As I mentioned before, the margins on large Windows based deals is very much in line with the margins on large Android based deals. So, the pipeline for large deals is healthy and growing. We certainly hope to have some more things to announce in the next couple of months. But we're also spending a lot of effort trying to make that we get Android into the channel, and we get the channel business to really pickup as much as possible so we can get the run-rate of high margin deals there.
Anders Gustafsson: Just quickly, what was the first one again. To make sure I answer the right ones in the right order.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. These were specific to wins against consumer devices. Now in the prior calls we've had some concern by investors that the consumer devices are going to encroach on our space. And I think is fair to say that back in 2011, 2012 or so when consumer devices first appeared on our radar screen, we were caught maybe a little flat-footed; we didn't really have any devices that could compete with them. Now, we have a very compelling portfolio of new devices that are – have all touchscreens, they're ruggedized, but they have modern operating systems. So they feel much more like the traditional phones, and our customers' users are able to much more quickly get comfortable and use those, but they are purpose built for the use cases of our customers. So with those devices, we now have something where we can compete, and we're winning probably more than our fair share of those devices, but is really driven by new innovative products that we've been able to launch.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So I'll start on the tablet side here. We won't talk about new products that we haven't launched yet, because we want to do that kind of properly in the markets. But on the tablet side, we see a lot of our customers use tablets in different form factors and we felt that there was an opportunity for us to have a presence, a bigger presence than we had before. And it's one where we feel that having that broader portfolio will also position us better to be able to win the entire fleet of products that they have. Early indications from the launch, which is only about a month back now I think, has been very positive. I'm not sure we have any big announcements to make quite yet, but we feel good about where we are after a month. And Joe has some further comments here.
Anders Gustafsson: So that – say if we raised the prices by $25 million to $30 million annualized, there is no cost associated with that. So, basically you get the revenue, but it flows straight through to the bottom line.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think we expect that we will be – basically in the run rate now for this in Q4, so you can take basically a quarter of that for the fourth quarter.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, Keith, this is Mike. So, I think a couple of things on the one-time items. I think, first of all, the excess and obsolescence was – the higher level of that – a lot of that was related to services, wasn't so much on mobile computing. We had within the mobile computing a number of sort of beneficial things – one-time things going both ways, so net-net it really didn't have a big impact on our gross margin. So, some of the E&O was related to enterprise mobile computers offset by – as we've talked about before working with our suppliers and vendors to reduce some of our product costs one-off. So, when you look at it there wasn't a big net-net benefit or change in our gross margin for the enterprise mobile computers.
Michael C. Smiley: Actually, as you look at this, I think the – obviously, the Android is the new product area you're focused on. And as we look at the large deals that we're getting for Android products that are very similar to the large deals we'd win in Windows, so we're really encouraged that to build that market share, we're doing it at very consistent margins that we had had before. However, as the business grows in the Android, as Anders mentioned, we will expect to see more channel run rate business, which will come at a higher margin going forward. Also encouraging is the fact that as we continue to develop those products with – at a lower cost point, we would expect margins to be – continue to be favorable.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, the other thing, just to go back to FX, I mean if you look at our EBITDA margin, we would have been, FX adjusted, we would have been 20% EBITDA margin for the quarter. So FX has a very meaningful impact on our profitability.
Michael C. Smiley: Over a three-year period, yes. And I think a couple of things that happens, sources of that are, as we talked about some of the dis-synergies associated with the transaction that we're incurring we expect that to moderate substantially, we expect the IT systems to allow us to be more efficient as we go forward. So there's a number of things that we would expect over a three-year period to help us to go from $120 million we've already realized eventually to $200 million over the next several years.
Michael C. Smiley: So I think one of the neat things about our business is the topline is growing. So effectively on a constant currency basis, our revenue is grown by 10% from the last since 2013, yet our operating expenses net have gone down by 3%. So basically that's 13%, what I would call operating leverage. When you try to determine or as far as how that net-net happens, we have $120 million of realized synergy in our P&L in 2015 for the full year, which is big buckets again are R&D and sales and marketing. And then we have cost increases of roughly $30 million, which is associated with, again the inefficiencies of putting the two businesses together, ERP that related stuff, offset by what you would expect is normal OpEx growth as the business grows by 10% on a constant currency basis. So net-net we're $30 million lower in OpEx 2015 to 2013. So again, with the plans we have going forward, we still expect to hit the 18% to 20% EBITDA margin reflecting exchange rates we saw in the third quarter.
Michael C. Smiley: Absolutely. What we're looking to do is manage our operating leverage. We expect to see some nice improvement as our top-line grows and our OpEx will grow substantially lower. And so, when you net it out, we see a 200 basis point to 250 basis point improvement between now and end of 2017 to get us to the 18% to 20% EBITDA margin.
Michael C. Smiley: And as far as the third quarter, up until the third quarter, a lot of the energy on the IT integration stuff was really on planning. And so, we're starting to put a lot more resources and actually executing on those plans, so that's I think a little bit of impact on the timing of the cash flows for that work.
Michael C. Smiley: Sorry about that. So, the $30 million is in relation to 2013 versus 2015. So, again, we've had $120 million, we realized in 2015 in our P&L. We've had a $30 million in 2015, with cost increases associated with the transaction and additional normal expense growth of $60 million. That $30 million we would expect to decline over the next year or so, because obviously, some of the work associated with the integration will go away. So, for example, some tax stuff, consulting and such, so the $30 million will go down, which is in part one of the reasons why we have some of the synergies we expect to achieve as we go forward.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah. We're not giving guidance for 2016, at this point. The CapEx for 2015, I would expect the fourth quarter to be a little bit softer than the third quarter, but not dramatically different.
Michael C. Smiley: Yes, but to Anders' point, it's not a huge number for the fourth quarter, but it is a little bit of a headwind.
Joachim Heel: This is Joe. I'll add specifically to your question about initiatives and levers that we have to continue to drive growth. On top of what Anders said, I would point specifically to the operating systems migration. This is an area where we do have targeted initiatives underway. The installed base is an area that we are very actively and very systematically pursuing. And the second one is the transition from 1D to 2D in scanning also an area where we are very actively taking the opportunity to systematically go through installed base and take share.
Joachim Heel: And perhaps the only thing I would add just to emphasize what Anders said. Large deals with larger customers are nothing new and different. What's happening here is, discontinuity of operating systems is creating an opportunity for us to take share. And I think that's what we've been very successful at in the last year, and we see an opportunity to continue to do that as this migration cycle continues, and the large deals will be the most prominent ones where this manifests itself.
Joachim Heel: Yes. I'm sorry. That was mine. So, I was on the third point. The question was whether the large deals are beginning to lead to follow on sales in the medium and small categories, if I understood it correctly. And indeed, we are beginning to see this on the Android side in particular. If I look back to the beginning of this year, we can say that the vast majority of the deals if not all of them were ones where our direct sales force was driving, and leading the sale, they were all large in nature. As we now come towards the end of this year, we're seeing a much more significant portion of deals come without much of our intervention from the channel and the mix is including now a large proportion of these medium and small-sized deals, which we think is healthy and beneficial the way that such migrations typically evolve.
Joachim Heel: I would add, Joe Heel speaking again, that over the last roughly three years there have been many customers who have tried and experimented with consumer devices in the application in the Enterprise. And as they have made their experiences, we have been able to now win a lot of these deals based on the Enterprise-grade features of our devices, in addition to the adaptation of the form factor that Anders mentioned and the functionality. So things like battery life, stability of operating system, ruggedness, some are key factors that are helping us to win these deals.
Joachim Heel: Joe Heel, again. We are very confident about our ability to continue to drive large deals. And also to supplement them with the medium and small-sized deals to really build out a pipeline that is very balanced. But we feel strong about the large deals.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. We have some very nice deals that are coming together on our new ET50 and ET55 tablets. We're excited about this product from two perspectives. On the one hand, this is the one area where consumer products had made some inroads and we didn't have a product to properly counter them, which we now have. And our customers have been very eager to have a product that meets those same enterprise grade specifications that we have in our handheld devices that we can now bring to the tablet market. So we feel that both from an offensive and defensive perspective, this is really a terrific product for us to have in the market, and we have some early successes that we're quite proud of.
