Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, we feel confident about the full year growth expectations that we have. We had a very strong 2015, and we built a lot of momentum across the business there. Our portfolio did very well in 2015. We gained share in most of our product lines globally. Three of our four regions had solid growth. We launched some new products in the beginning of 2016 that we are very excited about. The TC8000 is a great example of new – one of our highest running products that we reinvented in a new fashion. We got great feedback on that product at the NRF and since. We also launched a new tabletop printer. That's the highest volume of our printer portfolio, which has also a cartridge-based model, so you can make it very easy for customers to load ribbons and that drives an annuity-based revenue stream for us. And as the year goes on, we have a number of other attractive new product releases. But our pipeline is very healthy. We have a very detailed approach to build up the pipeline. It's both based on individual customer accounts but also looking at product and so far we feel that we have a very solid outlook for the year.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We announced, I think it was early this week, right, that Jeff Schmitz would become our new Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. So he will lead the overall marketing organization. So he joined us on Monday officially. He also visited with us at one of our sales kickoff meetings to get a good view of what the entire business looks like. We are very excited to have Jeff on board. We think he will be a great addition to our team. Under Jeff he has a number of different functions. One of those is a channel operations team. So that channel operations team is the one that really own, developing the channel program and make sure we work with the regions to launch it effectively into each of the regions. So Jeff has the team that owns the development and implementation of the new channel program, but clearly they also work very closely with the regional sales teams to make sure that the region is ready to engage with the partners and be off to a good start.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, so if you look at our performance in 2015, we gained market share in most of our large product lines. We believe that we have a more competitive product lineup. We take great pride of the strength of our products and the innovation of our products. As we look into 2016, there is a lot of new, very attractive, you can say, extensions of existing products, but also some new product concepts that we are very excited about. So we are very dependent on having a vibrant product portfolio in order to demonstrate value to our customers and we feel that the portfolio we have should enable us to continue to gain market share and extend our leadership position in the industry.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll start and then I'll let Joe Heel also add to this. So I'd say when we talk to our customers, we hear two themes quite regularly: one, they feel that the combined business, the combined Zebra and Enterprise business is more strategic to our customers. They see that the lineup we have now, the capability and competencies we have now and the vision we have make us a more strategic partner to them and they tend to invite us in to be part of their more long-ranging plans to make sure that we can develop the right solutions for their needs. The other thing they have been saying goes more to your point about rebranding that from their perspective the integration has been quite seamless. They haven't seen a lot of challenges from the integrational missteps in the integration. They feel that we have actually been handling this quite well. So both of those things, I think, are making us a much stronger partner with our customers and have access to more of their longer-term thinking. And, maybe, Joe, you have some more thoughts.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. The ERP integration is going as per plan. We feel it is going well. We have a strong team of people who've been working on this for quite some time now and we have a robust product plan or project plan with lots and lots of detail behind it. So we track it on kind of hourly basis or daily basis as far as what progress and what deliverables we have. We are looking to implement the first phase of the ERP conversion in Q2 in Asia and then go live with the full global entity middle of 2017, so we get a chance to road test it and then add some additional functionality for the full-year roll out. So we get great benefits from this. We get a much more rationalized modern IT platform. What we've had so far has been a lot of disparate IT systems, which drives a lot of inefficiencies. So if you have to enter data on two systems or sometimes three systems and they don't transfer data between them very well, so this provides a much more robust and streamlined IT platform for us and that will drive also great cost benefits as we go into the future.
Anders Gustafsson: So every quarter we have large deals. It would be bad if we didn't have large deals every quarter. So we had large deals in fourth quarter. I wouldn't say that they were different from any other quarter particularly.
Anders Gustafsson: No. I think the outlook for Q1 is also for normal rate or normal volume of larger projects. There is nothing that sticks out that's particularly bigger than normal. But we have a good pipeline for large deals for the full year.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So the strength of the Enterprise business, I think, is it's multifaceted. We have worked hard on making sure we have a very competitive product lineup. Android has been a strong growth driver for us so far. We have by far the broadest portfolio of Android products of anybody in the industry and our win rate in Android is very high, higher than the overall win rate, say, it is for us across all operating systems. But I'd say it is more than product. I think the integration, the combination of our two companies have helped both sides. I think the Better Together story is very much resonating with customers. We have seen many examples where we mentioned one in the script here where printing led the way and got into new account first, but then we were able to pull in mobile computing afterwards. But we have many examples of where we've done the other way. So part of the growth is the Better Together and I'd say also we have executed well. We have improved on our services performance, which was a bit of a drag before and I would say the culture of the combined company is good. I don't hear much talk about say us versus them and things like that. It's very much we're all in this to try to make the company as successful as we can. I'll let Joe expand a little bit also.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, maybe just to expand one more point on this. I think most of these comments were kind of North America centric, but if you look at the Enterprise business performance in 2015, the international markets were very strong. Asia was particularly strong and we had several large wins for mobile computing in Europe. So this is very much a diversified business like Zebra's legacy business where we have a broad portfolio of products, selling to a diversified set of vertical markets and geographically also very diversified.
Anders Gustafsson: It was more broad-based. We talk about, say, budget flush that tends to be from many customers. Yes, there was more of, I think, a general cautiousness among our customers and they were I suspect looking at what was going on with their share prices and wondering what that was meaning for 2016 and being a little bit more cautious on capital spend. But it wasn't anything specific to any one customer or any large customer.
Anders Gustafsson: I think the start of January is always a bit weak, and I think it was commensurate with normal seasonality. As we look at the guidance we gave for the full year also, we expect basically normal seasonal increases quarter-over-quarter for the year. So we aren't assuming that there will be some form of heroic recovery. This is just based on looking at the last five to seven years of how much of our revenues come in Q1 versus Q2, Q3, Q4 and looking at how that should play out.
Anders Gustafsson: So services is an area that we have spent a lot of effort to strengthen. We believe services should be a good growth driver for the business. We brought in some extra leadership, some new leadership in the business to augment the team we had and so we could have more focus on both driving the sales side but also driving the operational side. We made I think great improvements in our execution. The customer-facing performance of break, fix, repair, return statistics are much better than they were when we first assumed the business. We've reduced the cost basis for most of these services and we've seen an increase in attach rates for new services. So we feel quite good about where we are and we feel confident that we should see good growth in 2016 from services. And I'd like Joe to add on that too.
Anders Gustafsson: So I think supplies now, for the year supplies was up, I think it was 8% in constant currency. In Q4, I don't know, I don't have that data off the top of my head here, but constant currency was a lot better, so supplies is more – has a higher proportion of supplies in Europe than we have for our normal products. So Europe is a very large part of our overall supplies business. Let me see if I can find the number here.
Anders Gustafsson: And profitability of supplies has gone up because we have in-sourced some more of our wristband manufacturing, so that we have seen a great improvement in margins.
Anders Gustafsson: So, at the high level, I'd say, we aren't expecting any material changes to the macro environment, to how our customers kind of behave. We get very good feedback, very encouraging feedback from our reseller communities. They certainly believe that 2016 should be a good year with good growth. I think the issues we saw in the end of Q4, beginning of Q1 were more isolated and we believe temporary in that it was more, I think, driven by people looking at the stock market and getting cautious about what that meant for the business and didn't want to lean in to the same extent, so budgets gets pushed out a bit. It takes a little longer for companies to hand out the operating budgets to – but once that happens, things go back to more normal we believe. And we have seen from end of last year some deals got pushed from Q4 into all of 2016. And some customers may have looked at some larger deals and instead of giving us one PO, they gave us one PO for P1 (sic) [Q1] and Q2 and so forth. But you should remember also that our value proposition is one that really works in good times and bad times. In good times, our customers are working with us to expand into new retail stores, new factories. In tougher times, they use our equipments to trade OpEx for CapEx. We have very short and well defined return on investment calculations. So, normally, our products are proven to have an ROI of less than, let's say, one year to upwards of maybe two years. And even in tougher times, companies tend to be comfortable with those types of paybacks.
Joachim Heel: Yes. From a sales perspective, we see the benefits in many areas, but three that I would perhaps call out: the first is the confidence that the new brand and the new presence gives our customers is really essential to driving changes like our largest single opportunity around operating system migration. That's what customers need. They need that confidence to interact with us and we're projecting that now and we're seeing that with our customers. They have that confidence, as Anders was saying, to elect us to be a strategic partner for them. The second is that the customers are feeling the Better Together that we're bringing to them. The fact that we can bring the full portfolio of our capabilities to them, Anders was mentioning one of our large package goods customers that elected to go with us for precisely that reason and we're seeing more-and-more of those opportunities. And the third one, and I am particularly excited about this, is our ability to bring solutions to the market, and customers are really believing that and seeing that now in some of the things that we're doing where we're solving their business problems and they have confidence that we can do that.
Joachim Heel: Well, I might support what Anders is saying in terms of the strength of the Enterprise business with two specific points: one, I already touched earlier on the subject of the OS migration, which is really where we have a leadership position and where we've been successful in 2015 and we see that continuing here in the first quarter as we are driving that migration from legacy Windows operating systems to Android and to a certain extent also on to Windows; and the second one, as we saw really a broad strength in our scanning business as well. Our scanning business as you probably know is undergoing a transition in technology from 1D to 2D, and we've assumed a leadership position in that transition as well. And what's fundamental about that is that the Android transition is largely driven by large deals, whereas the scanning transition is also broad-based in the channel. So we're really seeing that strength on the Enterprise business in two dimensions.
Joachim Heel: And one other thing that – or maybe two other things that give us a perspective on this cautiousness that we may have seen at the end of Q4 is number one, our pipelines for Q2 and the rest of the year are very strong. So that gives us a lot of good confidence. And also as we speak with our reseller partners, they reflect a lot of confidence to us in terms of the growth prospects that they see for the year. So that puts in perspective I think what we have seen.
Joachim Heel: Well, what I would say is, first, we should recognize that still the majority of our revenues today come from Windows-based operating systems. And the transition to Android is happening very fast as Windows 10 Mobile, right, the mobile version of Windows 10 haven't been released for a very long time. With that now happening, we do see some customers, and it's very specific to the needs of individual customers. Logistics is a vertical where we see a bit more of it than others express the need and a desire in fact to be on a Windows 10 Mobile platform. And as such, we're developing those devices, and we'll see that they'll occupy a significant portion of the market.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. I'd say, we have seen a market share expansion in the printing business and I would attribute at least a part of that, a significant part of that to the Better Together, to the ability to operate and cross-sell between them. I'll give you a generic example of that. The strongest vertical for the Enterprise business was and is retail, right, in which we have mobile computers and scanners, which we deploy and there are applications such as when you change the pricing at the retail level where you would like to not only scan and understand the pricing on a item in the store as it is, but change the label immediately. This plays right into our technology of mobile printing which goes very well with that scanning capability that we already have on the retail floor. So we've seen an expansion of solutions like this where we're able to put the two technologies together to a solution to solve a problem like price markdowns and changes.
Michael C. Smiley: Yes, this is Mike Smiley. I think one thing is actually our fourth quarter results are very comparable to the third quarter, excluding FX. So it was really in line with our guidance. The euro was basically Q3 about $1.11 versus $1.09 in the fourth quarter. Our service business had margin improvements offset by some of the large deals that Anders talked about and our legacy Zebra printing margins were flat sequentially. So, generally, the fourth quarter margins were really what we expected.
Michael C. Smiley: ....nominal currency. Now by the way I would also argue that in – we have been seeing very strong growth in supplies. I think that in 2015 we recognize the benefit of wristband products that I think makes the 2015 to 2014 comp a little bit more difficult.
Michael C. Smiley: You know, I think what we – again our goal is to pay down $300 million of debt. We're confident in our ability to do that. Again, we expect some improvement from our EBITDA margin expansion and just regular business growth. We also know that we have improvements in our working capital, which should drive at least $75 million of additional cash flow from what we had last year. We will have $90 million to $100 million less integration spend from 2015. We also have our CapEx that's not related to integration down by about $30 million. I think Anders mentioned the fact that we had some Illinois – some spending in Illinois to bring the facilities together for the two companies. We also expect to reduce our cash levels by about $50 million. So when you put it all together, we're very confident in reducing our debt by $300 million in 2016 and $350 million in 2017, again, to get our leverage below 3 times debt-to-EBITDA.
