Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. On our last call, I talked about the priorities that we believe will drive the continued success of the business and shareholder value. They are growth, execution and cultural and business transformation. I would like to provide you with a brief update on each. Beginning with growth, we are engaging more deeply with strategic accounts, developing cross-selling opportunities, enabling the OS transition and strengthening our services and wireless LAN businesses. Better together is also showing results. In addition to North America – to the North America retail deal I mentioned earlier, there have been a number of other important wins. These include the retail award in Asia-Pacific that incorporated mobile computers and mobile printers and a customer in EMEA, who purchased an asset tracking solution involving mobile computers, scanners and printers. All of these wins further underscore the strength of our end-to-end solutions. In addition, we are capitalizing on several market trends. These include the need for customers to upgrade technology, including updated operating systems as well as a deeper penetration of technology into the enterprise. There is also significant opportunity in Enterprise Asset Intelligence applications that are currently in the early stages of adoption. Used cases include inventory monitoring to enhance security and availability, order fulfillment to improve customer delivery times, improve manufacturing process controls and finishing the mobility and workflow. With this momentum, combined with an industry leading portfolio, I am confident in our ability to continue to grow this business. From an execution perspective, we are focused on improving operational efficiency and effectively managing our investments for future growth. Our services and channel improvements are two examples as well as the early termination of several transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions. To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have exited 14 sites so far this year. We will be exiting or consolidating others as we continue our integration activities. This includes the consolidation of our North American distribution centers, which should be completed before the end of next year. From an investment perspective, our priorities continue to be top line growth, product innovation, strengthening the team and extending our leadership position. Finally, significant business and cultural transformation is taking place within the company. For example, since we acquired Enterprise, we have had three specific objectives in our sales organization. First, quickly unify the teams and present one face to the customer. Second, be partner-centric in our go-to-market strategy, which includes improving our effectiveness in the channel, expanding our partner network to enhance our reach and implementing a best-in-class partner program. And third, begin to transform to a more solutions-based sales organization. As you are aware, two sales teams were unified into one global team almost immediately following the acquisition. More recently, we migrated the team on to a single customer relationship management system, which will result in a meaningful improvement in efficiency. We are also well underway with our second objective. More partners have come on board since the start of the year and we will launch a unified channel program early next year. As for transformation, we continue to build on the foundation of strong partner relationships and a broad portfolio. Recently, we launched the steel building initiative focused on further strengthening our salesforce’s knowledge of the full Zebra portfolio and enhancing our solution and selling capabilities. Collectively, achieving these three objectives will enable us to continue to move up the value chain and deliver differentiated solutions to our customers. Finally, we believe that culture is an enabler and we are being very thoughtful about how we shape the culture and organization design to support our long-term strategy. I am very pleased with the progress that we have made. In closing, we believe that with the commitment and dedication of our team, together with the trends in mobility, the cloud and Internet of Things, we are well-positioned to deliver on Enterprise Asset Intelligence and meet the needs of our partners and customers. Thank you for your continued support of Zebra. I also want to thank our employees for their considerable efforts to realize our One Zebra mission and hard work to satisfy our customers every day. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Dean for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So, we feel good about the progress we have seen in the business so far. Generally, we only enter a quarter with about 20% booked before at the beginning of the quarter. So, we really have to win the business in the quarter, but we put a lot of emphasis on pipeline management and being very disciplined in how we build up our forecast, our pipelines, and the opportunities that we go after. And we feel quite good that we have a much better visibility into the outlook. And we manage it on a weekly basis basically to ensure that we stay very close to it. And I will ask Joe Heel also to give some extra color on that.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think we believe that it's very important for us now to take advantage of this discontinuity we can call it in the marketplace and really focus on extending our leadership and pursue these large deals very aggressively. This OS migration is something that happens probably once every decade or something. And we have a product portfolio that’s now very well positioned for this and our customers are –we are also very well positioned with customers to do this. So we want to make sure we get this – many of these orders as we can. But we also can recognize and our history has shown that once we get these deals, we will start working the cost side of these things. We will start cross-selling other opportunities into them. We would expand our footprints within those accounts. And margins will improve based on that, they would be very attractive business over the longer term.
Anders Gustafsson: The run-rate business is actually very strong. It grew quite nicely. It didn’t grow quite as fast as the large deals, but the run-rate business grew very well with our printer business, our data capture business and a good chunk of our mobile computer business really is run-rate business and that performed very well across the board, across all geographies.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I’d say the growth that we’ve seen has come from basically all our product lines. Printers which is not really tied to any OS upgrade, has grown very nicely. Data capture portfolio has been growing very nicely. The OS migration is really exclusively an issue for our mobile computer business. But even there, we’ve seen a lot of growth that are not tied to that. So the growth drivers that we have seen has been very substantial and I will just go through a couple of other growth drivers before I’ll touch on the OS migration. But I think the whole Better Together for Zebra is paying results. We are seeing many more cross-selling opportunities. We are selling, say, if you have an installed accounts, installed base account, with one product, we now have much better success of selling one or two more products into that account. We are seeing our channel partners being much more eager to sell the entire portfolio of products. So we see very good overall performance of growth and how we have executed on this strategy that we set out. Now, the OS migration is somewhat unique. It’s driven by some of the older existing OS today widely deployed that are going to be taken out of service for – in some years. This means that basically, a lot of our customers will need to find an upgrade path between now and the next several years. And we are – our approach to this is to make sure that we are OS agnostic. We want to work with our customers to figure out what is the best upgrade path for them, for all intents and purposes, they have two upgrade paths. They can go to Windows 10 or they can go to Android. We now have a strong lead with Android and we try to capitalize on that but we’re also working very hard to make sure we have the full portfolio products to engage with our customers. And I’d also ask Joe to fill in a few more bits here.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, one point to add maybe here. Most of our competitors are dollar-denominated companies. And I would say pretty much everybody’s supply chain is predominantly dollar-denominated. So, there is nobody who really gets a windfall by having a lot more cost in Europe, say. There is certainly some who have more costs in Europe, but it’s on the margin side. So I think that everybody is more or less in the same boat.
Anders Gustafsson: So, the net number is what we expect to pull out of the business. And the target I would suggest you focus on is the EBITDA margin of 18% to 20%. So, the point would be is as we drive and are more successful in some of these synergies, we really want to invest it in the business. So, for example, we are continuing to invest in our mobile computer business to expand Android, to be able to provide good Windows solutions. So, it’s not like everything comes down necessarily to the bottom line in terms of dollars, but when we get the EBITDA margin of 18% to 20%, that’s sort of the hard target, I think as an investor you should focus on.
Anders Gustafsson: So, there is a lot of things that separate us. One of the accounts we talked about was actually win back from that already installed, a very prominent smartphone and we were able to win them back to our platform. So, there was not any incumbent Zebra account. And the reason they did that was that they recognized that our total cost of ownership turns out to be much better. Our devices are much more designed for the used cases that these customers have particularly within the enterprise. So, a greater control of the operating system environment, a much greater security, control of the applications they use, the ruggedness of the device, you have battery life that lasts the entire shift. Many of these customers are also heavy scanner, use the device for scanning and our scan capability has much improved compared to any consumer device. So, we have probably 10 different features or functions that really distinguish us compared to our smartphone competitors.
Anders Gustafsson: We are making good – making very good progress. I think one thing that we just recently completed was implementing a single CRM program that’s supporting the sales group. It gives Joe and his team visibility to the pipeline. So, as Joe was talking about visibility, I think one thing is we have integrated tool. That was his plan. I think generally, everything is on plan. We realize that this is a big task, but we have the right people working on it. So, I think we are generally on task for what we are looking to accomplish.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we believe that we started off with a very strong backlog. We had good backlog going into Q3 and bookings trends certainly support the guidance we have given, but also got to remember that Q3, particularly Q3 last year from an enterprise perspective, was a big bounce up from Q2. So, the comps are a little harder, but we still feel that we have very good sales momentum. The pipeline is very good for Q3 and for Q4 and beyond. So, we feel good about where we are from a revenue perspective. And if you go back to when we first combined the businesses, I think that was one of the big concerns that could we get growth out of the business. And I feel good about what we have been able to achieve so far in the trajectory we are on that we are growing healthily, we have been able to compete against the consumer devices and create a very solid, very profitable business.
Anders Gustafsson: It was a little stronger than what we would normally see, but we still have to win the majority of the business in the quarter. It’s not like its orders of magnitude a bit different.
Joe Heel: Yes, sure. Hi, Joe Heel here. In terms of the pipeline management, as Anders said, we have added – lifted our sights a little bit in terms of the duration that we look out ahead and we now plan our pipeline one or even two quarters ahead. That’s given us a lot better visibility. We have worked – also worked very hard on what we call the run-rate, which is the business that goes through distribution that’s not in large deal and increasing that in the Enterprise business is our focus and has been quite successful for us since we have made the acquisition.
Joe Heel: Perhaps the other thing that’s important than a trend that we see is that together with our partner, which is British Telecom in this case and our ISP partner Packet Mobile this was sold as a managed service to Royal Mail which is I think way that our customers are increasingly interested in consuming these solutions.
Joe Heel: Yes. Joe Heel again, in this case we know that the selection process had several levels, and we know that Honeywell didn’t kind of proceed based on the product portfolio. So the product portfolio in this case, our breadth of Android capabilities was very instrumental in our ability to secure the business.
Joe Heel: Yes, perhaps on the growth driver around mobile computing and the OS migration that’s occurring there. The book end of the time line is really the end of service that has been announced for Windows CE and Windows Mobile, which 90% - over 90% of the install base today is on operating system. That’s in 2020. Based on that, we’re sort of seeing, to use our baseball analogy, maybe we’re in the third inning. There are clearly some early adopters that have already made the migration that Anders described. But the bulk of the migration we believe is still ahead of us. In total, we think there is over 15 million, of these mobile computers out there that are installed. And perhaps 10% of them have migrated so far. So that gives you a little bit of an idea of the timing.
Joe Heel: And to that point, as again we mentioned a quarter or so ago that we increased the prices in Europe, nice thing is our business continues to grow very strongly even with those price increases. So I think that’s another positive thing for our ability to drive towards the 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. Next question please.
Joe Heel: I would add two more, especially as for those customers who consider Android, remember there are two choices, Windows 10 and Android. On the – for those customers the consider Android, we have invested heavily in extensions to Android that ensure the security and the longevity of the platform. And those are key factors when people make decisions that they don’t find to the same degree on consumer devices.
Mike Smiley: Yes. I guess the big thing I would say is that we certainly have big tax payments that go out in the second quarter. So, that affected our cash flow. The other thing is if we can get you to come visit us here in Lincolnshire, we moved into a new consolidated business, which drove some leasehold improvements, which is more or less a lot of it behind us, which drove some of the CapEx numbers. So, generally and as we go forward I would say we will continue to invest in integrating the company that’s primarily from an IT standpoint. So, I would expect though the first half had a meaningful part of leasehold improvement, in the second half, we will continue on with ERP integration activities. So, again, I don’t expect the tax payments to be as meaningful as it was in the second half. I would expect the CapEx to be somewhat maybe a little bit lower in the second half than the first half because of the building leasehold improvements we made in the first half.
Mike Smiley: No. Yes, we don’t do that. But I would say that you saw that we repaid another $80 million of debt in the second quarter bringing the total to $130 million. We continue to see good cash flow in the second half and I think we are on track for our goal of three times debt to EBITDA at the end of 3 years. So I am feeling really good about the management of our cash flow and getting us to the targets we have committed to at the time of the acquisition.
Mike Smiley: Yes. So I guess on the – first of all, just to start out, the margin obviously is at the lower end of sort of what we were expecting we gave guidance. I will say that I am pleased with the success of the deals that we have because it put our sales at the top end. And I think Anders at some point will talk about fact that Android has been extremely well received. We won some very large deals. So generally, those large deals have I think for the business demonstrated that we are successful against consumer-grade devices and there is also the strong pickup of Android. Be that as it may, roughly 1% of our gross margin hit in the quarter was associated with what I would call unusual items. A piece of that is rebranding. So with the Motorola transaction, we have the ability to use the Motorola brand for a certain period of time and that’s staggered. So we would expect $2 million to $4 million per quarter through the rest of this year, sort of trailing off next year, affecting our gross margin and we have incorporated that into our guidance for the third quarter. We also have – we also had a number of units that we sold through MSI consistent based on our purchase agreement with very, very favorably pricing, which affected our margin, that stops this quarter. We also – I would say, we had a – as you go to the grocery store and you buy milk real cheap, so you buy all the other stuff for a while, we had some sales went through in the second quarter, which was sort of low margin profitability, which will benefit us as we go forward. So there is a number of things sort of on the unusual one-time items that will go forward. So as you look at it in the second half, I would say the reason we have the guidance that we do is that we have an expectation for continuing to be successful in some large deals, which is going to dampen some of our margin reflected in our guidance. We still have the rebranding efforts going forward, which again is $2 million to $4 million as we guess it right now. That’s offset by the price increases that we talked about in Europe. I think that as the year goes on, those price increases will continue to have some modest benefit for us. And then we also have some cost synergy benefits which are generally on track with what we said from our synergy capture assumptions. So with that, we are expecting second half, again, because – primarily because of large deal activity, to be in line with our Q2, excluding one-time items.
Mike Smiley: And just to follow-up real quick, I also think as we win these large deals and gain market share, it will later on build our run rate business, which comes with a higher – which naturally comes with a higher margin for us. So I think winning this jump ball right now is important for our future building that run rate higher margin business.
Mike Smiley: We have talked about our goal was more at the end of roughly 2 or 3 years. So, given – I mean, the one thing I would highlight is that gives me some comfort is that we did a constant currency adjustment for our EBITDA margin. We would effectively be at the target we had hoped for 3 years ago – that we hope for in a couple of years. So I think we are operating the business in a good way. We obviously have more foreign exchange headwinds than when we close the deal. Even with those headwinds though, we still think in 2 years, 3 years – 2 years or 3 years from the time the transaction closed, we will hit the 18%, 19%, 20% EBITDA margin that we had told investors. So I think that’s pretty good considering the fact that we have the FX challenge.
Mike Smiley: From our guidance, really virtually nothing, if you look at it from a year-over-year standpoint, our gross margin would have been three points higher than we reflected. So again, that’s a huge impact to our profitability year-over-year.
Mike Smiley: I think, if you look at our guidance for the third quarter that would give you an indication, although I think the synergies will continue to improve even in the fourth quarter. The challenge is – so lot of the selling synergies have already been captured in our expense and reflected in our forecast. The procurement benefits that we have talked about are primarily going to rollout more in the fourth quarter as we go forward. So, the guidance I think we gave for the third quarter is it gives you an idea about where we expect margins to be generally towards the back half of the year.
Mike Smiley: So, just as a reference point, so we announced the deal, the Euro was basically 1.33 and were basic roughly 1.10, 1.08. So as you can imagine, it has a big impact on our top line and our profitability. That said, we still expect at the end of three years, which is when we said and we announced the deal that we would get to the 18% to 20%. So, my point would be is even with that FX, we feel confident with the synergies that we are doing, with leverage on the business. In other words, our OpEx is going to grow at a slower rate than our revenue and that’s because of a lot of integration efforts are going on. We still feel comfortable with the 18% to 20% that we quoted when we announced the deal even with the FX.
Mike Smiley: Well, I think a couple of things. Number one is in the first quarter and the second quarter we had a fair amount of cost that didn’t come over. So, for example, we didn’t have a full complement of finance people. So, when you look at our expense, even though some of these areas will increase as the year progressed that had relative to what the baseline was when we acquired the business, it’s still below what that baseline was, that pro forma number. The other piece is our top line continues to grow at a rate much faster than our OpEx, so that by definition, gives us our – helps us drive our margin improvement. I think one thing we’re trying to be clear on is that we’re driving towards net synergy improvement. So if you really look at it gross, we are doing very well on things we’ve identified but we need to make sure that after the increases that we’re still net $150 million of savings in Year two. So that’s why you’re sort of seeing not the savings in absolute dollars from the first quarter because some of those costs really didn’t come over when we acquired the business.
Mike Smiley: Our debt-to-EBITDA has improved modestly for obviously when we did the deal. It’s – again, we have paid down $130 million. We see the second half that will continue to generate strong cash flows to further pay down our debt. But as far as buying back shares, I think we are, I don’t want to say I think, we are absolutely committed to reducing our leverage to three times debt to EBITDA over the next three years. So, I don’t think anybody should expect us to be buying back stock for the near term.
