Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well and drove profitable growth in the third quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported net sales growth of 3%, which was on top of 15% growth in the prior year period. And adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.7%, a 160 basis points year-over-year improvement. And record quarterly non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.43, a 19% increase from the prior year.Growth in our North America and EMEA regions was partially offset by soft spending environment in China. However, our diversified business is enabling us to successfully navigate an uneven global macro economy. We continue to extend our lead in enterprise mobile computing through the broadest and deepest portfolio offering. Enterprise workers are utilizing our mobile computers for an increasing number of use cases. We are also benefiting from leading the multi-year transition to Android from the Windows Operating System.Services was a bright spot, growing double digits, as we realized higher support and repair attach rates. RFID, location solutions, and Zebra Retail Solution also performed particularly well in the quarter. Operational discipline and cost efficiencies enabled us to drive profitable growth without compromising investments in our organic growth and in our employees.Also of note, we confirmed our decision to diversify the sourcing of most of our U.S. volumes out of China. This work together with other actions we have taken is expected to substantially mitigate the recently enacted Section 301 List 4 tariffs by mid-2020.Overall, we are pleased that our value proposition and industry leading portfolio of products and solutions is resonating with customers worldwide. Our team is winning business with a broad range of leading enterprises, including our largest win in Zebra's history with the U.S. Postal Service, which we announced this morning. We have solid momentum in our business as we finish the year and enter 2020.With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q3 financial results and discuss our Q4 outlook and the initiative to diversify our product sourcing footprint.
Anders Gustafsson: Our expectation for Q4 is that we will have a fairly normal distribution of large deals. We certainly don't expect it to be a higher proportion of larger deals than normal.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. RFID is enabling our customers to gain real time visibility into their supply chains. And we're seeing an acceleration of growth in RFID, due to now being able to lower the cost of implementation having improved level of accuracy and enhanced software capabilities for RFID generally. Companies are also much more eager to innovate around their supply chains. So that's all driving a stronger adoption for RFID. And we've invested in both the product and the go-to-market side, so we have strengthened in our go-to-market capability to have greater reach and more skillsets in that area. And we are seeing strong double digit growth in our portfolio, which includes now strong performance in our fixed readers, but also our handheld readers, as well as industrial and mobile printers. We also have our location solutions activities within our LS, we talked about that as being up nicely in Q3 and some other newer solutions like SmartLens that level RFID to be able to always be able to sense inventory in a retail store as an example. So, overall RFID solutions are getting much more traction, interest from our customers and we’re participating nicely in that growth.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I’ll start and then I’ll ask Joe Heel to add some extra color. But yeah, we think the public safety markets and first net as an example to be good, incremental growth opportunities for us. Those are several hundred million dollar markets that are today served predominantly by either very unique purpose built devices or consumer devices. And we believe that there’s a good opportunity to introduce our type of solutions in that market. And as you’ve seen, we’ve had a few press releases where we’ve been able to secure wins for our explore tablets and mobile computers and printers. So, we see that as an attractive new growth market for us.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, firstly, we’re very pleased and proud of the trust that the USPS has placed in us to be that partner on this project. This project augments our relationship with them. USPS was already a customer of other products and solutions from Zebra. This is a multiyear contract. It’s the largest in our history. So, we are obviously very pleased with that. The social involves us rolling out 300,000 TC77 mobile computers, also the full suite of our mobility DNA software tools, other more customized software solutions as well as managed and professional services. This is a multiyear contract, so we would expect delivery to start ramping up in the first half of next year and go on for a couple of years, two years.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first to say, I think we executed very well in the third quarter. We had, 30% growth but that was on top of 15% growth in the Q3 2018 timeframe. We did see solid performance in North America and EMEA, which is partially offset by software spending environment in China, which really attributed to the entire shortfall. We did see particular strength in our mobile computing portfolio and services and from a vertical perspective healthcare T&L we’re very strong, but all verticals are up-to-date. And our new solutions, they’re smaller base but they are growing quite nicely overall. So, we were quite pleased with how we are progressing with our intelligence Intelligent Edge solution set.
Anders Gustafsson: So, we have a long relationship with these partners that it’s a handful of companies that we have worked with to assemble our printers, mobile computers in China so far, and we have been sustained with the same partners moving to other locations in Southeast Asia. We are obviously focusing very much on both speed and making sure we can continue to have excellent quality. We’re doing a number of things to minimize the risk of any disruption. So we are not changing the supply side, most things we are just changing the assembly locations. We have a lot of experienced managers from these companies that we will augment with our own team to ramp up these facilities. So, we think that this is very doable and compared to, when we’ve outsourced our supply chain printers back in 2010 timeframe. This would be a somewhat less complex undertaking.
Anders Gustafsson: So, by far the main aspect of our tariff mitigation strategy is to move the supply chains out of China to avoid tariffs overall. We have announced some modest price increases, but the vast majority of the savings and the effort goes into the moving of the lines. We want to make sure that we compete for the long term and that we will be able to continue to gain share and have a competitive position in the market and continue to earn our customers trust. So, we’ve been very selective in how we’ve applied price increases. So, it’s a modest part of the overall mitigation. It is somewhat mitigating the impact, but it is not offsetting the impact.
Anders Gustafsson: Obviously, the USPS contract was a competitive process and we had to compete on both offering the best overall value to our customers, which include a superior product but also competitive price. So, we are not able to explicitly talk about the margins on specific individual deals, but rest assured that this is a creative accretive to our P&L and add shareholder value to us.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think the USPS and I would say virtually all our customers are looking at the overall offer and software thing a bigger part of that, that’s a differentiator and something that they can leverage to minimize the cost for implementing maintaining and supporting the fleet after this has been deployed.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I don’t necessarily remember the specific numbers you’re quoting there, but we do have a lot of excellent relationships with executives of many of our customers. I think that goes back to our ability to help them solve their biggest issues, their priorities. We can help them implement their strategies much more. So, they see us as a much more valuable partner and therefore want to understand what we have to offer and how we can work together over a longer period of time, not just over delivering a specific project. So, our vision, our solutions ability to help our customers deliver on their priorities are great drivers for establishing what executive level relationships.
Anders Gustafsson: So, estimate supplies and USPS, I think. So first on supplies, that’s you know, one of our adjacent markets that we put a fair bit of effort behind to make sure we can drive attractive growth. It's been growing nicely over the last several years. And we're focusing both on adding new capabilities, new differentiation that are more in line with our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. I would highlight that we've in-sourced the capability of supplying RFID tags, so smart tags, as well as our Temptime labels, which can indicate exposure to temperature over either short or longer periods of times.From a margin perspective, the overall margin profile of our supplier’s businesses a little lower than our corporate average, but not much. And we obviously working hard to make sure that we improve both the growth rate and the margin rate for that. For USPS, you know it's a complete contract and includes accessories and other products. I'm not really in a position to comment specifically on the margin profile of the different sub components of the contract. But you know, again, it's accretive to our bottom line and to drive attractive shareholder value.
Anders Gustafsson: So, there's not a lot of contacts that are in one signed contract gets to be this large, but we have a lot of customers that have very large install basis, but they tend to buy more over time versus having a one contract. So there's a number of customers that have substantial installed basis that are in the same ballpark as USPS,
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, first, our mobile computing business continues to perform very, very well. You know, we had a strong quarter in Q3 and that was on top of an exceptional quarter last year. You know, we have several drivers that are supporting that growth, you know. The number of new use cases continues to expand. I'd say, our software capabilities is a great driver for this. We're also seeing, you know, consolidation of multiple devices or applications on top of our devices. Workforce Connect is a good example of that where our employees used to carry a mobile computer and a say PBX wireless phone that's now been consulting to one device, one Zebra device where running a bulls app. You know, the trend of having a device for every worker is also a big driver. We've seen lots of our customers want to make sure that as many of their workers are connected as they can. And today, we estimate about a third of eligible employees do have a device, so we see great opportunity to continue to drive penetration deeper into our customer accounts.Specific to the Android transition, that that continues to be a great catalyst for us. We still estimate about 10 million legacy Windows devices in the market. And we continue to also still enjoy over 60% market share of Android in the enterprise. The tail side of those 10 million devices, legacy Windows devices being upgraded or refreshed to Android will probably be longer than what we had originally expected. [Technical Difficulty]So thanks to Zebra team and our partners for delivering another quarter of strong profitable growth. I also want to acknowledge that this week, we celebrated the fifth anniversary of the highly successful enterprise acquisition. Our team has transformed our organization and the industry. And we have a tremendous opportunity ahead of us. I appreciate everyone's dedication as we continue our journey. Have a great day everyone.
Olivier Leonetti: So, first, I’d say our value propositions are resonating across all our vertical markets. And all our vertical markets are up year-to-date, so we’re seeing good growth across all of them. But number of the challenges that customers are seeing around having to drive increased workflow efficiencies in tight labor markets being able to provide real time guidance to the front line of their business, and enhancing customer and patient experiences. All of those, our solutions here are much more foundational to us being able to help our customers execute on their strategies, specifically to T&L. Q3 was a particularly strong quarter for T&L Plus, we’re up double digits, strong double digits.We’ve seen very healthy secular trends that are helping to drive our growth, expedited delivery, labor shortages, ecommerce overall with the share volume of deliveries are great drivers. And the T&L industry, they’re introducing a lot of automation and technology to help address these challenges. And I’d say we are uniquely positioned to help them with these needs. The warehouse transition to Android is a great driver also in the T&L space as they have lots of warehouses obviously, and I’d say in the last year, we’ve actually won a number of very attractive postal contracts with the USPS being the most recent one. Our – you asked about some of our other solutions, so I would say our Intelligent Edge solutions like SmartPack, location solution, RFID wearables, they are all happy to demonstrate our thought leadership in the industry and office smaller base, they’re growing quite nicely.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Paul. Actually, we believe that we will have mitigated substantially the impact of tariff by midyear next year. So, as we discussed earlier, we would more than 15 to 25 impact in Q1. The impact in Q2 will be lower and pretty much immaterial in the second half of the year.
Olivier Leonetti: And Keith, two additional points if I may. First, the countries where we being to go on not Greenfield countries, that’s point number one. And point number two, we’re duplicated lines, meaning we could always at any time keep supplying the U.S. market from our plants in China, if needed.
Olivier Leonetti: So Jeff, few things. One does new solutions; despite being expanding are growing at a much higher great rate than the company average. So faster growth. And the gross margin profile of those new solutions is higher than the company average, because of – as Anders and also Joe mentioned because of the value we’re providing the economics for both parties, our customers and ourselves are better.
Olivier Leonetti: So, Jason, we are not assuming buyback – the impact of buy backing our EPS wrench. The reason for this is we believe is the best way to really describe the operational performance of the company. Having said that, we expect to be in the market in Q4 to our buyback program. And our level of participation will depend on stock price levels. But again, no buyback impact in EPS guide.
