Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was clearly a challenging quarter as the softening demand we began to see in late 2015, particularly in North America, unexpectedly persisted through the end of the first quarter. As a result, adjusted sales declined 3% year-on-year on a constant currency basis, short of our expectation for approximately flat sales. In addition, given the flow-through impact of lower sales, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.01 also below our expectations and lower than the prior year. Typically, our quarterly sales volume is backend loaded, particularly in the first quarter, through February we had been encouraged by a healthy pipeline of direct business, as well as the expectation for a pickup in growth across our reseller network. However, as we progressed through March, continued economic uncertainty combined with the slow IT purchasing environment led customers to push out decisions and commitments. This impacted our late quarter close rates and resulted in lower than expected sales. Also, our distribution partners reduced inventories as they navigated through softer than expected end-user demand. As a reminder, we faced a challenging comparison to exceptionally strong first quarter sales growth last year of 13% in North America, and 11% in constant currency for the total company. Turning to our regions, while we anticipated a decline in North America. The decrease was more pronounced than expected, driven largely by the macroeconomic uncertainty I discussed earlier. In EMEA, we saw a modest constant currency growth driven by strength in the UK, Germany and Eastern Europe. We saw some weakness in Southern Europe and the Middle East and the run-rate business was softer. Our Latin America region continued to see sharp sales declines through the first quarter after a weak 2015. That said, we had limited growth in Mexico, our largest contributor to sales volume in the region. This was overshadowed by ongoing weakness in Brazil where we have yet to see stabilization in the political and economic environment. There were some bright spots in the first quarter. First mobile computing sales were up slightly on a constant currency basis, including solid growth in Android. Second, on a constant currency basis, we achieved double-digit growth in Asia-Pacific, led by strong performance in China, and our supplies business returned to growth after a brief pause in the fourth quarter. In the U.S. and Europe, sales-out of our distribution partners outpaced sales-in, which indicates stronger end-user demand than our results indicate. Looking at our verticals, we saw the strongest growth in transportation and logistics, which benefits from parcel delivery and e-commerce growth. Healthcare continued to gain momentum and remains a strong vertical for us. However, retail, our largest vertical, declined due to slower purchasing decisions and fewer large transactions. While a number of environmental factors put pressure on our first quarter sales results, our team executed well within the areas of the business we were able to control. For example, despite lower than expected sales, we delivered Q1 gross margin at the high end of our expectations, as the result of our efforts to capture synergies and execute on our improvement plan for services margins. Given the lower than expected first quarter results and the continued headwinds, we are introducing a tempered outlook for the second quarter and have lowered our full year sales forecast. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO Mike Smiley, to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our 2016 outlook. Afterwards, I will return to discuss our progress on strategic priorities, as well as key areas we are focused on to position the business for improved performance.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We saw the same trend in North America, Europe and Latin America, where the end markets were a little weaker than what the distribution partners had expected at the beginning of the period. So, when their expectations are tempered a little bit, tempered down a bit, they tend to reduce their inventory positions, in order to maintain the same level of days on hand. But for us that means that basically sales-out continues at a reasonable clip, but they can then satisfy that with inventory in hand for some time. So for us, our revenue recorded becomes less, while the sales-out, which is a better indication of the health of the end markets, continues at the better pace.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Our industry is clearly competitive. We always said it's a competitive industry, but it is also fairly fragmented. Zebra is the clear market leader, and if you go back to 2015, we gained share across all our main product lines globally, and early indications are that we held or gained share in the first quarter here also. So, I think the cost for the difficulty we're seeing is much more macro in nature. I think we certainly feel that we are very well positioned to continue to expand our leadership position in the industry. And our customers view us now much more as being strategic to them, our solutions are well respected and needed by our customers and I think we're very well aligned – our solution is very well aligned with our customers priorities.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I don't think we can quantify it in real dollar terms, but the channel sales were slightly negative for us in North America, but they were on the sales-in basis, but they are positive on the sales-out basis. So there was a difference, but I wouldn't say that that would be – that's not the sole reason for why we missed our numbers.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We believe that the inventory level going into the channel is appropriate. And we are forecasting basically a neutral sales in and sales out for the second quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, we have confidence in our 2016 outlook as we've outlined here now. We certainly had persistent macro headwinds in the first quarter. It's a big drive. And when we look at the markets going forward, we don't believe that they are getting worse. If anything that feels like Q2 is getting a bit better, but we want to have a cautious tone I guess to this, and we've also taken a more cautious assessment of some of the assumptions that we used to build up our forecast. So, I think on the last call, we talked about our close rates for the deals we have in the pipeline, they ended up being lower than what we had expected, lower than what we had seen in the last five years, based on both the budgets being pushed out, but also more C-level people changes where they kind of came in and put a freeze on some projects until they could figure out what the new IT strategy and IT projects priorities should be. And we're also assuming some longer sales cycle based on what we've seen here in the quarter. But we do expect stabilization in the second quarter, and we would expect to have sequential growth, but we're forecasting basically sequential growth in line with historical trends when we look at what the business has done quarter-over-quarter over the last five years. It gives us a sense of what's normal, so we don't want to – we're not pushing beyond that particularly. And as I said earlier, sales-out versus sales-in we're forecasting to be neutral. Our partner community they were very bullish beginning of the year at the end of last year, beginning of this year, and they continue to remain very optimistic. So that gives us some confidence. We launched our new partner program, PartnerConnect in April, that we believe will help us drive some enthusiasm around our brand and recruit some more partners and win more business, and we have a good pipeline, we do have a very strong pipeline for the business.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. The vast-vast majority of them are just being pushed out some to Q2, some further out. We don't expect that trend will totally stop. I suspect that we will see some continued push out from Q2 to Q3, but it will diminish as the year goes by. And our – we have not lost anymore deals than we would normally do, so this is not about we losing deals. This is deals getting pushed out.
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe just to add a couple of things. You mentioned also, you thought our synergy target had gone down and it hasn't. We have not changed our synergy target, that's the same as it was before. And in 2017, our integration cost will further come down and actually go away altogether, so it could generate a lot of additional free cash flow.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll start a little broad, a little high, and then I'll kind of narrow myself down to more the omni-channel activities, but first I'd say the corrections we saw in the stock market in late 2015, early 2016, that happened as people were starting to put together their 2016 operating budgets. So I think that caused people to wonder, should I lean into 2016 or should I lean out of it. So, I think people took a little longer to finalize their budgets, they took a little longer to hand down those budgets to their operating units. So it took longer for basically the businesses to get back to business again. And also in retail specifically I think the Christmas season was kind of uneven between the different retailers. And the omni-channel activities for retailers, it's a big strategic shift for retail generally. You have traditional brick and mortar retailers and then you've had more the pure play e-commerce guys fulfilling through a distribution center. So, there has been more change I guess in the executive suite to be able to deal with this and when you have a new, say an IT team come in, they tend to want to pause a little bit of what they're doing, assess what they're doing, figure out what the new priorities, new strategies should be, but then, in order for them to execute on their omni-channel strategy. Now, we are very well positioned to help them with their omni-channel strategy. We are an essential part of helping them drive greater visibility into all the merchandise they have in store, which is essential to having an effective omni-channel strategy. But I'd also like to, again, maybe point to, there are more new use cases that drives demand for our products in retail and in, say the online e-commerce piece. So if you just go back and think about how historically a retailer would get a pallet of goods delivered at the back of the store, you would take the boxes out and scan them in, put them in the back of the store, then you would put them in the front of the store and the consumer will pick it up and take it to the point of sale, where they will be scanned. So the touch points for our products was there, but not as dense as it is today. If you now look at, for a brick-and-mortar retailer, say, you have click-and-collect. So you order from home, you have somebody in the store pick up all the merchandise for you and check you out; that requires a lot more mobile computing, scanning, printing. You have mobile point-of-sale as part of that. You have pick up at the curb. You have to identify the consumer. We use lockers to do this. And if you go into a fulfillment center, you see lots and lots of touch points where you have to scan every item in, it's not just pallets, you are scanning every item that comes, and equally you have to scan it out. And it drives lots of printing, lots of mobile computing, and eventually also you get the benefit of transportation logistics, that each package has to deliver to somebody's home. So the backdrop for us in retail, we see as being very positive as these new modalities of how consumers want to interact with the retailers tends to be very favorable and require more of our product.
Anders Gustafsson: I think if there was, we believe it is very small. We don't believe that that had a big impact on the first quarter. We purposefully were not sharing too much about the new program until we got into the first days of Q2 to specifically ensure that we didn't distort Q1 or Q2.
Anders Gustafsson: So, first, we are confident that that's still a very appropriate range for us and we expect to be within that range more consistently. I think the original target was for that to happen as a run rate as we exit 2017. So, I think that what we saw here in the first quarter is much more driven by short-term economic issues that seems like many other companies have been hit by too, not a structural issue to us or our industry. We feel we have good growth opportunities. We have good opportunity to expand our gross margin, expand our EBITDA margin as well. So, I feel that's a very appropriate and doable target for us.
Anders Gustafsson: It's a very important goal for us. We have set a lot of internal targets around that also to align the entire organization towards these things. So, we clearly see this as one of our absolute top priorities, and one that we feel very good about our ability to meet.
Anders Gustafsson: No. As I said earlier, we have a competitive market. It's a very fragmented market. There's lots of competitors coming in and out of our market. We are the clear market leader and we gain share in 2015, we certainly expect to continue to gain share in 2016. So, we're not focused on anyone particular competitor. We're looking at how do we make sure that we can execute our plans. There're obviously a number of players with different sleds out there. So it's not something radically new for the industry, so I feel comfortable with our competitive position and our ability to continue to grow and expand our market share.
Michael C. Smiley: Before we start, just real quick, I wanted to clarify something that I – in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that in our – achieving our goal of $300 million of debt repayment, I said that our working capital would provide $30 million of cash. Well, that number should be $100 million. I just want to make sure that's correct for everyone. Thank you.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah. The majority of that increase is related to a settlement, so fortunately settlements don't incur additional costs, so that shouldn't be ongoing. It's related to an IP matter, and it's not the – it's not related to the NFL. I think that one thing we would want people to take away is that, we have been aggressively managing our cost. And I think as we put out our forecast for Q2, we're seeing slightly lower year-over-year OpEx as we go into the second quarter, so OpEx is getting a lot of focus from management at this point.
Michael C. Smiley: Most of it. There's a little bit also of healthcare. Healthcare is a difficult item to forecast. And so, depending upon the actual employee health issues it goes up and goes down. So the biggest – the biggest one is the litigation related to the IP. I'd say the next one is healthcare.
Michael C. Smiley: Effectively, it was fairly flat except for Location Solutions. Location Solutions was the major change from year-to-year.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah. This is Mike. And so, there is a couple of questions in there and I'll start with the gross margin. I think, first of all, we were very pleased with the results in the first quarter from a gross margin standpoint. One of the nice things that we saw there was our services margin improved meaningfully in the first quarter, which helped, obviously the synergy work we've been doing on the procurement side has helped us. We see as the year goes on that we'll continue to benefit from further work that's been done on the procurement side. Volume will also improve. So, from what I think was a very solid first quarter, we see that continuing to improve through the end of the year. So, when you look at the cash flow available for re-payment of our debt, part of it's going to come from the stronger margins to offset some of the top-line dampening that we've been sharing. As far as the ability to reach our three times net debt to EBITDA, there is a couple of things that I want to highlight is that when we set the $350 million for 2017, we weren't assuming that all of our cash for 2017 would be necessary to get down to that three times debt to EBITDA, so there is – so as a result, if we achieve what our expectations are in 2017 even with what we had prior to our current change, we could have done more than $350 million and we still see an easy path getting to the $350 million. As far as the $300 million for this year, again just to reiterate, we said that we expect our EBITDA margin to improve from last year. And as I tried to clarify earlier, working capital improvements should be $100 million better than last year. I think if you look at our cash flow, you can see we had $96 million of operating cash flow, a lot of that came from working capital. So, it was a huge improvement from the prior year. We also have $90 million to $100 million lower integration spend year-over-year. CapEx will be lowered by $30 million, a big chunk that relates to the savings for the spending we had last year to get everybody in the same place. And then, we also see the ability to – this doesn't necessarily go to three times as far as paying down our debt. We see the ability to repatriate $50 million in the year from foreign locations that will help us reduce our debt.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, this is Mike. So yes it's $50 million, $30 million of it is cost to goods sold, $20 million is OpEx. Again this is improvements from 2015 and for the OpEx, a portion of it is just actions that happened in last year will have a full year effect in 2016. The cost of goods sold is primarily procurement related items where you have to sort of burn through old inventory at higher prices before you can process through your P&L, the lower cost items that you negotiated previously.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, so we talked about the gross margin. As we go through the year, we see – obviously we're affected year-over-year by FX headwinds, right. So that is a negative impact for us on our gross margins. We saw actually in the first quarter of 60 basis points. That's offset by the synergy benefits that we saw, services improvements in margins that we talked about in the first quarter, we expect it continues through the full year. And then as we forecast it, our revenue is going to increase, our volume is going to increase as the year progresses, and that will also help us. So as we've talked about gross margins, though we've done – considering the headwinds of FX, we had very strong Q1 and we expect that to continue through the end of the year.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah. Just to follow-on Andrew, just not to belabor the point, but if we had – the exchange rate – the goals that you talked about were set and we did the acquisition. And at that point, the exchange rate for the euro was a about a $1.33. So, if we were still in that environment today, our EBITDA margin would be 19.8% for the first quarter. So, I think from a management standpoint, as Anders is saying for us to still hold onto this 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. I'm hoping people will realize that we are managing in a very, very challenging environment. That said, as I mentioned on the previous question, we still see in the year, we had very strong Q1 gross margin. We see that improving through the year. We have – we're managing our OpEx carefully and I would say that within our current OpEx, there are certain integration, or two-system dis-synergies, which is in the middle of 2017 should reduce pretty dramatically – meaningfully I don't want to say all of a sudden OpEx falls off the table, but that will help us further drive towards the EBITDA margin that we're still holding on to and are confident we'll achieve.
