Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussion.
Doug Fox: Okay. Thank you very much everybody for joining us today. I’d like to just let you know that our next regularly scheduled quarterly conference call will be on February 19. So until then thank you very much and have a great day.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, Mike, for us having a vibrant product portfolio is absolutely critical like for any technology company and we do pay a lot of attention to make sure that our investment ratios are in line with what we feel the return will be also. We believe that the investments we made over the last several years in new product development have been well spent.  We’re seeing the improvements in the business and both are driving reputation as the most innovative premium brand in the market as well as the market share gains we have been able to drive. So it is an important part of our strategy but obviously we’re also very sensitive to making sure that we have the right kind of ratios to deliver proper earnings leverage in the P&L.
Anders Gustafsson: First, we are very excited about what Zatar can do; it’s an open cloud-based way to help our customers to connect specially any in all devices to all sorts of Internet applications. I think the best analogy for Zatar is probably is the Facebook for devices, users likely Facebook, the Facebook page knows all their critical information; they have the ability to connect to other third party applications and to other people. The same goes for Zatar as the platform it basically is the Facebook page for devices enabling it to connect to all sorts of other applications and devices and creates much of a networked world. It is a software as a service, so revenue ramp a little less than it would be for sold as equipment but over time it should provide a steadier business with steady growth and good profitability. 
Anders Gustafsson: At the intend this that we’ve really worked hard on differentiating ourselves to make it easy to use; that is one of the things that want to make sure we can convey and make people feel that this is a product or solution that you don’t have to study the user manual for day but you would be able to get up running pretty quickly. 
Anders Gustafsson: On the competitive landscape I said, I don’t think we feel that the competitive landscape has changed materially over the last year or so, we’ve had many strong competitors for a long time now, in a somewhat tighter economic environment like we have now I think the competition gets to be a bit more intense, but I think we can stand up well to that with our scale and the breadth of our portfolio and relationships, we certainly see tougher times as a good opportunity for us to expand our leadership position in the industry and our customers are responding well to our messages around how we can help them increase visibility into their supply chain and they like to do business with leaders particularly in tough times with companies that have the financial strength to continue to invest in product development and make sure that their investment's going to be relevant several years from now. If you're referring to Honeywell Intermec merger we haven't seen that make any changes to our competitive landscape yet.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes obviously the guidance we've given is inclusive of the entire business but we feel very good about our supplies business we've executed on the basically the same strategy now for, since 2009 so four years, we had 12% increase in Q3 which we feel very good about, that's certainly much faster than the market rate for the supplies, market growth rate for the supplies business, it's been a very broad-based strength from the business but primarily centered around North America, Western Europe and Mexico, those are the areas that we have a strong supply presence. Most of the other parts of the world we have a very modest presence. but we're focusing very much we can show we have innovative value added products that differentiate us from our competition and gives us a chance to generate more of a premium price, premium margin for these products, and we are also investing in making sure that we drive cost reductions in these areas as this is a very much cost sensitive business. So we invest to make sure we can drive down the cogs for our product. Healthcare's been a great vertical market for our supplies business and LaserBand is an acquisition we’re very pleased with how that's been performing for us for the last year, and we continue to be very optimistic about these business and see opportunities to both expand geographically as well as expand our portfolio. 
Anders Gustafsson: I think we want to limit our future outlook to what we said here for the company as a whole and not start really giving, dissecting that into all the components.
Anders Gustafsson: It was a strong, most of our product lines performed well, I would say there's one to highlight it would be the high end of our printers, the table top, now that line has been a bit more subdued in the last couple of quarters that had a strong performance in Q3, that would be the one to highlight I think.
Anders Gustafsson: I think the strategic backdrop I say for mobile point of sale continues to be very attractive, retailers are by and large focusing a lot on how to improve the customer experience. And make sure that they don't get kind of disaggregated by retailers and mobile point of sale is an important point of that. They really want to make sure they can drive a much more interesting engagement between the sales person in the store and the customer. When retailer goes and starts to point this usually if it's certainly a larger department store or something it's not across the entire store, it's more department by department. So it’s starting with modest growth I think here now, but it feels like this will be a bigger trend.
Anders Gustafsson: We're very excited about MotionWorks, we think it's a unique solution that offers very high degree of accuracy in real time and the value proposition is both for the fan experience and most sports leagues are very eager to make sure they get seats and get people out of their living rooms and their 65 inch TVs to actually go to the arenas. And our solution can really help them with providing much more interesting statistics and analytics for people who are at the game. But also offers all the coaches a lot of opportunities to offer more insights. We're obviously working hard on trying to convert the trials we have, the pilots we have. I am not going to speculate today about exactly how quickly that can happen and when that will happen, but it will be starting with a limited number of actual live deployments and then we will grow from there. So from the revenue impact in our 2014 P&L it's going to start small grow but it’s not going to have a huge impact on a $1 billion base.
Anders Gustafsson: We're obviously very cash generative as a company and we have been able to generate very healthy -- cash flows for the past several years. But our buybacks have been quite substantial too. I think we bought back about $600 million worth of shares since the beginning of 2008. So that's a big number. But we’re always looking for the best ways for us to deploy our cash and returning cash to shareholders is an important part of our overall strategy. And we think that doing that through buybacks has been a good strategy for us good results, and we expect to continue that. But we're also looking at expanding our business through acquisitions we’ve talked about that on many calls here now however strategy around the acquisition hasn’t changed but I must say I think we’re seeing more attractive opportunities than we did in the past that we’d like to pursue. Primarily in three buckets you can say or Rhonda expanding our printer business, looking at our supplies business and some other near adjacencies. But a first filter we have for this is always making sure there is a strong strategic that we can add something to that business and then looking at the highest return from the risk of adjusted basis for those investments.
Anders Gustafsson: So we do talk about the dividends with our board several times a year so there is very much an ongoing discussion. So far we felt that the returning cash to shareholders has been a top priority the vehicle by which we’ve returned cash has been little less important and we felt that buying back shares has been the most appropriate way for us to do that so far.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I can do that Greg. Right now the largest customer by percentage of sales is 17.5 followed by 12.9% and 12.6% for the third customers those are the three customers about 10%.
Anders Gustafsson: And I would add I think that we end up with through the company by the way so as our supplies grows again our supplies business doesn’t have a big pull for OpEx but it also has a little bit lower gross margin. So that that affects our overall gross margins for the business. And also on the more printer side sometimes when we have large deals which attract little bit competitive we will make sure we win those deals and that’s reflected in our gross margins too.
Greg Halter: It does seem like it’s a easy product to use at least based on the descriptions that I’m reading or at least get started with. 
Greg Halter: I got the age old question for you regarding capital deployment. So $585 million was your peak cash in investment second quarter of '06, we had about $466 million now. Since 2000 you spent about -- not spent you have returned about $913 million to shareholders. And just wondered what we can look going forward because the cash seems to continue to build even though you are buying back stock.
Greg Halter: And there is some investors out there who look at strong cash flow companies like Zebra and then those companies and certainly this would be within the board’s consideration look at dividend and then raising that dividend every year for 10, 20, 30, 50 years and so forth. Just wondering if that something that comes up in board discussions and what made the argument against a dividend policy? Thanks.
Mike Terzich: Paul you know the other aspect of this I think for us has been the pipeline is clearly improving as Anders noted I think it standard grade now for us principally in Asia and North America we’re still seeing that choppiness in Latin America and a bit in EMEA. Now in North America what we’ve seen has been an improvement particularly in retail I think there is a piece of this that’s kind of borne out of necessity so to speak.  I think there is a lot of retail customers have sitting on the sideline for a long time as they’ve kind of sorted out what is happening and their retail space with mobility with credit card adoption and chip and pin adoption and platform changes.  So, we’re starting to see that late up a little bit the grip on that and that’s fueling some business as is manufacturing and then I think out of Asia it's pretty much what Anders has said it. So, we’re seeing kind of return to the traditional manufacturing space which is very good for us because it’s a mix of product that is much more stationary than it is mobile. 
Mike Terzich: As far as the timing of the pipeline I think it is pretty much, its reflective in some of the guidance that you’ll see for the fourth quarter clearly from the timing perspective we’re feeling better about what we see. We measure our pipeline in both value and in volume and those are two intricate pieces of data that we look at very closely on any given quarter. So, what we are seeing is more deals and the value of those deals is increasing in size. What we’ve been reporting in the last couple of calls has been that value and that volume has been little bit more tepid. I think, people had previously been taking some positions where they've been truncating some of these deals and segmenting them into smaller increments, I think they have a little bit more forward confidence in their business at present where the value of those opportunities is increasing, so I may turn it back to Anders for some additional comments.
Mike Terzich: Okay Michael this is Mike Terzich, I'll start, I’ll turn it over to Anders and Mike Smiley for some additional comments but as far as mobile point of sale space is concerned what we are seeing is clearly there is a very high level of interest from a variety of tier 1, tier 2 and even kind of tier 3 retail customers, everybody is certainly looking at the deployment of mobility payment solutions in their business they're all at various stages of consideration so it is a space that we see in the long-term having some significant growth prospects, for us we have been carving out where we think we can rightfully play from a niche within that space and we’re centered more in that tier two, tier three retail application space, so we have got some percolating interest from a variety what we would consider to be national, meaningful, accounts but not necessarily the very large retail accounts, they are generally going to stay with the traditional people that offer some payment and solutions. And I think our outlook is that this is going to continue to grow in momentum and opportunity. And secondly, for us, there is a field service component to the mobile point of sales side that plays very naturally to where Zebra is centered today. So when you think about the ability to take payment in the field after services rendered that's a natural adjacent fee for where we fell today both from a channel perspective and with our solutions. Let me turn it back to Anders for some additional comments.
Mike Terzich: It's Mike Terzich again. No I think our expectation is relative, we see some consistency in the fourth quarter outlook for Asia relative to that high performance entered the marketplace. That is principally for us a core products set that we sell more broadly in China and Korea and given the pipeline and the opportunities we see at present. And given the fact that if you really dial the clock back a little bit, if you look at the last several quarters in China it had been to Anders point somewhat subdued, we see that people have waited while to expand production lines and refresh some of the aging equipment and we think that will continue into the fourth quarter.
Mike Terzich: Tim, this is Mike Terzich. We are and I think part of that goes back to earlier comment I think in North America I think the challenge has been that retailers have been sitting on some of their IT assets for what we would consider to be an abnormally longer period of time. I think as they have gotten greater confidence and perhaps the near term economic outlook if you look at retail, the holiday season forecast that was just recently published it points to a more bullish outlook. I think we’re starting to see a relaxing of some of those constraints and so yes we’re seeing a return on some retail capital spend.
Mike Terzich: Carl, this is Mike Terzich. We do, in some cases we do have the opportunity where we have bundled supplies with a hardware specific fail and in certain cases we can leverage one or both and in some cases we actually even leverage a service contract to break with service contract as part of a larger opportunity. I do think that going back to our focus on supplies has been we principally center in high value marking opportunity, so by and large well, to Mike Smiley’s comment, our gross margin profile of our supplies businesses is not to the level of our hardware business where we tend to focus in high value marking. We stay out of a lot of the commodity paper site of the business, which gets very low margin, very price intensive space. That’s not our focus.
