Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you see on slide five, our team delivered solid third quarter results, including adjusted net sales of $936 million with organic growth of nearly 6%, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.2%, which was a 110 basis point year-on-year improvement, and non-GAAP EPS of $1.87, a 31% increase from last year. Each of these metrics exceeded our guidance range. In the quarter, we continued to extend our market leadership and delivered innovative solutions to our customers that provide them increased visibility into their operations.  We achieved growth across all regions led by EMEA and Latin America. We also saw strength across all product lines with data capture, mobile computing and printing, each growing above the company average. The broad-based strength in the quarter reflected growth in the channel. In addition, we continued to build our pipeline of larger opportunities, resulting in a strong backlog position as we entered the fourth quarter. We accomplished this while exiting all remaining transition service agreements related to the Enterprise acquisition as well as executing on our debt restructuring plan. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and to discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you. Firstly on the verticals, we had -- we had a lot of strong secular growth drivers across all our verticals and we believe we have a very competitive set of products and solutions that are helping to fuel growth across all of them. If I give you some more color on the specific verticals, I'll start with retail. Retail has been a strong vertical for Zebra for several years for a long time. We had solid growth over the past year and the recent study we talked about on -- at the script, I think, validates the growth opportunity that we believe is there for us. The retail vertical is going through a substantial transformation, but it is growing and we started trying to take -- to capitalize on this shift from brick and mortar to e-commerce and Omni channel. Brick and mortar and e-tailers are all embracing our type of technology to be able to execute on their growth strategies. So we are much more essential to their -- executing on their strategies today than we were historically. And we have a number of new attractive product launches and also aided by the overall Android transition in the market, we are seeing good traction. We have some newer solutions like RFID SmartLens, a personal shopper, and the MP7000 bioptic scanners that are very -- have very strong value propositions for Omni channel retailers and helps to drive more towards a frictionless checkout. And we do see some substantial refreshes, but as you know, in retail, that tends to also be a little more lumpy. I can go through a couple of the other ones. Also you asked, I think for all the verticals. So in healthcare, that's our fastest growing vertical. The key driver for growth in healthcare has been the adoption of electronic medical records. Our value proposition historically in our spaces have been primarily focused around efficiency, but in healthcare, we can augment that with also improving the quality of care and the safety of care for patients. So it makes it that much more compelling, I think. We launched some new healthcare specific products earlier this year, the TC51 and DS8100 scanner, and we're seeing good momentum building from those product introductions. We also, I think last quarter, introduced a new collaboration we have with GE Healthcare for flexible and affordable asset tracking in hospitals, which we see is ramping nicely for us. And maybe lastly here, healthcare has been a predominantly US vertical historically, but it's now starting to show more signs of growing outside of the US, also becoming more of a global market. And lastly, I'll do the transportation logistics also. We're seeing solid growth in T&L, certainly benefiting from strong secular trends around e-commerce and much more parcel delivery to people's homes. We launched some new attractive products at the end of last year, beginning of this year, the TC75x and the TC56 and both are having a meaningful impact and helping to drive the Android transition in T&L. We have new solutions in T&L also like SmartPack and trailer location compliance, which demonstrates our industry leadership and provides some upside to the business also.
Anders Gustafsson: I think that was more broad based than that. So we started the quarter with good backlog position and we wanted to be able to satisfy that demand early. So we built up some extra inventory to be able to do that, but it was not just retail. Certainly some retail customers in that also, but that was more broad-based.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, we had very good performance. Our printing and supplies business was up mid-single digits. We have a strong product portfolio today and we have more new products coming. I think the printer products have probably been the biggest beneficiary of us going kind of to the one Zebra of trying to cross-sell all the different products into existing customers. We have some, I think, unique differentiators in our products; one is our Link-OS differentiator, which enables us to have a software environment, which makes the printers a smart network citizen. We can now run applications on the printers and it can communicate a lot more things about itself of what's going on. Another differentiator for us is the Network Connect application we have. This is -- enables us to have a direct interconnect into Rockwell Automation's ecosystem. We're developing now good relationships with all of their distributors to be able to be the partner of choice for them. We've launched some new attractive printers in -- at the end of Q2, beginning of Q3, both the new ZT600 and the ZT500. Those are new tabletop printers or top of the line printers for us and they have been very well received in the markets. And our supplies business continues to do well also. It's -- we still consider that an under-penetrated market for us with lots more upside.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So first, overall, we had very strong performance in Asia outside of China, led by Australia, Japan and India. We had strong performance of -- in printing in Asia also, but it was certainly helped by a lower -- an easier comp as we had a duty impact in 3Q of '16. China was down this quarter, but it was -- is mitigating, the trend is improving. We did see some softness in data capture and printing.  But remember, China is less than half of our Asia-Pac sales, but we do feel good about the progress we're making on our comprehensive go-to-market improvement plan and we're coming out with some products that are specifically tailored for the Chinese market. So we believe we are on an improving trend and we do continue to expect that China will be a long-term growth driver for us.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll add a couple of words to it also. I think you asked kind of what -- if retail generally is looking to grow at 3% in their revenues, or retail revenues growing 3%, how can we expect to grow 4% to 5%. And our sense is that technology is much more of an essential enabler for retailers to grow today. They are having to invest much more disproportionately in technology to enable them to execute on their growth strategies like Omni channel and e-commerce. And we are also then benefited -- benefiting disproportionately by that as we have such a broad and relevant portfolio of product and solutions to help them do this. An example would just be how, you look at the device count per store and how that's going up as retailers wants their store associates to be much more connected and be able to engage much more constructively and timely with their customers. So -- and you combine that with our expectation that we will continue to grow some share, I think we feel comfortable that this should help us drive a 4% to 5% revenue growth overall across all industries and through cycles.
Anders Gustafsson: It's a bit of both. I guess, first, we have had a large number of products at the edge of the network and these are products that are obviously connecting the physical world to the digital world and generating large amounts of data. And we have been using a lot of that data in some of our applications like OVS, LS, MotionWorks and so forth and we're now making this data available to other partners as well, but leveraging this, the Savanna platform for doing this. So it's a way for us to combine our deep understanding of the vertical workflows and with insights that we get from all the data at the edge to provide more actionable insights and enable for more frictionless workflows.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We can connect -- we make it easier to connect any and all type of sensors into Savanna at the -- on the south bound interface, but also into any and all type of applications on the north side. So we want to make sure that Savanna can be a, we could say, a standard, de-facto standard in our space for when you want to connect data generating devices at the edge of the network to be able to drive real actionable insights into various applications.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start a little bit higher level maybe and say we think of ourselves as an IoT company that's developing solutions that leverages data to reduce friction in workflows for front-line employees. So that's kind of the essence that we're trying to do. So we see EAI for us as a very differentiated and defensible strategy. It is not -- we haven't found other people who are able to do what we can do here. We see it as something that can deliver real outcomes, revenue growth or greater efficiency, improved services. But the way we're doing it is by really connect -- helping to connect the physical world to the digital world, capturing that data at the edge. And it's very hard to get access to that data. Most companies that are talking about IoT, they tend to be analytics companies or companies from the data center, they don't really have access to the data at the edge. And then when you combine that with our deep understanding of the specific workflows in various verticals, we can combine that -- we can gain a lot of insight from that data from the edge that we have access to, to help improve workflows in those vertical markets and help the front-line employees in those markets to be able to perform their tasks more efficiently or better.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start and then Joe can provide some additional color here. I think there was no one thing that drove the strength of the printer business this quarter. I think we have a very strong portfolio of products. We continue to refresh it and we had the -- our new tabletop printers come out, which added to the revenues, but they are still new products, but we saw a resurgence generally in our high-end tabletop printing business based on those, that helped to catalyze that. And I think also the differentiators that we have around Link-OS and the Network Connect into Rockwell's ecosystem are things that we can do, as we have unique capabilities to enable those. And I think customers who are looking for using printers more intelligently in their networking applications see those as great value adders for us. So -- but otherwise, the performance for us was very broad-based across all four regions and supplies is another area that we think of as a good growth engine for us and one where we are underrepresented today.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we had in-sourced about 30% of the repair volume in North America by the end of the third quarter. We expect it to be about 50% at the end of the year. And when you -- once you get into Q2, you'll have kind of a longer tail of smaller things that we will do till probably Q3 where we -- when we would expect to be done.
Anders Gustafsson: I -- we obviously got to be careful about how much we can comment on ScanSource business, but I think we can say that our revenues through the channel overall and with ScanSource performed very well in Q3. So we -- ScanSource has been a good partners for us for a long time and we continue to do a lot of business with them and our business with ScanSource in Q3 was up.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We don't do -- we don't take deals direct, say, if -- on a whim to improve margin or something. We try to be very loyal to our partners and have -- if the partners worked on a deal, we will support them at those prices and rather lose the deal than take it right because it tends to have a very negative impact on the relationships with the channel community.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I -- we have to be maybe a little bit more circumspect because we don't -- we tend not to announce new products on our earnings call, but the philosophy behind it, I think, we can talk about, right? We see product innovation as a key part of kind of the life blood of Zebra. We are a tech company and we need to have a fresh and compelling set of solutions that offers new value to our customers. So we will always make sure that we have new compelling solutions that we can talk to our customers about. I think I said today, we feel our core portfolio is very, very strong. There are still some products in the core portfolio that will need to be refreshed here in the next -- within next month -- or next year, sorry, but there is also some more adjacent, more EAI like type solutions that we would like to bring to market and accelerate growth from also. So we certainly see innovation to continue to be a key part of our value proposition and how we differentiate ourselves in the market.
Anders Gustafsson: The vast majority of our printer sales go direct. We have less of these larger deals, but there are some very large customers where we deal with them overall direct. Sorry, sorry.
Anders Gustafsson: I would say no. There are no changes to the channel program that we've made recently that affect printing particularly or the printing gross margin. I think as Olivier said, it's simply a matter of the mix and some of the operational factors.
Olivier Leonetti: So Brian, I'm going to take this question. So first of all, about the long-term growth of the company, as we have indicated before and we are still behind this claim, we believe that we can grow the company over cycle at the rate of 4% to 5%. This is a growth that we have been achieving over the last few years. Certainly, we're going to beat that number this year. And that's due to a few reasons. First, strong market trends and also our ability to compete in this market due to our set of product and solutions, which is allowing us to compete better and better every quarter. Regarding 2018, which is a question you alluded to, we're not going to provide a guide today, but we feel optimistic about next year. We believe we're going to be able to deliver a solid growth. The levers of growth are going to be a bit different. I am not going to go into the details of those today, but we believe we have various avenues to grow the company either in our core market or in our close adjacent markets. And last, regarding 2017, a few things explained the strong performance of the company this year. First, a strong end market, and two, an increased ability of the company to compete as the integration of Motorola Enterprise is now behind us. We believe we have the best set of products and solutions we have had as a company and that is translating into either top line or also bottom line improvements.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me answer to your first question. So we are not updating our long-term EBITDA margin target of 18% to 20%. Having said that, we believe we have the ability to improve the operating leverage in the company through either a gross margin rate lever, we have a strong set of products and solutions, which would help us to increase margin, gross margin rate, and also we believe we have also we believe we have also an OpEx lever. As the integration is now behind us, we have the ability to enhance productivity across the company. So no commitment to be over the range, but the vectors are positive. Regarding FX, it's obviously a positive trend. If you look at my prepared remarks, FX is driving a 2 percentage point growth -- goodness in the quarter. Now we are hedging. As you know, about 80% of the currency exposure is hedged as we enter into a quarter. So you don't have the full benefit of that to the bottom line, but some of it, but the margin strength in the quarter was mainly due to operational efficiencies and quality of our pricing, Brian.
Olivier Leonetti: So we are looking at the margin -- gross margin in term of dollars. So if you look at the margin dollar in Q4, it's increasing relative to last year. If you look at the rate, it's indeed lower than what we have had. It's actually due to a larger mix of bids which will impact the margin rate, but we are pleased with the margin profile of the company, and I wouldn't read too much into rate in a particular quarter.
Olivier Leonetti: The net answer is no. We have a very boilerplate hedging plan. We believe that the best lever to improve the growth and profitability of the company is actually to maximize the way we compete rather than having complicated hedge programs. So no change being contemplated in term of FX programs.
Olivier Leonetti: So services margin is expected to increase over time. We believe we are -- this is actually one of the lever to increase the bottom line of the company. The phenomena we had in Q3 are exceptional in nature and short-term orientated. They are due to mainly the transition from an outsource model to an in-source model for North America, but as I said, Keith, this is a temporary trend and you should expect services margin to increase going forward.
Olivier Leonetti: Right. So let me start by reaffirming, this is not part of your question, but we are confirming that we'd pay at least 200 million of debt for the year, which is a key objective for the company, as you know, Matt. In term of use of cash, what is happening today for inventory is actually the consequence of a high-class problem. The business is strong, we had at the end of the third quarter a strong backlog of orders, and we wanted to bill for this in -- and be ready to ship at the start of Q4, which is what happened, as I indicated in my opening remarks. And we would expect then working capital to be much better in Q4 because, first of all, this inventory will be shipped, but also to your point, linearity including impact on the DSO would be enhanced. But I wouldn't read too much into what happened in the quarter from a working capital standpoint. We are targeting the company in aggregate over time to be top quartile in term of working capital performance and you see today some short-term impacts due to short-term business dynamics.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me take this one, Rich. So we look -- if you look at the dollars, dollars have increased actually year-on-year even if you normalize for the China duty that I mentioned in my opening remarks. So really we are managing the line of business and the portfolio on a dollar basis. The rate that you're alluding to could be influenced in a particular quarter based upon mix within the product line or mix of orders between large orders and smaller orders. So that influenced the printer or legacy Zebra margin in the quarter. And in addition, you had also some of the effects we talked about in other answers around services cost being slightly higher because of transition from outsource to in-source, also distribution center consolidation. I would note also that the supply revenue and margin also was positive trend. So I wouldn't read too much into the margin in this particular quarter for legacy Zebra. We think we -- all the products should deliver enhanced margin dollars and margin rate over time.
Olivier Leonetti: No, it's a broad-based strength in the portfolio of products. So not one line of business being impacted more than another.
Joachim Heel: Perhaps -- this is Joe Heel. I'll add a comment. In terms of the business models that you could envision, on the one hand, we expect a large number of partners to use this platform. We've just, as we said in the remarks, introduced the first five partners and we expect to more broadly make this platform available to all of our partners in the spring. And that will -- those data services that will be available to those partners can drive a revenue stream for us in the future. The other one is that it's a platform on which applications can reside, right, and entering into the space of those applications could also be a business model.
Joachim Heel: One other addition perhaps is to reference two things you've heard earlier us talk about. I think we understand that there are large ecosystems of IoT sensors out there that can complement ours and it's been a long tradition of Zebra, excuse me, to partner with other firms, as we have done, for example, we mentioned this earlier, with Rockwell, right, that has access to a lot of the IoT sensors used in fixed manufacturing infrastructures, or if you take healthcare, for example, we mentioned GE that has access to those types of infrastructures there. And partnering with those firms, I think, complements very well the types of mobile capabilities that we can bring in. So I think it will be a mix.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. Keith, if I could add, there are some, I think, perhaps also mundane drivers that we have paid a lot of attention to. On the one hand, I think economic growth in particular manufacturing resurgence in some regions has benefited us and we've seen some positive there, but also in terms of execution, we have paid a lot of attention over the course of the last year to things like pricing of printers. Especially we fine-tuned our pricing after we introduced the PartnerConnect program and we think we have a very good handle now on where we need to be to compete. We have spent a lot of money on training. For example, all of our people have been -- all of our sales people, I wanted to say, have been trained now on printing, and in particular, all of our sales engineers have gone through a certification program to ensure that printer knowledge is really broadly resident and deep in our sales teams. And we have made changes in our go-to-market in terms of our covered structures and the number of people that we're investing with specific printing capabilities. Those have all been areas of focus to drive growth in printing for us.
Joachim Heel: So this is Joe Heel. Our percentage of direct revenue has been about 17% last year and we believe that it has not gone up. It is not our strategy for it to go up. Our strategy is to continuously increase the amount of business that we do through our partners. I think we can confirm the other hypothesis that at least in North American distribution, we believe that our share has increased. That's what the data -- the market data would indicate.
Joachim Heel: Some air freight -- or freight were a little higher to get the inventory and that would be one thing that was maybe a little higher than normal.
