Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2010, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Doug Fox: Okay. Thank you very much and thank you for joining us today and for your support in Zebra. Just as a reminder, our next conference call will be on Thursday, August 4th, currently scheduled before 10 AM Central Time. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra’s first quarter performance demonstrates the strength and benefits that result from our industry leadership, strong execution and focused strategy. It further illustrates how we can leverage our competitive advantages to deliver value for our customers and shareholders. These advantages continue to position us to benefit from attractive global trends for tagging high-value assets and increased visibility into the supply chain. Now, with a sharper focus on core printing and RFID products as well as real-time Location Solutions, Zebra will build on its multiple competitive advantages to drive further growth and value in channels, products and markets by focusing on three key areas. First, driving growth in the core business; second, promoting an ongoing commitment to innovation and superior product development; and third, expanding our international business. As in the first quarter, we will continue to use our brand strength and global presence to cultivate relationships with a broader range of channel partners. Stronger alliances with system integrators and independent software vendors will enhance our strategic focus on enterprise customers where we can offer the entire portfolio of Zebra products and solutions. At the same time, we will maintain an ongoing commitment to superior product development. Zebra’s unrelenting attention to innovation is rooted in the products and solutions that can be applied across many industries to maximize Zebra’s long-term growth opportunities. Today, Zebra invests more dollars in the development of thermal printers than any other company. With a significantly improved new product development cadence, we are becoming more efficient in the deployment of these resources. Kiosk, mobile and card printers offer above-average growth prospects in particular within our broad printer portfolio. Products and solutions based on passive and active RFID technology offer exciting longer-term opportunities for profitable growth. Finally, Zebra will continue to build on its global leadership with further investments and sales resources in high-growth emerging territories. This proven low-risk high return activity gives Zebra a greater presence in key regions where developing market economies and local web creation support attractive business opportunities. In 2010, we added approximately 40 sales representatives in developing regions and the results are evident. This year, we will add to this number with further investments in China, India and Russia, as well as other countries in Southeast Asia. Ultimately, our ability to sustain the pace of investment for the long-term benefits of our shareholders rests with Zebra’s financial strength. With this important flexibility in how we run the business, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach to delivering solid risk-adjusted returns. In addition to funding internal growth, share buybacks continue to be an attractive use of excess cash. This concludes our prepared remarks, and I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: We are going to stay with our formal guidance around just the one quarter out. With that being said, we do expect that we will continue to drive greater revenue and we are working hard to make sure that we maintain a nice operating leverage in our earnings model. So, as we go forward, our plan is to make sure we continue to improve our financial results.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, our position on acquisition has been changed over the last several quarters. We continue to look at opportunities, but nothing as yet that we have seen has yet met our hurdles. And first and foremost, any acquisition we look at has to have a strong strategic fit. It has to either enable or accelerate our strategy. And the second one is that compare that to any other investment opportunity we have on a risk-adjusted basis. So, we continue to look and be interested in finding the right opportunities, but we want to be very disciplined to make sure we do good ones.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the market. Activity is picking up, the demand is still strongest in the retail space. It’s moving down into smaller, more specialty retailers now. The application continues to be focused on apparel tagging. So, looking for increased inventory – better inventory management than better visibility into the supply chain. But we are also seeing other verticals starting to show more activity, more life. Aerospace will be one, government hospitality, so it’s getting to be more broad-based also. And our customers are looking for the value propositions around lowest total cost of ownership. So, it’s not just a printer, but it includes supplies and other things. So, our value proposition around on pitch encoding and faster throughput works very well.
Anders Gustafsson: So, we have our next Board meeting in two weeks. And that might be a topic for discussion there.Chris Quilty – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson: We didn’t really see much of a change. I will let ScanSource talk for their business, but for us, we felt we had a strong run rate business across POS or retail in general, and retail, we did well in market share in that area. We won our fair share of deals. So, for us, it was a normal quarter with retail coming back more strongly, particularly in North America.
Anders Gustafsson: No, we really stopped doing that. It is year-and-a-half ago now, so I think last quarter, I slipped and I gave but we don’t actually have it here today. We usually don’t calculate it the same way anymore.
Anders Gustafsson: When we talk about China, we call it Greater China. That’s China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. So, China is obviously the vast majority of that business.
Anders Gustafsson: For us, as Mike said, the biggest issue is whether we have airfreight or sea freight. The second piece tends to be more of the capacity in the market, more so than I think oil prices. So, plenty of capacity that has a big impact on the freight charges than the oil price does. But oil will always be a indicator, too, but it tends to have a relatively modest impact.
Mike Smiley: Sure. I think first of all, remember the first quarter of last year, we were dealing with the fact that demand for our products greatly outstripped our expectations, and so to address that, we put a lot of product airfreight, which the relative cost to move product airfreight versus ocean is tremendously different. So, when you look year-over-year, you are talking about a quarter that had a great deal of airfreight. This quarter, you can see our inventory went up. As inventory goes up, part of that is becoming it’s sitting on the ocean and we have the ability in a more calm fashion, move product from Point A to Point B, which reduce our freight costs meaningfully. The other thing is that we have – I think that what we are seeing or what we saw in our raw material costs is continuing to benefit our outsourcing as we move to Southeast Asia. It takes a little bit of time to sort of see that full value of that cost reduction flow through the system. And so, the combination of parts cost reduction and freight, and then the last thing is, is that volume goes up, our fixed costs gets allocated over more units. So, the increase in our volume also benefited our gross margin. So, all of those things are played well into our results for the quarter.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mike Smiley: Yes, I think that we do have with the Location Solutions business, we have at this point, I think I don’t see a great change between Q1 and Q2 for surely overhead reduction as a result, but we will longer term as we start – there is an aspect of the business where we need to migrate some of the supporting systems on to the greater Zebra systems, the same system. As that happens, that will allow us to reduce our overhead overtime, but that’s not something in the next two quarters or so. Lastly, I will tell you that one thing that you will see is in this quarter, the numbers that we have, we did move, as we pointed out, we did move the high volume products from Location Solutions from sort of to Jabil. And that’s going to improve our margins slightly. Again, that’s reflected in the forecast that we gave you for Q2.
Mike Smiley: We give a quarter out. So, I think we are going to stick to that, but I mean, as you do your model, I think you will see that as volumes pick up, our overhead doesn’t have to grow as dramatically. So, we expect that as our business grows, our profitability will be enhanced.
Mike Smiley: Actually, when we looked at the sales year-over-year, we didn’t’ really – within certain regions, we had growth, like for example, we had great growth in high end in Asia-Pac which is a big high end market for us, but when you look across the globe, you look at products, actually year-over-year product mix wasn’t a major factor in our gross margin. I will tell you, when we look at our gross margin though, we were pleased with the mix, but we were also pleased with the mix a year ago.
Mike Smiley: No.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Okay. The reason I ask, is I was trying to look at the inventories and payables. I think those changed on a basis given the sale.
Mike Smiley: Yes, I think that the results for the quarter are pretty much indicative for what you see going forward. There is not going to be a huge change from there.
Mike Smiley: I don’t think we have anything of distinction. The only thing I would tell you is when we sell, when we carve out Navis, we carve out the business of Navis. There was a product line we talked about which was the maritime key, which is not a business by itself, it’s a product line. So, for the first quarter, we carry that business with us in the regular financial results, not down in discontinued operations. So, there is a little bit of that, that’s going to make it different. But we don’t have any big themes and services that would be driving our results of consequence.
Mike Smiley: The biggest driver was first of all, the cost reductions for us. And by the way, when I say cost reduction, that is like that would be not only material, but it’s also the fact that we had, our overhead was better applied went up. That will be the largest component followed by freight.
Mike Smiley: Our forecast takes into consideration current freight, our expectation for current freight costs which would be fuel. Certainly, I think that there is a possibility over the long run for us to freight cost that we paying don’t fully absorb the fuel costs, that might, you know, third and fourth quarters have some impact. But I wouldn’t call it a major trend in our profitability. I think that the biggest piece, the biggest factor for us is how much of the freight, how much of the product that we put on the ocean versus air. Now, I will tell you, as we get into the year, and as we address some of the Japanese disaster and whether we have to sort of move products a little bit, if possible, we may have a little bit more freight cost at the back end of the year, but that’s it.
Mike Smiley: There were some, for year-over-year, there is some things like medical was a little bit higher, little bit more 401(k) that kind of stuff. There wasn’t really any big themes per se in our G&A.
Mike Terzich: Hi Paul, this is Mike Terzich. Let me just add a little bit of color to what Mike is saying. We have a very broad range of products and over the course of time, what has taken place is proportionately more of our unit sales have went to the mid-range desktop and mobile products versus some of the traditional high-end products, which were the origin of Zebra, if you will. When you get into the Asian marketplace, we have seen, as Mike indicated, we have seen quite a bit of strength in our high-end product sales, the support manufacturing in the region. Within a family such as an Xi family, we have multiple models and the difference that we see is that in the Asian market, they tend to use products that are at the lower end of a family range. So, we have AUP stability model-to-model. So, we don’t see degradation in AUP, but what we have is proportionately more Asian customers buying the lower end of the high end of the range, which in essence puts a little bit of pressure on the macro AUP number that you are seeing.
Mike Terzich: You know what, when you look at the strength of that product line from a gross margin perspective, inherently the gross margin on a percentage basis is almost equivalent product-to-product in that range. So, it really doesn’t put any pressure on that margin.
Mike Terzich: This is Mike. Let me just add a little point to that. Yes, the ScanSource comment was reflective of POS in North America. To Anders’ point, our retail business was really strong across all four geographies, a nice bounce back up in North America. Our run rate business in Q1, a lot of it was driven from good old fashioned manufacturing which came back online to a great degree. And this is where our traditional product lines have been installed and that was also very helpful to the North America number.
