Anders Gustafsson: No. When we first announced the Navis divestment, we put some other operations in discontinued operations and that was really proveo. So, with the sale of proveo, we no longer have anything else sitting in discontinued operations and no plans for further divestments.
Anders Gustafsson: So that’s a pretty broad question here, but we’ll give it a go. First, I’d go back and talk, I think about our – what we see as our really strong competitive position, very strong strategic position that we built up over the last several years. We have strong results, strong growth that we’ve seen over the last couple of years also here, and we’ve been able to continue to extend our leadership, gain more market share in the industry. And we’ve done this in good times and in more challenging times so, our business model kind of works for us in that respect. And we particularly, we’re fortunate in our applications, our value propositions; they do work in good times and in bad times. In good times, companies are expanding by building more factories or opening more stores. In tougher times, it’s more focused on driving efficiencies and our equipment has a very short and very definite payback time. So, we see good opportunities to continue to do well in, irrespective of the economic environment, but obviously we prefer a more positive environment than not. And specifically to Europe, we think it’s a bit early to give you a real good sense of what 2012 is going to look like, but we, in Q3 as an indication at least, saw solid strength, solid growth in most – all of Europe was up 15% or 16%. We saw great growth in Germany, Scandinavia, France, Middle East, but we did see some weakness in countries like Italy, Greece – but that’s a very, very small part of our business, and the U.K. So, it’s obviously a little more uncertain as far as the outlook in Europe, but we continue to invest in our business to make sure that we position ourselves for the best possible long-term outcomes and we see continued number of good opportunities for us to invest in and to gain share and to make sure we do the right things to build the business for the long-term.
Anders Gustafsson: We still believe that we have good opportunities in Q4 and particularly looking at the momentum we’ve been able to build through the year and into Q3, where we had very, very strong performance and our competitive position is as strong I think as it ever been. So, we feel very good about that. We do read the same headlines as you do. Clearly, there is uncertainty out there. Our customers read the same headlines too. So I think perhaps it's prudent for us to have a slightly more cautious outlook to the fourth quarter. Some of the specific thinks though will be around Europe. Now also in North America, retail tends to be strongest in Q3. Our retailers tend to go into more execution mode in Q4 to prepare themselves for the Christmas season. And also Asia tends to have its strongest quarter in the third quarter, that's for the entire year. So, I think the traditional seasonality that we've seen over maybe for long time are getting a little bit more muted.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Some other things naïve towards high level be FX. FX has been a little lower and bit more volatile, but those are kind of in the margin. So, we feel good about where we are with the business and our competitiveness is very good. But we just want to make sure that we don't get up.
Anders Gustafsson: That's a tough question because it's more based on individual companies and then we're not that ferocious acquirer that has some several deals a quarter. So, it's more specific to the individual companies that would be of interest to us than it is on the overall environment. But I'd say, generally speaking, it tends to be that more deals get done at the top of the market and at the bottom of the market. So I don't think that's going to be that that many new deals will get done in the next year for us or the industry. But we do continue to look at acquisitions as a way of strengthening our business and take advantage of our strong financial strength. The first filter is to make sure it’s a good strategic fit that it does augment and benefit our traditional core business and enhance our capabilities in that area. The second filter is around our financial metrics and make sure that it’s something that that adds value to the business as we go forward. As far as the size and so forth, it may be closer and acquisition target will be to our core business. The really more confident we will be to put a bit more money to work and something that's a bit more adjacent to us, we would be much more cautious to about how much money we would put to work there.
Anders Gustafsson: It's really very difficult for us to quantify how much is market share gain versus market growth, we cannot. We spend a lot of effort trying to grow the market. And I would say in Asia-Pac, our growth is probably mostly from growing the market, but market share gains are probably more prevalent in the more mature markets where you have more established companies. But I'm going to refrain from trying to speculate about, how much of this is actual market share gain versus market growth gain.
Anders Gustafsson: I don’t have any of those numbers with me here. So, I think I will – we can probably take that offline if you like, but the overall market size in a place like India say or Russia, which are fast growing high potential ones today though is much, much smaller than the actual business volume that you get in Europe.
Anders Gustafsson: We see both of them are being very attractive. I don't think people will say that one is substantially bigger than the other or so. And we see more of them becoming complementary, so that more solutions are weaving in a component of passive and active technology in the same solution. So, we think that active or both RFID technologies are going to be nice addition to our growth story.Jason Rodgers – Great Lakes Review: Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: Just in North America, our run rate business is probably about two-thirds of the revenues and deals are about one-third, so that really is the reason for why you see somewhat more volatility on a quarterly basis in our revenues.
Anders Gustafsson: First, I think Q4 last year was a very good quarter. I don’t think we saw any – we are certainly up from Q3. North America, I can’t remember if that’s the question specifically for North America, but generally, I would say, that the traditional quarterly seasonality that we have seen over many years is getting somewhat diluted as we get a more global business. So, Q3 tends to be the strongest quarter in Asia-Pacific. Europe tended to have a very weak Q3 historically, but where Western Europe take a lot of their vacations, but as we have expand our business into Eastern Europe and Middle East and Africa, the vacation pattern is not quite as pronounced there. So, they can smooth out the quarters a little bit more. And I think in this particular year, we also, I think, expect in that the historical kind of budget flush that you sometimes get in Q4 might be little lower than what we normally would see…
Anders Gustafsson: So, first our strategy with respect to acquisition hasn’t really changed. I think in the last several calls we have had a sentence in there to say that we are interested in doing acquisitions. So, we don’t surprise anybody if we do, but there is no real change to our approach. And what we are looking to do is first and foremost we would like to acquire something that is close to our core business, something that has the similar kind of horizontal business model as we do today versus more of say vertical model, but we are also interested in finding things that are near adjacencies that help us build capabilities into some new markets. So, those are kind of the areas. We are not totally looking to be overly advantageous or adventurous I guess is the word here, but staying pretty close to home.
Mike Terzich: So, I think the part what you might be referring to is probably a passive RFID into a retail customer last year. I think there was a passive RFID opportunity.
Mike Terzich: Okay. Yes. So, first on passive RFID, we continue to see good growth opportunities in passive RFID. It is still somewhat smaller part of our overall business, so it’s bit more lumpy. But we see good opportunities to continue to expand passive RFID applications into a number of industries. So, far retail has been the largest customer allows for this and from a passive RFID prospect is holding and so forth. And on the active RFID side, we continue to expand the industries we serve and the customers we have. We had nice growth this year. This quarter we talked about some new applications in emerging markets in Asia around; one, is attract police officers in the subway to ensure that they always can see where they are, and we have another one around tracking IT assets. We also do an animal tracking, livestock tracking in Europe. So, you can see its aerospace in the U.S. So, it’s getting to be a pretty comprehensive list of applications in industries that we serve.
Mike Terzich: So, your first question was related to revenue per proveo, which is very, very small, but it would have been reflected in discontinued operations, so you’re not going to see that in the continuing operations P&L. 
Mike Terzich: Right. And Tony, this is Mike Terzich, let me just add a point to Anders point here, which is when you look outside the U.S. and Western Europe and you look in the emerging market in general, the penetration of the technology is at very low levels of adoption and you got two factors that are kind of coming into play. One is the advancing of multinational manufacturing in the region and the creation of middle-class consumption, right, which is then feeding the retail side in those emerging regions. So, the business takes on a little bit different shape. It starts with a foundation of manufacturing distribution which is core to the company and then we get the added benefit of the retail expansion as people there are looking for efficient ways to serve their customer base. So, from a penetration standpoint, it’s very lightly penetrated in some of those markets and there are very large populations of people and so the upside opportunity for us is pretty significant.
Mike Terzich: Sure, Andrew, this is Mike Terzich. The fourth quarter what we expect to see and Anders had made this comment earlier is that the retail business will be a little bit softer relative to deployment as they hunker down to serve the holiday season. So, we’ll see less contribution from the retail space which tends to be more correlated to some of our mobile solutions. In the rest of the world, you are going to see pretty consistent performance relative to the mix that we have basically enjoyed over the last two or three quarters, which is distribution business in North America, manufacturing business in North America, the business in Asia, which is predominantly some of our tabletop, desktop product lines. We are going to continue to see contributions. So, when you net it all together, it doesn’t materially look much different than what we have experienced albeit a little later in the retail with mobility.
Mike Terzich: So, first on the components shortages we have highlighted the impact of the Japanese earthquake earlier and now all products are back to full manufacturing. So, we had the last big components that was on short supply on long lead times become readily available basically at the end of the third quarter. So, we are now just basically catching up on some of the inventory position. We are shipping more of that to our distribution partners, but at this time we see no longer lead times, no particularly tightness in the supply chain from that perspective.
Mike Terzich: John, this is Mike Terzich. Well, it deferred by geographic region. I would say that in North America the quarter actually was pretty steady throughout, but we did pick up some momentum in the second half as we entered into the fourth quarter. Europe was a little bit different. It was typically the third quarter is the holiday season in Europe, and the front half of the quarter usually starts a little softer because of that. And the second half usually we see a surge and we didn't see the bounce-back to the degree that we've seen historically in the second half of the quarter which gave us a lift bit of which is somewhat reflected in the Q4 outlook as Anders had mentioned. And then, in the other regions, it was a nice steady state stream of business throughout, so we really didn't notice any shift in the demand patterns in Latin America or Asia-Pacific.
Mike Terzich: We did, what actually what was good to see in North America is the diversity of our business in North America is stronger than in any other region and what was particularly pleasing for us was that retail deals in the quarter were really from some of the non-big-box retail accounts, and so it really helped in combination with some opportunities we saw in the mobility route space as well in the distribution and transportation space. So, it was a solid large deal quarter for us in Q3 in North America. And as we have mentioned, North America perhaps more than any other region for us is most susceptible to large deal activity and that’s where you see a little bit more volatility quarter-to-quarter from that region, but it was very good for us in Q3.
Mike Terzich: I would say, Chris in the third quarter we had a strong North America performance. Asia was pretty much – Asia and Latin America were pretty much where we expected them to be and we did see a little bit of that softness in the second half of the quarter in EMEA that we mentioned earlier.
Mike Terzich: I think that we probably don’t want to comment on that, because it is very difficult for us to know. Also, it depends on how you define government because it includes state and local government. That goes through different channels that aren’t necessarily government related, but we did have some attractive orders from various government-type entities. Even in Europe some nice postal wins in Europe this past quarter and postal business in the U.S. as well.
Mike Smiley: I think certainly in the press release we mentioned, we have authorization for another 3 million shares for buyback. And as we said in the past, we view ourselves to be more aggressive in buying back shares when we think that the price is more attractive. And so obviously 1.8 million shares, I think that's meant, hopefully investors look at that and sort of see that as opportunistic with a good value in the market for us, that’s why we bought as much. I don’t know it will always be as aggressive depending upon where the valuations are.
Mike Smiley: In regards to additional cost, I think I mentioned that in Q3 we had just short of $4 million of additional cost going to our P&L, of that roughly $2 million of it is for freight and we are effectively estimating Q4 to have that same elevated number. So, as we go into Q1 next year, we won’t have those elevated costs in our P&L.
Mike Smiley: I couldn’t tell you right now. We’re you can imagine, we're like everyone else trying to put together our budget based on sort of current economic conditions, we're still in the middle of that.Jason Rodgers – Great Lakes Review: Looking at your receivables and inventory, both year-over-year greater than sales increase. I wonder if you could just provide some thoughts there.
Mike Smiley: Yeah, a couple of things. One on the accounts receivable is our international sales growth which now I’d say as we successfully grow that business, the terms are longer than they are in the U.S. so that causes a little bit of problem. We had a couple of customers that paid early in the fourth quarter.
Mike Smiley: Well, it paid early in the second quarter and they paid late into the fourth quarter, so they're exacerbated, so I wouldn't call that a problem per se. Inventories are primarily because as you're trying to work to the Japan catastrophe, you're trying to guess which products are going to sell and sometimes you guess long one way or the other, it's not a major trend, products are very saleable. We have a very good reserve on our balance sheet for that. So, I wouldn’t look at the numbers and suggest it’s a trend of something. It’s really just...
Mike Smiley: It didn’t change dramatically from the prior quarter, but why don’t we continue on with the next question before we hang up. I’ll share that wonderful number with you I got it in here.
Mike Smiley: Just to make sure Chris doesn’t feel like we don’t love him, the customer A, which would be our largest customer was 22% of our revenue in this quarter, whereas a year ago, it was 19.7%. So, it’s up a little bit.
