Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra's strong beginning to 2010 was due in large measure to the diversity of our business across several dimensions, product, geographies, customers and technologies. Our leadership in product innovation, channel partnership and international coverage enabled us to respond to the increased global demand for Zebra product as companies accelerated investments in solutions to help them identify track and manage assets more effectively. As we look to the second quarter, business trends remain favorable. Within this environment, our guidance takes into account a stronger dollar against the euro and somewhat less favorable product mix. In addition, distributors, which have been building inventories of Zebra products over the past two quarters, are now at levels appropriate for current sales volumes. On the cost side, we're expecting higher freight charges to continue as we work through the global supply chain constraints on electronic components. Second quarter operating expenses also include annual company-wide merit increases, as well as expenditures supporting ongoing geographic expansion and other initiative. Our ability and willingness to maintain investments in our business will have a long-lasting cost effect on building shareholder value. While we are cautiously optimistic that business conditions will continue to improve, we are confident that making these key investments in our future in three major areas are the right thing to do. First, geographic expansion to extend our reach in under-penetrated high growth region, second, new product innovation to ensure we stay ahead of the competition in meeting customer needs and third, building stronger partner relationships to reach a broader customer base. We are already seeing early benefits from our stepped up pace of geographic expansion activities. We are now more than half way to our goal of adding 40 sales and marketing professionals to our emerging regions. Customers are responding positively to our investments in additional regional resources by awarding us with more new business. This early validation, increases our confidence that geographic expansion continues to be low-risk, high-return activity for Zebra. The development of new product with distinctly superior features, functionality and performance, complements our geographic expansion activities. In April we announced the introduction of our latest kiosk printer, the KR403 to capitalize on growing opportunities in self-service solutions such as coupon and receipt printing, deals with our proprietary Zebra programming language among other innovative features, the KR403 is attractive to Zebra channel partners because of easy integration into the Zebra installed base. To achieve the greatest success for this important activity we are working to optimize the product development process. As part of this initiative, last week we opened our new China research and development center, located in Guangzhou. Our employees at this center are focused on engineering accessories, product extensions and follow-on product. This will enable our teams in the U.S. to prioritizing design of new innovative products and product platforms that deliver superior value, functionality and performance. Equally promising are our ongoing activities supporting further channel expansion. New products such as our recently introduced retransfer card printer have also attracted new channel partners. We also expect our ongoing efforts to develop a stronger channel for ZES solutions as well as stronger ties with independent stock or vendors and system integrators to begin to pay-off later this year. Finally, we will continue to focus on generating the highest risk adjusted returns on our investments. This principle will guide us as we evaluate the potential for further capital deployments as we progress through 2010, whether in additional share buybacks or through strategic acquisitions, continued investment in geographic expansion and product development. This concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for your attention and we would now be happy to take your questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Maybe expand on that a little bit, I think our supply chain responded better than we had anticipated to the constraints that we saw in the components supply. We were able to expedite products from China to our customers in the U.S. and the rest of the world, and I think largely mitigated the impact of the tighter supply chain. And I think, we believe that we extended our lead in the industry by doing this, there are probably some deals that we lost but we, net-net, we believe we won more deals than we lost because of our ability to expedite and supply products in a timely basis and we believe that the distributors now have appropriate level of inventory for the business volume you’ll see.
Anders Gustafsson: The project delays were largely in the maritime side, where we have, implementing a new system takes anywhere between 12 to 18 months and it includes a lot of on-site development and customization, sometimes that takes a bit longer than expected. We believe that we have a very healthy pipeline of new applications and products that we can develop that will support primarily our new strategy of really leveraging our channel partners to penetrate new markets to give us a greater reach than we would otherwise have. And I think we see a general strengthening of the activities in RFID, where I think, if you go back six months, 12 months, we probably would see, say that, most of the trials and pilots were more to test the technology, and today we probably see more trials and pilots which are testing the ROI of the application. So I think that's a step forward for us. So we continue to be optimistic about the opportunities we have in front of us for ZES. The ROI, the customer ROI for our solutions is very healthy and but early in the product life cycle, so it is takes longer to develop that the market.
Anders Gustafsson: That will also help with our freight, if you go through gross margin, right now is that we're sort of dealing with a low inventory offset by freight volumes.
Anders Gustafsson: But I think we can comment on what we've seen so far, I think we and retail has come back as a strong vertical for us both in the U.S. and Europe. And we've seen more larger deals out of retail. So our outlook for the year is quite good for retail.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, I guess first we – our objective is to continue to gain share. That's why we are – why we are in business. But we do believe that we have a good inventory position with our channel partners today. The overall, you know, the longer supply chain is going to continue to be constrained, I think for at least the next three months. So we expect to see some higher freight charges or expedite charges but we believe that we are well-placed to be able to capitalize on the overall constraint in the supply chain as we have – we believe the very competitive and dynamic supply chain and we are willing and able to expedite orders for customers.Jay Meier – Feltl & Company: I understand. Okay. That's fine. And as far as the markets are getting beat up a little bit today because of some skittishness around Europe and the potential for that economic region to degrade. Are you starting to sense any skittishness out there? I mean, how are you viewing Europe and maybe Asia? There's been some comments about China as well.
Anders Gustafsson: On the Zebra enterprise price solutions side, we also have a government business and that was steady. It was strong in the first quarter or so from everything but that's not an AIT 4 project.Jay Meier – Feltl & Company: I understand. Okay. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: Over the last you know, 18 months or so, we've expanded our customer base in location solutions, automotive was – automotive and maritime were the two largest virtual markets for that – those solutions earlier and automotive is still a – the main contributor. It was up in the first quarter, but certainly not up to the levels we had seen earlier. But we've also been able to penetrate some new markets, the DoD and the government is one of those and we – as we are leveraging more channel partners, we have a chance to really get a need to more other types of verticals that we didn't have access to with our own sales force, particularly around industrial manufacturing generally. So expanding the automotive into other discrete manufacturing processes. But also looking at some other ones that we're not quite ready to announce any (inaudible) yet but that looks like they have some good applications for location technologies.
Anders Gustafsson: It's more based on, you know, making sure we have the right products for the right opportunities. So peak – yes we see larger enterprise deals come in, they may not be fully forecasted or fully inventoried at our distribution partners. So or if we get more orders for some low volume models that we don't sell as much of normally, it's more to make sure we have the flexibility to meet the ordered pattern that comes in.
Anders Gustafsson: No, I think as most surrenders are somewhat supply constrained, I don't think that the price competition certainly has not been any higher, any more severe than it normally is. So we think our – as Mike Smiley mentioned in his opening comments. Our AEPs were up in the quarter and that would indicate that we didn't have to compete really on price. There was some supply constraints.
Mike Smiley: I think they will be – might be – you can probably think of them as steady but a slight pullback possibly. There is a number of project related expenses in the second quarter relates a new products also. But I don't think it will be a major difference.
Mike Smiley: Well, I mean, yeah. You're absolutely right. Let's make sure it's clear that, it was delayed because of customer implementation, it's not a revenue recognition problem per se.Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay.
Mike Smiley: And that is delay now whether that's Q2 or Q2 our forecast reflected what we think is appropriate given when we think this thinks will come to pass.Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Mike Smiley: Obviously, we go out a quarter. I would say and we're not getting back at estimates, I would just refer you back to Anders' comments about how he felt about the business is perhaps the best tone to sort of consider going forward.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. We have about the amortization is running about $1.7 million dollars a quarter. It's sort of where we're at right now.
Mike Smiley: It's not huge. I can give you the details later on that, but it's not a – it's not a big number. It's running roughly $2 million in the year, something like that.
Mike Smiley: That definitely reflects what we think is sort of the – our tax position and situation is for the year, so.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. They've come down quite substantially over the last year plus. I think we would like to see they will come up a little bit in the Q2 and Q3, partly to enable us to be better prepared for any other supply chain constraints that we might encounter. So that we can always be in a position to satisfy the demand we see from our customers.
Mike Smiley: Hey, Chris. This is Mike. One thing that's fueling some of the retail optimism is while the sales, retail sales are improving slightly. They've done a much better job of managing their own inventory. So they had – they did not have to go through such dramatic price reduction with their inventory, so their profitability on relatively flat to slightly positive a revenue result is what's fueling a lot of the project pipeline.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. That should be fine.Ajit Pai – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then you also mentioned in the opening remarks that you know towards the end of your commentary that the M&A environment, you are looking at that as a potential deployment of cash. Could you give us some color as to what kind of opportunities they're looking at for which businesses, just broadly and whether you're seeing that pipeline increase or potential acquisitions or you're watching the valuations have gone up, recently, that’s regarding more difficult to fine potential acquisition.
Mike Smiley: I'm not sure if I can comment on that, Ajit. We continue to look at things, before until we find the right thing, we are not going to do anything.
Mike Smiley: You know on a relative basis, we have a nice business with the DoD, but it's – but it has not been significant.
Mike Smiley: Price wasn't a big player. Andrew, what you have seen with the distributors is then competition among the distributors for a valuable product, right So if one has it, the other does not, they're seeing some movements between their customers relative to where they source that product from.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. I think if you are looking at the – the earnings release, you can see that basically. We have for the quarter – about $97 million was in North America, $84 million was in EMEA, $25 million was in APAC and $21 million was in Latin America, out of the 226. Those are dollars or you can calculate the percentages.Dick Davis – Richard W Davis & Company: Yeah. I can.
Mike Smiley: Or I can give you the percentages, 43% for North America, 37% for EMEA, 11% for APAC and 9% for Latin America.Dick Davis – Richard W Davis & Company: Okay. Can give us a little color on EMEA, because of the currency problems there with the Euro, I mean that's a very good report you guys did. No doubt at all. Does some of that strength come from Eastern Europe or is it some from the U.K. and kind of the Europe.
Mike Smiley: The growth included the Euro zone. It was not from outside the Euro zone particularly.Dick Davis – Richard W Davis & Company: Very good.
Mike Smiley: Depreciation is $2 million for the full year.Anthony Kure – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. I think that's around 17% for the quarter. It will be in the cue but around 17%.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: All right. Great. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Itemized apparel tracking seems to be a very big application today.Reik Read – Robert W Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
