Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Doug Fox: Once again everybody thank you for joining us today. Just want to let you know that our next regularly scheduled conference call for our first quarter earnings will take place on May 6. Until then have a very good day. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra’s record fourth quarter results underscore the global strength of the Zebra brand and the value of the diversity of our business. The underlying drive of companies to gain greater visibility into their extended value chains continues to create abundant opportunities for us. Looking ahead Zebra is well positioned for further success by leveraging our considerable competitive advantages and focusing on those activities that extend our leadership over the long-term. Our core business continues to hold multiple avenues for growth and high returns from further vertical and geographic expansion. Greater business diversification offers considerable opportunities particularly with customers in retail, healthcare and government. To achieve this goal we are building on our industry leading channel partner network by adding new partners to reach customers in more geographic regions and emerging technology areas. We are also optimistic about further growth by increasing our annuity attach rate in services, software and supplies to complement our leading industry position in thermal printers. In retail, Hart has given us greater critical mass for delivering a broader suite of solutions that address vital customer needs in a rapidly changing business environment. Our high value portfolio now includes software and hardware solutions for inventory management and pricing, mobile point of sale and a broad set of applications for personalized customer engagement to deliver unique customer insights and efficient retail operations. It enables us to sell more deeply across a wider range of customers. Product innovation continues at the brisk pace at Zebra. In 2013, we introduced 17 printer related products. In the fourth quarter we introduced the ZD500R RFID desktop printer. Its high performance and cloud connectivity in a compact package are attracting attention from new customers in retail and healthcare. For 2014, we are scheduled to release other RFID printers in addition to exciting new products in other categories. In the fourth quarter, we launched Zatar, an open cloud based services platform to connect and control devices including Zebra printers. Since its launch in October, we announced a partnership with the RFID middleware provider. We also demonstrated Zatar at the NOF Show and how it enables retailers to build IB and applications to identify customers and deliver customized in-store marketing programs. Finally, we are optimistic about the growing opportunities for our location solutions business. Active RFID is capturing greater attention as customers see the benefits of managing things in motion. During the fourth quarter the pipeline of orders grew for yard management and other industrial solutions.  We also entered into a pilot with a large airplane manufacturer to improve worker health and safety as well as engaged with a regional Hospital for improving care in cardiac centers. We are optimistic about the future for our Zebra MotionWorks and other LS solutions. All of these initiatives are helping to build an even stronger Zebra that is well-positioned to take advantage of the internet of things Big Data and other important technology trends. They differentiate us further from our competition and will generate greater software and service content through our offerings over time. As we pursue our growth goals we will continue to strive for greater operational excellence to improve efficiency, optimize costs, and deliver better customer service. At the same time we will invest our resources in those activities that will deliver the highest returns with a long-term benefit of our shareholders. Thank you for your attention today. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A
Anders Gustafsson: It is a little bit of both I guess. We have supply tend to be a more of an ongoing attach. We try to pursue customers that have more of ongoing need versus individual project-based business. So, there is a high level of stability to our supplies business and I think our supplies strategies have worked really well over the last couple of years. We’ve increased our supplies revenues very consistently for two to three years now, and I think with our channel partners our end users customer they know we want their supplies business also that we’re not just looking for the printers but we really want their supplies business. And we’ve stepped by again when it comes to providing good quality product and short lead-time for deliveries and be competitive in how we how quote.
Anders Gustafsson: We had more in middle of 2013 a period where we had weaker mix but then we would consider the Q4 to be more of a normal mix for us.
Anders Gustafsson: So we’ve balanced that very carefully. We spent a lot of time trying to figure out what are the top priorities for us and how do we make sure we’ve resourced those priorities appropriately but we’ve also spent a lot of time figuring out, how do we now drive efficiencies or stop doing other things to free up investment capacity to make the necessary investments in the biggest growth areas. So we’re trying to make sure we can really get the most impact for our investment dollar possible.
Anders Gustafsson: We don’t give that out but I would say if you look at our CAGR (Ph) we’ve historically been about 20ish or so like that and I think that’s sort of consistent going forward. Our business doesn’t drive a lot of need for CapEx since primarily driven out of sort of IT and some of our manufacturing, but it’s pretty well.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, RFID is still a small part of our business, it is less than 5%, but we’ve seen I think 2013 was a good year for RFID overall. Passive RFID on the printing side saw a lot of interest from retailers primarily in North America and in Europe as well as in the extended retail supply chains, so all the way back to government manufacturers in Asia. And we participated nicely in many of the larger deals in 2013 and we expect that passive RFID will continue to be a nice growth area for us, although from a smaller base. Then on the active RFID side, we had a strong position in industrial manufacturing applications for some time, we’re seeing, shifting little bit of our focus to, instead of tracking just location, we’re now tracking motion, so we can actually keep track of things that are moving in a different way and that expands our opportunity to more sports verticals but also we’ve seen great wins from this with, we talked about in the script a large airplane manufacturer for a health and safety application and also in healthcare to track people moving in hospitals.
Anders Gustafsson: A good question, I think we look over year over year, we look at our channel inventory is actually down about 5% from the beginning of the year, do you recall in the first quarter we mentioned that some of our sales decline was because of sales that needed to hit larger levels of inventory beginning of the year, and we see them at, I’d say we’re at good levels and as I think we talked about before we’ve done a lot of work with the distributors and such to make sure that those inventory levels are really appropriate for level of business that they’re seeing today. 
Anders Gustafsson: We expect Latin America to improve in 2014, for us Mexico is the largest country and there’s been a peaking of steadiness for us, Brazil has been a bit more choppy, we had some great quarters and some not so great quarters with Brazil and then we have other countries like Venezuela and Argentina have historically been good countries for Zebra, but there’s more variability I think to the outlook and the results for Latin America, based on political and macroeconomic situations, but our position competitively in Latin America I think is very strong and we have a very good team and we don’t believe we lost share in any way, on the contrary, we believe we actually gained share even though the market was or our revenues were down some. 
Anders Gustafsson: So the expansion we’re thinking about now for entering new geographic areas is much more modest say than the programs we had in 2010 when we put real effort and real investments into some of the larger markets, so now it’s more infused in other markets, Southeast Asia will be one of those markets we believe still has lots of opportunities for us, Africa is turning out to be a stronger one, but that’s small investments to help drive that, we still continue to grow in China so that’s a big market for us and we see India coming back in a pretty good way. Overall though I would say the investments are much more modest than what we did a couple of years back. 
Mike Terzich: Ryan, just a couple of added points here; I do think that in North America particularly on previous calls we talked about some of the challenges with some of the retail, the broader retail markets sweating the assets and kind of holding onto a more aged equipment if you will, so we started to see some relief from that in the context of the fourth quarter. A lot of that business was actually at the Tier 2 and Tier 3 retail, account based so it was reflected in the strong run rate business that we saw through the distribution channel as Anders noted. And yes historically it’s kind of hard to predict where it all lands but our visibility is always a quarter or two maxed out, and as things look as today we are seeing that search continuing into the first quarter. 
Mike Terzich: Keith, this is Mike Terzich. Let me just add a point or two to Anders’ comments. We’ve talked previously on the call about where we tend to focus our supplies business which is in the higher value specialty solutions space. We tend to stay away the commodity paper business. The commodity paper business is more in line to you comment which is, it’s kind of fly-by-night business, it’s a hit-or-miss business. We tend to be streakier no pun intended in the space we play because we’re more engineered into the longer solution that our customers are looking for.
Mike Terzich: It is and I think for us I think it’s been - it’s certainly we try to - we look at it like an annuity business where certainly very interested in expanding in that business and we have international opportunities to get closer to that customer base. But generally we hold onto the business for longer periods of time, we get into less pricing events off cycle events and we like where we’re positioned today.
Mike Terzich: It’s been a very interesting story. I think Anders’ comments earlier about the power of the Zebra brand on supplies is a very relative on in Asia because of the heavier manufacturing base that we have that’s again a profile of a higher quality supply play for us. And what we’ve been doing as we’ve added some people to carve out some strategies there and we’ve been effective at actually producing supplies in both believe it or from the United States moving them in container load and selling them effectively to end users in Asia.
Mike Terzich: Good question. When you look at this year-over-year mix and it has not been a big player year-over-year, it’s really driven by volume and I would say management of our cost structure in that area. So I think we year-over-year it’s not really so much of a mix issue benefiting our gross margins.
Mike Terzich: We did, but effectively the value of that restructuring is pretty much our margins right now so I wouldn’t have going forward we’re not really projecting any big change year over year because of the restructuring in our margins, in other words we’ve already realized the benefit of that.
Keith Housum: Okay so if I think about this little bit further, we should expect to see like a getting out sale because this business is at least as you’ve said a higher catch rate.
Keith Housum: Okay, can you elaborate on your comments and you have agent supplies manager. I’ve previously thought you guys are in too much in supplies business in Asia.
Keith Housum: Thanks guys for the follow up questions here. Early in the year you guys announced the restructuring your result (Ph) of supply chain over in China, is all those benefits come through in the gross margins already or should we expect any more benefit it FY14.
Keith Housum: Okay, fair enough, that’s I was looking for, and then you guys have mentioned in your press release this morning, expansion to new geographical markets, perhaps if you could expand a little bit there, I guess what markets you’re looking at there and how much of your sales base in the fourth quarter came from I guess any of those efforts.
