Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered excellent second quarter results. We executed well, driving strong profitable growth and further extending industry leadership. As you can see on slide 4, we reported net sales growth of 13%, nearly 11% on a constant currency basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.7%, a 200 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.48, a 64% increase from the prior year; and $150 million of cash flow from operations. We achieved double-digit sales growth in EMEA and North America. We also saw solid growth across all of our major product and service categories, including data capture, mobile computing, our specialty printing portfolio, supplies and support services. The investments we have been making in our best-in-class products and solutions are paying off. Our broad suite of purpose-driven products, enhanced with the smartest software and security features, is resonating well with enterprise customers. Our operational discipline and lean cost structure enabled us to significantly expand profit margins and drive improved operating cash flow. Our strong results and robust order backlog gives us confidence to significantly increase our full year outlook for sales and free cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results and to provide the details of our revised 2018 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you. I'd say, first, our solutions are foundational to our customers executing on their strategies and digitizing their businesses across all our verticals. Across all the markets we serve, we help them increase workflow efficiency, provide real-time guidance to frontline employees and enhance customer or patient experiences. And we deliver all of this through our specialized partner ecosystem. So, specifically, for the transportation and logistics and manufacturing markets, I'd say, first, with T&L, there's some strong secular growth trends that are in play there. E-commerce and the on-demand economy are driving a lot of investments by T&L companies. Historically, they've delivered many – say, many boxes to a few corporate enterprise customers. Today, it tends to be much more – a few boxes to many consumers. So, it puts a lot of strain on their supply chain and that's translating into additional investments and business for us. So, our Android portfolio, our wearables, our printing, particularly mobile printing, are all seeing accelerated growth rates from the T&L space. And we see some of our newer solutions, like SmartPack and Location Solutions, demonstrate the thought leadership within the T&L industry. So, it helps also provide a bigger umbrella from how we can operate with those customers. And in manufacturing, it's a strong growth vertical, particularly for printing, and we have released a number of new printers over the last several quarters, new tabletop printers and desktop printers, some new mobile printers too for that matter. And they have been very well received in manufacturing. We also see manufacturing as being the highest Windows conversion opportunity, so Windows to Android. They've been so far, I think, the slowest to adopt Android, but we are having a lot of programs and solutions in place to help make that transition as easy for them and help accelerate that. Manufacturing is also the primary vertical for our Location Solutions business.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. Yeah. Well, we now been – spent last three years aggressively paying down debt and that's giving us a lot of financial flexibility. So, we're now, as we said in our prepared remarks, at the high-end of our targeted net-debt-to-EBITDA range of 2 times to 2.5 times. We are seeing number of good opportunities for us to invest in our business both organically and inorganically. And these opportunities would deliver attractive ROI for our shareholders. I think Xplore is a great example of this. It's the first acquisition we made since 2014. So, it's basically four years. All our investment opportunities, organic or inorganic, have to drive attractive ROI and attractive growth rates for us, both on the top and bottom lines. We always start by looking at the highest risk-adjusted returns for shareholders. So, we consider all options when it comes to our capital allocation priorities and investment opportunities that we will be particularly excited about would be things that would help advance us as a solutions provider that would bolster our sense, analyze, and act value propositions, also opportunities to strengthen or augment our position in near adjacencies, which will be – Xplore will be a casing point. So, for us, M&A is a vector of growth, but we will always start with looking at the highest risk-adjusted return for our investors.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Just briefly, I'd say we have lots of very attractive investment opportunities across all our product portfolios. And we have a productivity program going on to help make sure that we free up as much investment capacity as we can to put that money to use in a most productive way. So, product development and sales and marketing are the three areas that tend to get the most of that, but also some of that we let flow through to shareholders to make sure we have a good balance. But we have lots of good opportunities for investment that will drive growth for 2019 and beyond.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. First, we're driving growth across all our business segments now or product segments now and I'd say our innovative and broad portfolio product solutions is a major differentiator and strong driver for us. Also our deep understanding of the vertical workflows within our customers' operations is helping us be much more of a partner to our customers. And we're excited about all our products here this quarter. We had strong performance across all major product categories. On the printing side, we saw – AIT had particularly strong performance in North America and in Europe. The new portfolio – the new products we have come out with have performed very well and we have a very strong and fresh and differentiated portfolio of solutions today. Things like Link-OS provides an unrivaled manageability of our printers that is very difficult for others to emulate. You can now scrape off data from labels and use that as intelligence – or to drive intelligence, you could say. Our desktop and mobile printers did very well in Q2. We also launched a new card printer in the second quarter, one of our entry-level models, which was performing very well and got very good feedback from customers. Supplies we think of as a very attractive business, but it is an underpenetrated market from Zebra's perspective and we believe we have good opportunities to continue to grow there also. And overall, I'd say our printing and supplies business were the biggest beneficiaries of One Zebra of the combination of the traditional printing business with the enterprise business. And let's see if Joe has anything to add.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. The first, the transition from the Windows to Android, that continues to be a key driver of growth for us. We are approaching 50% market share overall for our mobile computing platform or portfolio and our market share for Android is substantially higher than that. So, that's a driver for our market share increases. We see continued good potential for continued growth in Android. There's still, we estimate, at least 10 million legacy Windows devices out there that remains to be updated or refreshed to Android. And we now see continued expansion of the vertical markets or the use cases where Android is being used. So, started off in retail, transportation logistics is clearly helping now. Healthcare is doing well. And we see Android having a somewhat shorter lifecycle than Microsoft devices. So, that will also be a help. Specifically, for 3G, so for those who aren't as familiar maybe with 3G, that's – as the service providers in North America will start rolling out 5G, they will have to do some frequency reharvesting and the 3G service will be turned down over the next, I can't remember, I think it's 2021 is the end date for when 3G service will disappear. And we have and the industry has a number of 3G-only devices, Wide Area Net devices in service today and those obviously will not work on the 4G network. So, we think there's probably about maybe 3 million devices or so in the market from us and others that would need to be refreshed as part of that upgrade also.
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe two things I would add is the segment that you referred to also includes professional services and software. And we see those as critical to the EAI solutions that we're bringing to market and they are enabling those very nicely.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think, firstly, we are forecasting now 8% to 10% organic growth. We think that's a prudent forecast based on the visibility that we have today. And I'd say the growth we are seeing now is very broad-based. Right? You see in Q2, three out of four regions had solid growth, all our product categories had good growth. So, we expect to see continued growth from our channel and we had good visibility now also into a large deal pipeline that we'll convert, we believe, in the second half of 2018. I would say the drivers for this are similar to what we talked about before on the vertical side – within each vertical market. So, in retail, you have the shift to e-commerce and omni-channel. That's a big investment that I would say pretty much every brick-and-mortar retailer and e-commerce provider is embracing and they are adopting our type of technology to be able to execute on those strategies. We also are seeing some of the newer technologies around RFID or smart infrastructures like SmartLens to help drive growth there. And similarly in healthcare, the continued efforts to digitize healthcare, so going from having a manila folder with hand-scribbled notes to electronic medical records, where you can now type patient data directly in real-time, say, to – from reading something about a customer, client or that – into those records. And the value proposition in healthcare is very compelling for us around stronger care, better care, but also more – better efficiencies which is our normal value proposition. We talked earlier about transportation and logistics with some strong secular trends supporting growth around e-commerce and on-demand economy. And manufacturing similarly is a big opportunity for us as they've been the slowest so far to convert into Android. So, we see growth across all the verticals, all the products and, graphically, we continue to see all regions expecting to grow in the second half. Asia Pac, we talked quite a bit about in the prior year. We put a lot of emphasis on Asia Pac and Asia Pac is now delivering very strong growth and I would expect Asia to be the fastest-growing market for us for the foreseeable future.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Maybe a couple of comments on the demand side there. So, we certainly haven't seen or heard it from customers today that they are concerned about tariff from the demand side. The one mitigating factor for us will be also that we tend to be a smaller part of a large network or a large rollout. So, even if there were to be some impact, modest impact on our solutions, it would not necessarily put the ROI at risk for our customers in a bigger rollout.
Anders Gustafsson: But when we look at where we're making the investments and some of the investments start to show up in OpEx, but we are investing in building capabilities and other ways of reducing the cost of goods sold in our products to make sure that our gross margin can hold up or increase over time.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We are always challenging ourselves to think about how can we maximize profitable growth and the 4% to 5% growth target that we've talked about historically, we think is still – is not aspirational and that does not include any acquisitions. So, that will be only on organic growth. And, hopefully, by now, we've proven to everyone that we can execute and that we have over achieved this target since we concluded the acquisition of the Enterprise business back in 2014. And at this stage, I think we have a very strong competitive position. It's a very diversified business and we have many levers that we can pull to achieve sustainable growth, both in top line and bottom line. We see our core as still having great growth opportunities or near adjacencies and also some of the newer solutions that we have around our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. And we are making solid organic investments to drive profitable growth for the business both for 2019 and beyond. So, we feel good about where we are.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. As we wrap up, I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for another quarter of strong growth and strong results. And we look forward to welcoming the Xplore team once we close the transaction. So, have a great day, everyone.
Joachim Heel: Not much to add. I think we have been pleasantly surprised by the ongoing momentum in terms of the conversion of Windows to Android, not only in retail, but as we mentioned earlier also in other segments like T&L. And we have seen an ongoing trend by our customers to make those transitions and the visibility we've gotten into those transitions has given us both very good results in Q2 and the confidence for some of our outlook that we've shared.
Joachim Heel: Well, perhaps only on your specific question around large deals, I would say there isn't a single large deal or a grouping of large deals that has influenced our results in Q2 that we share disproportionately. We did have a number of areas that had very nice growth. For example, the manufacturing in Asia, which is one of our big customers, as Anders mentioned, healthcare where we do have a strong presence with printers and supplies, all have contributed very nicely with growth, but not in any one concentrated deal or group of deals.
Joachim Heel: Let me give you two other data points underpinning our confidence for the second half. One is we look very carefully at a business that we transact in small sizes, what we call run rate business, and we have seen a good and steady growth of that run rate business in Q2 and we see that continuing. That's quite predictable into the second half. So, that underpins our confidence. And the second is we've talked about visibility to large deals. And we were, of course, particularly prudent about our second half, because, as you remember, last year in the second half, we did have a good number of such large deals and we wanted to make sure that we can repeat that. And we do have good visibility to large deals in the second half. So, those two data points, in particular, would underpin our confidence.
Olivier Leonetti: So, let me answer to the OpEx trend in general rather than only R&D, Keith. So, first of all, you're right, we have increased the OpEx year-on-year by about $20 million. We're investing in organic investments and also in high incentive compensation based upon the performance of the business. And when we deploy capital in OpEx specifically, we have three key principles in mind. First, we want to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue. And as you saw in Q2, we have increased OpEx as a proportion of revenue by 140 basis point year-on-year. We had the same kind of scaling last year. So, principle number one. Principle number two, we want to be prudent in the way we invest and we want to generate, obviously, profitable growth and we have been able to do that nicely over the last two years, Q2 being not an exception. And we also invest in a viable cost, we want to be able to nimble. And maybe, Anders, you have other points to add.
Olivier Leonetti: So, as Anders indicated, we are very excited by the end-markets we are serving and by the competitive position of the company. And our first order of priority is going to be to invest in our business organically or inorganically. And we think that is the best way today to deliver good return for our shareholders. Now, buyback and dividends are not off the table. We will evaluate all our options. But first order of priority is going to be organic and inorganic investment opportunities.
Olivier Leonetti: Of course. So, services and software represent about 10%, a bit more of the company revenue. And the growth has been in the mid-single digits. We are pleased with the performance of this particular segment. It has been an area of focus for us. The first order of priority was over the last few quarters to raise customer satisfaction and as a result, we in-sourced North America operations. We in-sourced that in the U.S. and we have seen, as a result, as indicated, sales benefiting from that transition. So, we are pleased with the result and we think that this is actually the start of a new trend for us.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. We have outsourced our supply chain. So, most of the investments we made would be in the OpEx category. But again, we expect, as we have demonstrated, to be able to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue, James, and the company as the team has done a good job on that particular dimension. So, mainly in OpEx.
Olivier Leonetti: We are looking at all opportunities and we are surprised ourselves to keep finding opportunities. We believe we have some additional levers indeed to reduce the debt and would probably deploy those initial odd (45:37) ideas in the coming two to three quarters. But we think we still have opportunities, James.
