Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well in a challenging macroeconomic environment, delivering first quarter sales and earnings results above the midpoint of our outlook. For the quarter, we realized sales of $1.4 billion approximately in line with the prior year; and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4%, a 150 basis point increase; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.94, a 2% decrease from the prior year. Regional sales performance was mixed with growth in Asia Pac and North America mostly offsetting declines in EMEA and Latin America. From a solutions perspective, printing, data capture and RFID were bright spots, while sales of mobile computers declined. We continue to see cautious spending behavior by enterprise customers with a decline in large orders and growth in small to midsized orders. From a profitability perspective, improved gross margin drove our EBITDA margin increase. Higher interest and tax expense resulted in a slight earnings decline. I would now like to spend a moment on our sales outlook. As the risk of broader softening of industry demand has materialized, we have reduced our full year outlook. Late in Q1 and into Q2, demand trends softened across our end markets, particularly for mobile computers in EMEA and North America as customers' CapEx budgets tightened and IT device spending contracts. We are mitigating the impact of softer sales with targeted go-to-market actions to drive additional demand and incremental cost actions. We will continue to take an agile approach to managing throughout this uncertain near-term environment. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q1 financial results and provide additional details on our revised 2023 outlook.
Bill Burns: Hey, Tommy, I would say that in the first quarter, our sales growth in -- we saw sales growth in run rate or non-large deals, which moderated towards the end of the quarter. And I would say that if we kind of characterize where we're at today that through the majority of Q1, we saw that our sales opportunities were developing as we had expected, and it allowed us to deliver on our first quarter guide. And I think that as we got later into the quarter towards the end of Q1 and into April, while our run rate continued to be strong in the first quarter, we saw that begin to moderate. But the real challenge has been around large customers and really tightening their CapEx budgets further as we got to the second -- the end of Q1 and into Q2. And we saw new projects not receiving the funding that our sales teams had expected in the near-term. So we saw a number of projects really in our sales funnel that were planned for Q2 and early Q3, really become deferred. And we especially saw this in retail and again, in specifically in North America and EMEA. So that ultimately, that slowing demand of larger deals and overall, a bit of moderating of our run rate, has really impacted our distributors that are looking to adjust their working capital levels that -- to really these -- the slowing demand of large deals and some of the moderating of run rate, we've also seen our lead times improve. So our distributors are having to hold less inventory as our lead times improve. And of course, they've got an increase in cost of capital and holding costs as they adjust their days on hand to the right level. So overall, these pressures really led us to say, hey, our Q2 guiding that down further and then ultimately look at the full year is despite run rate being strong in first quarter, we saw it moderate. And large deals are really in large customers, specifically around retail in EMEA and North America are really driving our guide for the full year.
Bill Burns: Yeah. I think maybe it's worth covering the vertical markets as we -- and what we saw in Q1. So predominantly retail, I would say that from a T&L perspective, we continue to see customers invest in visibility and productivity solutions. And Transportation & Logistics was up in Q1. In Q1, we also saw strong growth across manufacturing as they continue to invest in industrial automation and productivity within manufacturing. And healthcare also continued to be strong. So it really was around -- on retail. And those customers, ultimately not all retail customers, but a significant number of those across EMEA and North America had pushed out projects that were in our sales funnel for Q2 and Q3 out. And I think that ultimately, as Nathan said, allowed us to take or drove us to take a more conservative view of the funnel and pipeline for second half year. And maybe Joe wants to comment more on that.
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say, Jim, it's really both. And again, it's centered predominantly around retail. We believe ultimately have seen some moderation of demand in the other vertical markets, T&L and manufacturing, but it's predominantly retail and it's predominantly North America and EMEA. And I think it's Important, as Joe said, to say that these projects haven't been canceled, and our customers still have conviction about the value we ultimately deliver to them around improve productivity, increased visibility across supply chains, more effective and efficient operations within retail. All those are important because these projects, while they're moving out are still -- have strong return on investments for our customers. They're making tough decisions around CapEx in the short-term to adjust in a macroeconomic environment. But what they're telling us is that as their CapEx loosens up inside their organizations, they expect to move ahead with these projects. And the challenge in retail is because we've seen them continue to move out, we've had to take a conservative view of the outlook. And as Joe said, some of those projects have moved into 2024. But our customers are still committed to do those. So I think that we're seeing that, ultimately, our customers can only hold off from buying for so long, that we have mission-critical solutions. And they truly deliver value to our customers that make them more effective and more efficient in their business each and every day. And I think we feel that, ultimately, they are going to buy these projects and they're going to move forward. It's really an issue around timing and it's really North America and EMEA in retail is the primary challenge at the moment.
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that we're seeing broad-based demand for RFID across supply chains in general. So, all the way from retail through transportation logistics all the way back into manufacturing, so it is broad-based. We have the broadest and deepest RFID portfolio of solutions of fixed readers, handheld readers, mobile printers, software and solutions as well as our labels. So, we expect that we'll continue to benefit from the strength in RFID. I don't know, Joe, if you want to add anything to that, but I think that we feel good about the RFID portfolio beyond this large win in C&O.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say, Keith, that I'll start, and then I'll let Nate or Joe want to jump in. But we're clearly seeing a softer macroeconomic environment that is having our customers take a more conservative view of their CapEx budgets and -- in first half year, and we're seeing less certainty in those budgets for second half year. So, a bit of the unknown, mostly in retail and again, mostly in North America and EMEA where we're seeing this, it's most pronounced there. What it results to for us is directly elongated sales cycles and opportunities that we thought we're going to close in Q2 and be deployed in early Q3 as moving out. And Joe gave the examples of all the business isn't moving out. Some portion of it is doing that, and some is moving into Q3 and Q4 from Q2 and others is moving into 2024. So, we think that ultimately, we've taken a more conservative view of our pipeline and the opportunities we expect to close in second half year. There's lots of reasons why we believe that guide is the right one as Nathan covered. But we also believe that our T&L manufacturing customers, where we saw strong growth in first quarter, even at the end of Q1, we're seeing them moderate a bit due to the macro environment. And we're taking a cautious view overall of what our pipeline and the projects within it because of it. But I think ultimately, we feel good about our business. We feel good about the value we bring to our customers, and this is really all about the macro environment and specifically in -- more pronounced in retail in North America and EMEA.
Bill Burns: Well, I'd say that we've had a tough Q1 from a mobile computing perspective, with double-digit declines in Q1. We see Q2 continue to be challenged from a mobile computing perspective. But, we saw strong growth in other parts of the portfolio like data capture and print. So I think, overall, what we're seeing is mobile computing remaining challenged in first half. And then in second half, we see some of these projects moving forward and then continuing into 2024. So we don't see the environment being a hard landing or much different than what we're guiding to at the moment, which is we were delivered on our first quarter guide, which ultimately was down. But we see Q2, obviously, we knew it was going to be our toughest quarter, and we see recovery in the second half. But modest, and we believe we can deliver on our guide.
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that across T&L, that our customers continue to struggle with labor constraints and are looking to add to visibility across the supply chain, across their -- your networks. We've seen some positives where T&L customers continue to make investments despite some of the challenges around the macro environment. So two examples of that is our postal win in Japan and the RFID win in North America. T&L show that some large projects and outside of retail are clearly continuing and our customers see the value in our solutions. So I think that T&L manufacturing is another area where we're seeing really investment in that business around industrial automation and opportunities, as I mentioned before, around fixed industrial scanning and machine vision. So they delivered solid growth in Q1. And they continue to invest in infrastructure to be more effective and efficient and productive within both their environments, T&L and manufacturing, and we expect that to continue to grow. But to moderate from the strong growth we saw in Q1 due to macro environments. Health care is -- we saw strong results in Q1, and it's less sensitive and less correlated to the macro environment. So we feel good about health care as well. So I think those are areas that outside of retail that we've taken into account for our second half guide.
Bill Burns: Yes. I think, I would say, overall, with the Matrox acquisition and Adaptive Vision, that it really creates a comprehensive portfolio of solutions across fixed industrial scanning and machine vision. So we marry our organic investment plus the acquisition of Matrox and Adaptive Vision to the portfolio. It really is what our customers and partners were looking for is to -- some of our customers are just beginning their automation journey. Others are -- have increased complex, use cases that they're trying to deploy solutions and they're looking for a provider, both our channel partners and our end customers that can provide the breadth and depth of that solution from hardware to software. From a Matrox perspective, specifically, we've seen continued progress. It's performed as expected, and the integration is proceeding as planned. We're looking to diversify our customer base there and really continue to grow the top line of that business. And that means that how do we extend our channel network and our partner community; we're working on expanding that. We're focusing on manufacturing opportunities. Examples could be automotive or battery manufacturing are two areas in which we see opportunities for us. And then, ultimately, leveraging the synergies, I said, across the two acquisitions in our organic portfolio. We're seeing strong interest from our customer base. We were just at ProMat manufacturing and supply chain trade show, and we saw strong interest from our customers. So we feel good about where we're at with Matrox and the opportunities we have ahead of us for machine vision and fixed industrial scanning.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd like to thank our partners, customers and employees for their support and dedication in this challenging in a certain environment. It's an honor to serve as CEO, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead of us. Thank you. Have a great day.
Nathan Winters: Yeah, Tommy, this is Nathan. And then just a little color on the full year guide. So if you look for the full year down 3.5% on organic sales in the midpoint, as we said in the prepared remarks, we do have a pipeline of opportunities and actions to get to the high end of the range, how we're being cautious in the assumptions and what we expect out of the pipeline due to the uncertain macro environment, and the cautious behavior we're seeing. I think the other thing that's important to note is as we go into the second half, we have easier year-on-year comps, particularly in Q3 as well as we have the recently announced price increases that will benefit in the second half as well as a favorable FX from our last guide, helping offset some of the macro headwinds. So all those factors, a lot of factors played into some of the first half or second half dynamic, as well as what we believe we've taken a conservative view at the pipeline and actions we have as we look at the second half guide.
Nathan Winters: I think just one thing to add, that's both -- those are two good examples of the decline for the overall year and the full year guide. But at the same token, while we have a pipeline and actions that are above -- towards the high end of the range, but yet being conservative on assuming all those deals won't get pushed further. So I think that's the -- trying to find the balance there around what we're hearing from our customers and the visibility, with also understanding that it's not certain until we get the PO.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So look, our full year EBITDA guide of 22%, that was the low end of our prior range. We are seeing favorable gross margin trends, but that's being offset by the lower volume. So again, if you look at an aggregate, nearly one point higher than last year, primarily due to the supply chain improvements. And you can see it from our versus our prior guide of reducing those transitory or premium supply chain costs for the year from 50% to 40% as both the freight rates improved, and we're having to buy less components on the spot market. And that's still being offset. Those two points improvement are being offset by about one point of FX. Despite the improvement in FX with our hedging program, there's still a headwind for the year on FX. And again, I think a couple of things. The pricing actions we've taken over the past 1.5 years are offsetting the material and labor cost inflation or recouping some of that degradation over the past year, and we have actions identified to adjust our cost structure with the lower volume.
Nathan Winters: Yes. I would say, there's always a risk in a technology business of excess and obsolescence. That's something the team actively manages in terms of when we put something in -- a lot of that's in our control in terms of the life cycle of a product, when we end of life a component or our finished good. And today, we look and say there's still demand for what we have in inventory on a component level. The team has a series of actions, working with our suppliers to reduce purchase commitments where we can and drive programs where we have available stock with the commercial team. So today, I don't feel -- I think there's -- again, there's always risk given our business model, but I would say nothing more -- not more than we've had in other times.
Nathan Winters: And if you look at the overall backlog position, I'd say it's normalized from where we were over the past several years, in line with what we need to deliver for the second quarter. I think the positive news, both for print and DCS as we've largely worked through our delinquent or aged backlog, as supply has improved, still have some backlog to work through for both of those businesses. But in aggregate, I think we go back more to normalized levels, if not a little bit higher than we were pre-pandemic, but enough to definitely support our 2Q guide.
Nathan Winters: There's a few -- I can take a couple of things, I'll start. One, if you look at our overall inventory, I think in aggregate, remains healthy. However, as we highlighted before, there is our realigning, or aligning their days on hand to say, with the moderating demand as well as the improved lead times in the cost of capital. So we work closely with all the distributors, so they have the appropriate days on hand levels and that is recalibrating to the slower demand. You'll definitely see variations across distributors or regions due to the various dynamics. And that's why we look at it as a range in aggregate. But I'd say, overall, we think those levels are in line with where we were pre-pandemic. But obviously, we think that is definitely an outsized impact in Q2 relative to the rest of the year, as the demand has softened here over the past month or two.
Nathan Winters: And one thing I'd add, just on the second half, I mean for the full year, we're expecting about 1.5 of benefit in price, including the most recent announcement. And I think I'll just get back. If you look at the second half, the implied guide around minus 2% again. But on much easier comps, if you look at just the trajectory of the business last year and the first half growth versus second half as well as the favorable FX impact. So those are, again, some different dynamics when you look at the first half versus second half for the year.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So, I think, again, just sort of maybe clarify the comment in terms of -- we look at it in terms of an absolute range. So, I think, we're still in that same range we were in from a pre-pandemic, no different than we were in Q4, maybe just a little bit on the higher end. And so, we don't have a sales out to sales in reconciliation. I would say that, historically, when the velocity of the channel slows, we see an outsized impact as the distis moderate and manage their days on hand. So if they're selling over sales out of the channel that requires less inventory to support that, which means they're not going to make the same type of stocking orders. So it has an outsized impact on what we see from a sales end. So there's always a disconnect there based on, as you see the markets improve or decline. I think in Q2, that's amplified a bit by the improving lead times and their higher carrying costs. And I would just say, the opposite is true when the macro improves, we tend to see an accelerated recovery. But, again, that's not assumed in our full year guide.
Nathan Winters: That's right. As you would expect, if you have lower sales out of the channel that requires less inventory in the channel to support that business.
Nathan Winters: Yes, we take the spot market as we put the guide together. So sitting around whatever, just around $1.09 to $1.10 to the euro. .
Joe Heel: Sure. So Damian, I wanted to underline one thing first, and then maybe I'll give you some examples because I thought you might -- someone might ask these questions. I put together a few examples to illustrate what we're seeing. I want to underscore that by and large, we're not seeing cancellations from these large customers. We're seeing deferrals of the decision and, in some cases, deferrals of the deployment. And the majority of those deferrals are to the second half of this year, to Q3 and Q4, which goes in part also to Tommy's earlier question about what confidence do we have, right? That's where we're seeing in most of those push. I'll give you two examples. One of our large US customers in the retail space, by the time we last spoke here in the first quarter, had ordered about $3 million from us. And they had told us that they were going to be ordering by the end of Q2, an additional $20 million. Since then, in the last three months, they've taken $6 million and said we're still going to order that in Q2, but we still don't have the purchase order yet. They're still trying to secure the budget for it. They have $10 million that they moved to Q3 and another $4 million that they moved to Q4. At least that's what they've told us so far. Of course, to your point about the visibility, will they actually order it then? We will see. But that's the current state of what we know and what's changed since we last spoke. Another even larger customer in the US, also a retailer, had ordered $5 million by the time we were speaking last year in February, and had indicated that they were planning to buy $35 million by the end of Q2. Since then, they have said $11 million of that we're going to order in Q3. And $24 million, we will not have budget for this year, but we plan to order it in 2024. So that gives you an idea of how things are moving and how these deferrals are happening, hopefully.
Joe Heel: We do. And I would underline, Jim, the broad-based nature of this demand. We're seeing it in health care, for example, we're seeing it in T&L, where entire package operations that were previously barcode-based are being driven by RFID now for greater efficiency and fewer errors. And we're seeing it in multiple regions of the world. We're seeing it strong in Asia-Pacific, but also strong in Europe where labor costs are high and RFID can have an outsized impact. This is a broad-based movement.
Joe Heel: Yes, why don't I start right away. This is Joe Heel. The investments we've made over the last few years in customer success have given us a really good insight as to what our installed base is and how our customers are using it. And that has generally revealed to us that the usage cycles have shortened, and that the replacements that are being contemplated now are things that have gone in approximately three years ago or even less than that. And of course, we have just launched a brand-new set of our mid-range and high-end mobile computers and the value tier was released last year. So those are coming right into that refresh cycle that we're seeing from those customers. And that's another reason why we're quite confident that while these customers are deferring decisions and deployments as we speak, they will have to purchase shortly. And we have pretty good confidence in that. It's the timing that we're uncertain about.
Joe Heel: Yeah. So Meta, we increased prices last year outside of North America towards the end of the year, and we have increased them in North America here in the first quarter. We have a very analytical approach to doing this where we literally analyze by product and by region where we stand competitively and what economics we can afford for our channel partner's because we want them to thrive. And as a result, we looked at that and we said we have additional headroom in North America, just as we saw that at the end of the year outside of North America. We have implemented those and we have seen generally good traction with those, and they're going to have a meaningful impact in terms of helping us to mitigate the challenges that we outlined earlier.
Joe Heel: Yes, Rob, I would also point out some of the near adjacencies have been very strong contributors for us, not just in the last quarter, but recently. Tablets, for example, has become our fastest-growing mobile computing category, and we now have a number one market share position in tablets. That's been a terrific contributor. We're seeing those use cases only expand in areas like healthcare in areas like manufacturing that we hadn't even considered initially. And I mentioned earlier, RFID, right? How that's been a broad-based growth driver for us. And by the way, the same is true for what we did in bioptic scanning, where we now have a very strong market position. So those adjacencies that are close to our core have contributed very nicely.
Joe Heel: And so -- and what I would add, Joe Heel here. By and large, we have not seen the deferrals of either project decisions or deployments nearly to the same degree in any of the three verticals Bill mentioned, T&L manufacturing or health care. They've had steady demand. Now we're expecting that some of that may moderate a bit because it was -- they were all up very strongly in Q1. But nevertheless, we expect those will continue to contribute. One other area that we're investing in that we think has some good growth potential is government. We're seeing some -- for reasons that are probably obvious, we're seeing some strong demand in the government sector.
