Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Results for the second quarter and first half of 2011 demonstrated the success of our strategy to drive higher growth and increasing returns. Most recently, we accelerated the placement of Zebra sales personnel in territories that offer the highest risk adjusted growth opportunities based on big market research and analysis. We supported these investments with new innovative products that are expanding the range of applications in which we can enable mission-critical information of our assets, people and transactions. Finally, we focused our business on core printing, RFID and location solutions to build on the multiple competitive advantages that has led to clear industry leadership. Our success to date gives us confidence in Zebra’s future and that the strategies we are pursuing will lead to creating greater shareholder value. As we look through the second half of 2011 and into next year, we will continue to invest in those areas of our business that will deliver the highest risk adjusted returns. Mainly first, driving growth by more deeply penetrating North America and parts of Europe in key verticals with new applications. Second, maintaining our intensity on product innovation and superior product development. And lastly, expanding into emerging regions around the globe or into a business intelligence that aligns the most promising industries and applications with a correct channels, sales and marketing strategies. Let me elaborate. We will continue to develop stronger and broader relationships with channel partners to serve more customers in targeted verticals around the world. At the same time, we have programs under way that are designed to penetrate verticals more deeply with a broader set of applications in established regions such as North America. We are building on our early efforts with independent software vendors or ISVs to be coming to the fact of standard printers solution for a broad range of applications. To-date, approximately 75 ISVSs, many in North America, have joined our program that we launched earlier this year. In addition, our focused work with system integrators will position Zebra as a closest strategic partner with large companies that have complex supply-chain challenges. We will also maximize Zebra’s long-term growth opportunities with new products and solutions that can be applied across many industries. Today, Zebra has the broadest range of thermal printers in the industry. The depth and breadth of our product line are important competitive advantages as they enable us to meet more of our channel partners and customer’s needs. Specifically, we see exciting growth opportunities in kiosk, mobile and card printers. We also see potential for more products that meet the unique regional and vertical needs such as the printers we introduced in China early in the second quarter. We also have growing optimism for the future of solutions incorporating passive and active RFID technologies. Finally, success of our geographic expansion program is evident with the high growth we have seen in China and other regions. We are developing market economies and the growing middleclass to support attractive business opportunities. During the first part of this year, we made further investments in Zebra sales resources in India, Russia, China and countries in Southeast Asia. These investments will add to the growth already generated by the personnel faced in country last year. Zebra’s financial position gives us the ability to sustain this phase of investment. Together with a disciplined approach to delivering solid risk adjusted returns, this foundational strength gives us important flexibility how we run the business for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. In addition to funding internal growth, share buybacks continue to be an attractive use of our excess cash. This concludes our prepared remarks and I will thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first in North America, we have the great strength in our traditional markets of manufacturing and warehousing. That led to very rich mix of tabletop printers. We had record revenues of high-end printers into US. Sales through our distribution partners continue to be very robust. And this favorable trends are offset by a weakness in retail. But even so we had a healthy deal activity throughout the quarter. We just didn’t have as many large deal as we would normally see. And in retail, we will say that the high-end retailers continue to outperform most of the other one. And we are quite confident that we are maintaining and expanding our lead in the industry and not losing any share. If you look at little more on the outlook for North America than for us, we have developed a robust set of growth strategies for the region that we feel are all very compelling. We are building a more strategic sales capability. We are developing new types of partnerships that can take us into new verticals or new applications through ISVs and system integrators. Over the last several years, I guess the backdrop in North America has been there. There has been a big shift from the manufacturing jobs or manufacturing opportunities for us outside of the US to Asia. So fortunately, they landed with us in those regions. We certainly pick them up there. But we have seen a substantial shift in our business where the breadth of our product lines, channels and so forth has really helped us grow very, very healthily in new markets like health, government, direct store delivery even retail. And into the second half of the year, we feel that our pipeline in North America is promising and we are working very hard to make sure we can deliver consistent growth trajectory for the region that is clearly one of four priorities.
Anders Gustafsson: First the ISVs that we have signed up so far has primarily been in our more developed markets, so in North America and Western Europe. It is a wide variety of vertical focus or application focus. So they give us a much better breadth as they emphasis. And they help us really get into new areas that we otherwise wouldn’t really have the same penetration. And we can compete by getting designed into the application versus having to compete at the tailend by speed some price. How long it takes to ramp, it those text it varies quite a bit. Some of them are already most familiar with our space and what we do. They can be up and running very quickly and some of them takes a bit longer to figure it out. But I would say on average, it’s probably maybe fee bonds or so to get through that.Karl Ackerman – KeyBanc Capital markets: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson: That is a really good question. We do put out the ASP statistic, we have done that historically. To be honest, this is a challenge that numbers is really a function of mix. And so, depending upon the period like I think we mentioned earlier, tabletop is higher. Tabletop products sell at a much higher ASP. So depending upon the mix that will change that, so I would not look at that too closely to sit there and try to get an indication of how the business is going because balance of the year pricing has been really, really stable. We don’t, we are not seeing a lot of price pressure – we see very little price pressure to be honest. So it is not really an indication of price pressure, its mix.
Anders Gustafsson: It’s primarily related – it is seasonality in the sense that when you come to the top where you top up 401K type stocks and both security types of stock, vacation or those types of things. So you will see that in the back off of our yearly benefit from that kind of stuff versus the first half. So when we have this call at the end of the fourth quarter, and we will tell you the first quarter is going to step up, it is going to be the offset of the situation we’re experiencing here.
Anders Gustafsson: Not (inaudible) something, we are more normal I think if you go forward. Q2 was a more tougher comparator. Q3 and Q4 I think are – let me consider a more normal.Jason Rodgers – Great Lakes Review: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just to be clear on the component cost related to the Japan situation, you expecting them to pretty much double in the current quarter and then I guess, tail offer and following it.
Anders Gustafsson: No, we don’t think we disadvantaged. We have some very strong value to resellers and other partners that are focused on this space. They tend to pull in other hardware or software vendors to offer that complete solution. And we tend to be a very prominent investments. I think our market share in that area is very good.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay. Well, everybody, thank you very much for joining us today. Again our next regularly scheduled conference call for the quarter will be on Tuesday, November 8. And Mike Smiley and I will be available for the rest of the day, if you have any further questions. Have a good day. Thank you very much.
Michael Terzich: Well, I think generically speaking, I think our business – I think the diversity of our business and from both the global perspective and the application perspective has been very healthy. And clearly when you look at all of the news that is around at those at the current place and timing. So little bit we’re sensitive to it. We haven’t seen that reflected in the base of our business. I want to reinforce one of the principles of the technology that we felt which is we are in efficiency, productivity technology. And we intend to be a little less sensitive to the immediacy of the macroeconomic indicators in the marketplace. People deploy our technology to improve productivity, efficiency of their business. When they have economic challenge in their business, they deploy our solution. So we have been a little bit less – we have been more insulated for some of that. And we expect that, we can’t predict the future but in the short-term I think the general state of our business has been pretty healthy.
Michael Terzich: Tony, it’s Mike Terzich. We will break this into two pieces. North America, we measured our distribution on a number of metrics. We recorded revenue on a sales out basis. We watched very closely their performance on a sales out basis, we watched their inventory levels very closely. I can tell you that on our salesout basis, the business was healthy in Q2. It was a nice business resolved, which for us is important because that the distribution channel is really a parameter for broader health of our North America business. It crosses multiple verticals, multiple application spaces. So we like the result inventory levels right where we want them to be very consistent to what we’ve seen in the past. Internationally, our business was very strong internationally. So our distribution results are (inaudible) were better than they were in the US, which was very good. So again, the quarter was a quarter that I would characterize as very strong run rate business, which is typically aligns well with a distribution performance. And we’re a little bit lighter globally on some of the large deal opportunities besides of the last deal. So the distribution channel have performed very well for us.Anthony Kure – KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. If I may just piggyback on the last comment. You did not witness may be some of the larger deal activities that you normally would. Are those primarily concentrated in manufacturing in Asia Pac and may be retail in the US or the other end market verticals that maybe you didn’t notice service amount of large deal activity that you may normally would.
Michael Terzich: Well, what we saw was deal activity. The volume of deal activity was consistent to what we have seen in the prior quarters. The value of the deals tended to be a little lighter in the second quarter. And because of the global reach and the diversity of our business, we look at deal activity. It’s generally well balanced between manufacturing some of the field mobility applications that we talked about earlier as well as the retail space and the government space particularly outside the United States for government.Anthony Kure – KeyBanc Capital Market: Great. Thank you very much, gentlemen.
