Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you see on slide four, we are off to a solid start in 2017. Our team executed well and delivered strong first quarter results, including adjusted net sales of $866 million with organic growth of 7% that exceeded our guidance range; gross margin expansion of 20 basis points; adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.2%, reflecting an 80-basis-point improvement over the prior year; non-GAAP EPS of $1.37, a 29% increase over Q1 of last year; and more than $100 million of free cash flow driven by improved profitability and prudent cash management. We achieved solid sales results with double-digit growth in EMEA and Latin America and 5% growth in North America, driven by strong demand across our retail and e-commerce customer base. Growth was diversified across our major lines of business with especially strong results in mobile computing and data capture. This was led by our industry-leading portfolio of solutions and the strong reception from large enterprises for our newest offerings. In the quarter, we extended our market leadership and delivered innovation to our customers. Our solutions are essential to our customers to execute on their strategies. We've also witnessed an improved environment compared to the very challenging first quarter 2016. Our stronger-than-expected Q1 provides us the confidence to increase our full-year sales outlook. With that, let me now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our 2017 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Thanks, Jim. Retail has been a strong vertical for Zebra for a long time, right? And it clearly came off very well in the first quarter. We are capitalizing on some of the shifts that are going on in the retail today, but with movements from traditional, say, brick and mortar towards e-commerce and omni-channel spending. And I'd say all our brick and mortar customers and e-tailers, too, they are investing in our type of technologies today. So while they might be investing less in new stores or closing stores, they are prioritizing more IT type of capabilities in their CapEx budgets. We have also been very fortunate here now of being able to develop a very strong product portfolio that is resonating with our retail customers. Android has been well accepted by retail, and it's going very well there. And our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision is also resonating very well, as we are coming up with more and more new types of solutions that help to drive greater visibility into their operations, such as with SmartLens. Then, moving on to some of your follow-on verticals here, so in healthcare, that's been our fastest growing vertical over the past several years. We see strong growth drivers for continued good performance around both the ability to help improve the quality of care, but also the efficiency of care or the cost of care. The electronic medical health records is really the catalyst for this to happen. But we also are starting to see better growth in healthcare from outside of the U.S. It started off really being a – say, a North America vertical, but now it's becoming more prevalent, more spending in Europe, Middle East and Asia also. And we have some new products coming out here in Q2, like the TC51 for healthcare that we expect to drive greater growth also. And lastly, I think you asked about our transportation/logistics vertical. Again, it's been a strong vertical for us. It's been benefiting from some good secular trends, particularly, the shift to e-commerce. So you have so many more packages that needs to be delivered to enterprises and to people's homes. And we've gained a good amount of share in the T&L space over the last couple of years. And again, we have expanded our type of solutions to the ones I had mentioned on the prepared remarks, like the SmartPack at the ProMat show. Also, we have the Preload Smart Scan solutions, but both of those are great Enterprise Asset Intelligence solutions, that's been resonating very well with our customers.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Our printing business has performed very, very well for many years, I'd say. We had a good quarter in Q1 for both printing and our supplies business. The One Zebra message we had around how to leverage the full complement of all our solutions to pull in more printing has been working well. It's been a success for us, I'd say. And I feel very good about the long-term outlook for our printing business. We have a very strong product road map that has some new products coming out later this year that I would expect to have a meaningful impact in the market. We do see significant opportunities to expand our supplies business, which we think of as somewhat unpenetrated vertical for us, or product space. And we are also including Enterprise Asset Intelligence capabilities into our printers. So Link-OS is a great differentiator for us. It enables our printers to be good network citizens in our customers' networks. Profile Manager is a capability we have which is unique to Zebra and very well-valued. And we talked about on the prepared remarks the Network Connect solution, which enables us to connect into Rockwell Automation's IT systems very easily and makes it a lot easier for our customers to expand and reconfigure their businesses. So we feel very good about where the printing business is. And I think we expect to see good growth as we go through the year.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, so first I'd say our mobile computing business had a very strong quarter, especially, in North America and Europe and driven in no small part to large wins, more large project-based wins. We got a lot of interest in our new Android solutions like the TC51 mobile computer and the tablets. So the Android migration generally is continuing to gain momentum for us. It's becoming a bigger part of our overall business. It's now about half of our total mobile computing sales and our market share is over 50% in Android compared to – which is higher than what we have overall. We have a very close working relationship with Google, which enables us to work more on early insights into what's coming in future releases and influence a little bit of what the roadmap will look like. And we have by far the broadest Android product portfolio with about 15 products in there. And in Q1 here, we launched a new service that we call LifeGuard, which basically enables us to extend security patches and security upgrades for all devices through the life cycle of those devices. And that's something that I think we are uniquely well-positioned to be able to do as we have such a big install base. But we should also say that Windows continues to be a very prominent operating system. And we think of ourselves as being agnostic in the war of operating systems. We want to provide the right device and the right operating system for our customers. And there's still a lot of Microsoft devices being shipped and the total legacy install base of Microsoft operating systems continues to be very large so the future opportunity to upgrade that and refresh that is substantial. And then on the channel side, Android has – initially took off from – based on our larger deals into our direct customers, but as time has gone by, we do see more and more channel business for Android. And the characteristics of those is very similar to the characteristics of similar deals for Microsoft. So I would say today the migration or the growth of Android in the channel is developing along the lines of how we expected it to. So we're pleased with that also.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, as part of preparing for the ERP cutover which happened at the end of April, we worked with our distribution partners to ensure that they were appropriately stocked before that outage. And that basically translated into us working with them to make sure that they raised orders on us earlier, but not shipping. We designed these programs very carefully to have no impact or minimal impact on Q1. So we entered Q2 with more backlog in order so we could ship early in the second quarter to cover the period of ten days or so where we were – when the ERP system was down. But the intent was clearly to make sure that we minimized any impact on the first quarter. And if you look at the outlook for the second quarter, I think, it seems like we feel we have been able to achieve that objective without distorting Q2 based on any of this.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So manufacturing is a vertical we've been participating in for a long time, and it was one of the real strengths for the original Zebra business. We are seeing visibility in mobility solutions being a driver for manufacturing. Some of the things we've been doing here to provide new innovative solutions, it would be around this Network Connect solution that we demonstrated at ProMat to get – facilitate or make it as easy as possible for customers or enterprises to incorporate printing and scanning into their work flows and into their IT ecosystems. And we're also working hard to expand the route delivery business. That's a big part of our manufacturing – of actually working with manufacturers to get their products delivered to – it could be restaurants or distribution centers and other things. So we see manufacturing to continue to be a good vertical for us. Not as high growth maybe as healthcare, but it's still a good growth business for us.
Anders Gustafsson: So the first quarter, I think, we had a particularly strong pipeline of large deals, to some degree, fueled by some of our newer products like the TC51, so we wouldn't expect to be able to maintain that high level of – or that cadence for kind of large project business. And then, second half also has tougher compares. So we would expect that the growth rate in the second half will moderate a bit from the first half.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, so I'll start and then I'll ask Joe Heel to add some comments at the end also. But, yeah, retail we have a very strong portfolio of products for retail overall. We are very much focused on driving our One Zebra into retail too, and so it is not like we're looking to really just lead with one product, we want to make sure that we have our mobile computers, our scanners, our printers customers. And I think our ability to cross-sell and up-sell has been improved over the last few years here. But some of the newer things that are having – resonating or driving a lot of larger deals tends to be the mobile computers, so like the TC51 that we launched in Q4 of last year. That's used in multiple different use cases, but omni-channel enablement is certainly one. If you think of what has to happen within a retail facility in order for them to execute on an omni-channel strategy, they have to have much greater use of technology to be able to do those tasks. So that would be one of the newer solutions that are having a lot of traction. But if you look into the future, I would highlight SmartLens, or SmartSense as we called it earlier, but we renamed it to SmartLens, as one that we think has great opportunity and certainly is resonating very well with our customers. We have a great pipeline of interested retailers, who want to do pilots for that. But that's a solution that really helps to drive much greater visibility into inventory, tracking, assets in a retail facility of people, both customers and sales associates. So it can drive a great ROI. So that would be, I guess, my two cents. And, Joe, you can add a little bit to that.
Joachim Heel: Yes. You touched on all the high points. We'd integrated the sales force relatively quickly as you might remember already at the end of 2014. And we intensively trained the sales forces in cross-selling the full portfolio of products. We also at the beginning of 2015 already introduced a compensation plan, which to this day, rewards the salespeople for cross-selling. And that has shown results in our big deals as well as in our revenue overall. We've also had an initiative underway across the company to integrate on a cultural level that a large percentage of our employees have already participated in to bring the cultures of Motorola and Zebra together to a One Zebra culture. And the other piece I would highlight in the cross-selling is that our – as we transition towards more and more solutions such as the SmartLens offering that we mentioned, our professional services will play an increasingly important role in bringing solutions that span really across the portfolio and layer value-added on top of the product that we brought together and the acquisition to market through professional services that bring those solutions to life. So a broad array really of cross-selling activity.
Joachim Heel: Well, building on what you said, I think, there's three areas in retail where both the business processes and the technology innovation are coming together. One is the front of the store where we're enabling empowerment for the associates to interact more with customers. The second is the warehouse, where we're driving a lot of improved productivity. And the third is really the drive towards omni-channel fulfillment that we see in retail. And in all of those you can see what Anders was talking about, the mobile computers and scanners and printers, the more traditional products, are enabling each of those three processes. And that's where also a lot of that Android migration we talked a lot about. That's where a lot of that is happening today. And then in the future, all of the retailers are looking forward to deploying some of our new technologies, the RFID technology, which includes SmartLens is one of the future technologies. In the warehouse it would be technologies like augmented reality that we're working on and bringing to market. So that would be, I think, a good way to overview where we're making an impact in retail.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. I would say the area in which we continue to do a business at maybe the conventional levels of the organization are a large run-rate business, which is quite healthy, continues to operate smoothly with all of the relationships that we've had in place traditionally. Where we have leveled our relationships significantly I would say is particularly around two areas. One is some of these large deals, in particular, as customers make a transition to Android, those deals are large enough that they – and transformational enough for many of the customers that they bring us to the attention of a senior level of management. And we have those conversations there and build relationships out of that. And then, the second one is where we talk about solutions like SmartLens, we are always talking about business cases. We're talking about ROI, and we're having conversations with business level decision makers at a senior level. Those are the two cases.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me take your first question about restructuring. So we expect restructuring charges to decline significantly in Q2 and to be de minimis in the second half of the year. As we are finalizing the implementation of our ERP, we believe that cost would be significantly managed down. In terms of your second question for deferred revenue, we are today, as Anders indicated, entering more and more into the Enterprise Asset Intelligence space, meaning that our revenue has multiple elements in it, services, managed services and the deferred revenue was associated with those multiple elements, as I said, with our sales.
Olivier Leonetti: So we are indeed pleased with our gross margin performance. It has been increasing by about 40 basis points year-on-year. It is due to multiple factors. One, the strength of the product portfolio. As Anders indicated, we are now selling more and more solutions on the back of our Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy. So strength of the portfolio would be first. Second is also the focus of the Enterprise on maximizing productivity. We have – the DNA of the company is to improve cost management quarter after quarter and you see that happening in the P&L. And, third, we pay special attention to run rate margin. Joe and his team are very careful about how we price our portfolio, and you see that also happening, materializing in the gross margin performance.
Olivier Leonetti: Nothing specific. I'm going to state the obvious, but as Anders indicated, our priority number one is to reduce our debt burden. We want to overachieve our objective of repaying $300 million of debt this year, we are on track for that. Managing for cash is a focus across the enterprise, we have a cross-functional team working on all the elements of cash flow management and you see that happening at the moment.
Olivier Leonetti: I would say lower. So you should expect interest charge to decrease as we go through the year, as we reduce our debt burden.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah, we believe that the margin for Q2 is expected to be flat to slightly higher. Yeah. And again, a few reasons for that. One is we're working on productivity initiatives, as I mentioned earlier; and, two, we have a very strong portfolio of products and solutions and that allows us to compete on viable, which is different than price.
Olivier Leonetti: So the implementation of the ERP is now creating the conditions for us to drive productivity further. Now as I said earlier, that's not new at Zebra. We have a culture of improving efficiencies. We did that before the acquisition. We would do that as the acquisition is finalized. And we have the opportunity to improve the various ratios of the P&L. So gross margin but also OpEx. For that reason, we feel confident about the EBITDA margin range we gave for the year of about 18% to 19% despite currency headwinds.
