Douglas A. Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and also described in Zebra’s 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Douglas A. Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Douglas A. Fox: Just to thank everybody for joining us today and to let you know that our next regularly scheduled conference call for the fourth quarter will be on Tuesday February 12, 2013. Everybody have a good day. Thank you for joining us today.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra’s third quarter results demonstrate the success of our strategies to drive performance. Our investments in product innovation, channel development and geographic expansion are making Zebra more strategic to more customers in new ways. They positioned the company for improving levels of growth and profitability as business conditions improve. But economic headwinds have restricted near-term performance in some regions, our diversity and sustainable competitive advantages have enabled us to extend our industry leadership. We are pursuing our growth goals, while diligently managing the business and maintaining effective control over operating expenses. We also continue to deploy our resources in those areas that deliver the highest risk-adjusted returns, including continued opportunistic stock buybacks and strategic acquisitions. All of these factors give us great confidence and optimism in Zebra’s future. While we look with some caution to the fourth quarter of 2012 and into 2013, we will continue to invest in programs and strategies that will serve Zebra and its shareholders over the long-term. In new product development, we will maintain a high cadence of product introductions with an increasing focus on innovation around connectivity and mobility. We are on track in 2012, to exceed the 13 products released last year. And we are excited about the product roadmap as we look ahead for 2013. We will incorporate our Link OS ecosystem in to our next generation of desktop, tabletop and mobile printers to deliver even greater value to our customers. New features and functionality will expand the range of potential applications we serve as well. We will continue to build on our use of platforms to gain greater efficiency in the product development process. The major technology trends of mobility, cloud computing and Internet of Things are opening new opportunities for Zebra. The increasing use of RFID and sensors is helping companies gain greater visibility into the identification, location and condition of assets, transactions and people. The implementation of these technologies and solutions are driving more effective and timely business decisions. Building our supplies and services businesses remains a priority as well. Just recently we opened our new service repair facility in Brazil, by demonstrating our commitment and improving service levels in this important country; we are attracting more business opportunities. We expect to add to our progress in 2013, by expanding our presence in other under served regions. Finally, we will continue to expand our go-to-market channels our investments in developing stronger relationships with system integrators, ISVs and strategic accounts has helped us to diversify our customer base. They contributed to the third quarter’s strong performance in North America and Latin America. In Asia-Pacific and EMEA, the recent investments we made to increase the number of Zebra sales people position us well to accelerate sales growth as business conditions improve. We look forward to more progress as we move into 2013. These investments are important high return activities that helps Zebra penetrate existing markets more deeply as well as expand our presence in new exciting areas of growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. And I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, you mean Q3 over Q2 or…?Paul Coster – JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, no. I’m trying to get a sense of the most recent data points that you are seeing from your sales. Does the North American linearity point slightly upwards or is it slowing? I mean just gives us if you can give us some color there.
Anders Gustafsson: It’s I would say our quarters are somewhat more back-end loaded now than they were probably a year or two ago, but the North America business is projecting to grow as we kind of outlined in the guidance here.Paul Coster – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: So the two orders we announced, I think, was the Ministry of Health in Brazil and that was the retail order in Brazil also to your (inaudible).Keith M. Housum – Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yes.
Anders Gustafsson: We’ve always had RFID as part of our guidance. So it’s not a new thing from that perspective and I expect that as we go forward, we will continue to include RFID as parts of our overall guidance. I do not expect that we will break it out this as a separate product line.Keith M. Housum – Northcoast Research Partners LLC : All right. Okay, thank you guys.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, this is Mike. I think there is a – Mike Smiley, there is one more Mike here. There is a couple of things that are affecting us we had a number one we had an attractive product mix in part Anders mentioned the ZT200, which is our mid-range tabletop printers which was stronger than we had anticipated. We expect that to moderate a little bit next quarter, but we also had some benefits in some adjustments to reserves like excess and obsolete and warranty and such. Our experience has been positive. We don't expect that to continue every quarter and then some overhead stuff. So effectively we probably wanted to make sure people were aware of this, the margin that we got this quarter had some more unusual type things is part of it, we just don't expect that that will continue every quarter.
Michael C. Smiley: Right, Asia-Pac has been a great market for us over the last several years. And it met our expectations in the quarter, although the results were kind of mixed within the region. Greater China was up slightly and Japan was also strong but India and Korea were quite weak for different reasons. And I think here we see China and Korea being very big exporters to Europe. So I think the headwinds from Europe is certainly have an impact on those countries, but in India, I think it's a more issue of the local rupiya having depreciated quite substantially against the dollar over the last year or so. Our local customers are looking very carefully. The exchange rates as they look to make purchases, but over the longer-term though we are quite bullish on Asia, we think that the region will have higher than average GDP growth for quite a few years to come. And I think as the middle class benefits on this growth, we will see kind of the diversification of our business in Asia as we’ve seen in North America and Europe before.
Michael C. Smiley: Hi, Paul.Paul Coster – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks for taking my question. Yeah, good morning.
Michael C. Smiley: A couple of things, first of all – yeah this is Mike Smiley again. We are not sort of breaking out LaserBand, but I think a couple of things I will tell you, is that it’s here planned very nicely, it’s being integrated, being managed. We are really pleased to have these guys on because not only strategic, but from a CFO standpoint it’s also the financial results are very attractive, the cash margins on this business are very comparable to the rest of our business and so forth being strategic and the type of businesses we are in, we are very pleased with this business.Paul Coster – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, let me put it in a different way. But you are seeing organic growth in North America without the LaserBand acquisition.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, oh definitely we would have. Okay, definitely.Paul Coster – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay great, fine.
Michael C. Smiley: This is Mike Smiley. We had three customers that were over 10%. The largest was 20.8%, the second was a 11.2% and the third was 10.5%. These are all three distributors.Greg W. Halter – Great Lakes Review: All right. Thank you.
Michael C. Smiley: Yes, and wanted to be real strengths of the business.Greg W. Halter – Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
