Douglas A. Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's latest 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some opening remarks.
Douglas A. Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Douglas A. Fox: Okay. With that, first of all, thank you very much for joining us today, this morning, and we look forward to keeping you up-to-date on our progress as the year unfolds. And of course, we'll be around for additional questions following the call. Thank you very much for joining us today.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug. The company has entered 2015 with favorable momentum, customers and channel partners are responding positively to the combined Zebra with our expanded line of industry leading innovative products and solutions. We are moving forward on plan with the integration and we remain confident in our ability to achieve $150 million in cost synergies over two years. While we remain mindful of current global currency and economic conditions, for 2015 we will focus on the following strategic priorities within our control to drive shareholder value. First, growth; second, execution; and third, transformation. Starting with growth, we have identified several key opportunities to enhance the business. First, we will actively pursue cross-selling opportunities. Our sales force has already completed cross training programs and is currently going to market to sell our expanded comprehensive portfolio. We are also now more effective at hunting and securing new business. We can execute on opportunities that would not be available independently with large strategic accounts that can benefit from the combined solutions. Today, our expanded team and portfolio have bolstered our position in targeted industries and have provided improved geographic coverage. As we've done in 2014, we will continue to support the adoption of Android. We have taken a leadership position with the operating system with initial success from high-touch sales with strategic accounts in the retail and transportation and logistics verticals. In addition to further penetrating existing accounts, we will be focused on promoting Android adoption with our channel partners as well as expanding into new verticals and geographies. The supplies business is another area we can develop further. We currently have a small share in a very large market, and we will now position ourselves with a differentiated technology solution. Excellent brand recognition supports our business in Asia-Pacific, and we continue to advance custom label sales in EMEA. We will further penetrate the healthcare wristband market, where we have realized great success. We remain committed to the wireless LAN business and believe this offers growth opportunities. The wireless LAN market is large and fast-growing as businesses look to enhance connectivity within their environments. The strength of our portfolio was demonstrated in the recent announcement that Zebra's wireless LAN solutions will be deployed in New York City's subway system. Because we have become a larger more relevant partner, we can move more aggressively into the services business. Customers need greater visibility into their assets as supply chains become increasingly complex. We will maintain focus on the quality repairs business as well as search for opportunities to attach new service agreements with existing customers. As our ecosystem grows, we see a bright future in managed services. Our second priority is execution. As we act on our growth strategy, we will remain focused on a successful integration. We are on target to achieve the $150 million in synergies by the end of 2016 with $50 million to $75 million in savings this year. We have already completed the integration of the sales force under Joe, and we have aligned the right people in the right roles. To better counsel our customers on the most appropriate solutions for their business, we have formed vertical organizations in all major markets, in retail, manufacturing, transportation and logistics and healthcare. We will also overlay this structure with product specialists offering expertise in printing, services and wireless LAN. Strategic investments will be made in growth areas to fill existing gaps. Our third priority for 2015 is transformation. We're combining two tremendous organizations with proud and rich cultures that share customers, as well as a deep appreciation for innovation. Our shared values will include commitment to integrity, respect, collaboration, agility, and innovation. As one Zebra, we will build upon the best practices of both businesses to exceed our customer's expectations. I'm pleased with our fourth quarter results and with the initial progress we have made on the integration. With a proven track record and strong emphasis on discipline and execution, Zebra is prepared to maintain strong momentum and continue creating value for our shareholders. Thank you for joining us today. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: Right. It's obviously very difficult to dissect exactly what revenue streams came in as part or were incremental as part of the acquisition and what might have fallen out. But I'd say my sense is that we probably grew a little faster on the printer side, because of the acquisition. And I'll give you two examples of this, one, was from how Motorola had gone to market with several printer partners prior to the acquisition. I think after we announced that obviously, we became exclusive with each other. So, I think that drove some incremental revenue, I believe. And the second one, more longer-term, more strategic here, I would say, is that the relationships we have seen with our largest customers and channel partners has improved based on the acquisition. People see us now as much more of a strategic partner, who can provide insight and counsel on a much broader set of technologies than what we could do before.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So first, I'd say services, we see as a great long-term opportunity for us. We believe we have a number of dimensions that we can pursue to grow that business further and there was a much smaller part of the historical Zebra business versus the Enterprise business. We see services as the entire business, but maybe particular services as one where we need to have an ecosystem of partners. We don't have all the solutions for every type of situation, so we need to have ISVs come together with us. We need to have other integrators come together with us and we're certainly working to make sure that our reseller partners can also participate in the growth of services. And specific to managed services, we see that as a great way of providing a new type of value-added service to our customers that's probably more sticky and would have a more long-term effect, more of as a service type of delivery.
Anders Gustafsson: Managed services would include us managing an account – management of the infrastructure. So, we would know the health of the fleet. We would be able to know how many devices are turned on. We can manage softer downloads, battery life, a number of things to basically allow the customer to be much more focused on their business and not have to be distracted with running devices.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. That was up slightly, couple of percent on a constant currency basis. It was flat in nominal terms, and it was up 14% sequentially.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. As you know, we don't give annual guidance here, but we felt we certainly exited 2014 with good momentum. I think we feel we still have good momentum in the business. I'd say our customers and partners have been very supportive and leaning into this, I would say. We expect growth across the both organizations, as we think of it here now, so both Enterprise and the printing business. I'll say here we feel with the backdrop of kind of economic and FX uncertainty that the diversity of our business is really helping. We had great strength in North America, in Asia-Pac, so it's offset some by weakness in Latin America and EMEA, but we also see good strength in number of verticals, like T&L, postal, retail, healthcare, as examples.
Anders Gustafsson: I don't think the acquisition really changes our view of what technology to use for data capture. Laser has been the historical – so one dimensional laser technology has been the primary use for capturing barcodes and other things historically, but going forward we see that migrating to 2D imagers. So you can do 2D barcodes and you can have other kind of signature capture and other things like that. And we have made investments, substantial investments in our 2D portfolio and we have a very strong position, it's actually been growing quite nicely for the last two years.
Anders Gustafsson: So, this is not something that's new products just being launched. So, you'll find them in retail, healthcare; you'll find them when you check into your airline. They're all over the place.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We're doing whatever we can to control our environment and FX is obviously one we can't, but we have an ability to control a bit more on the pricing side. So, we currently are, I guess, watching currencies very closely and we've looked at what other multinational companies have done, American multinational companies have done and other competitors and we are actively thinking about adjusting our list prices also.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we only have one competitor really of any size that is in Europe. And it's difficult to say exactly, how they're going to behave in this, but I'd say most of our cost of goods sold are dollar denominated irrespective of geographic location. So buying microprocessors and other semiconductor parts, they tend to be dollar denominated. So even if you might have a higher level of say European labor in there that's a fairly small part. So, I don't think that, I guess, our working assumption is that there shouldn't be a huge difference, but that remains to be seen, I guess, how they react and how they behave, so I can't really speak on behalf of them.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think I'll start and I'll handover to Joe, again. But I'd say first that we highlighted from the beginning when we started to talk about this acquisition that the Enterprise side is more prone to large deals and hence somewhat more lumpy than the traditional Zebra business, which is more run rate oriented. I think we've seen great progression in our pipelines that have been growing with a combination of large deals and more run rate deals. So far, I think we feel that there have been an appropriate focus and understanding of those larger more lumpy deals and where they will fall in the timing. And what we need to do in order to, I guess, control the timeline over them as much as possible. And Joe, do you want to follow on.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So on the printing side nothing has really changed, although we saw one of our competitors acquire one of our smaller – one of our larger competitors acquiring one of our smaller competitors I guess, so they have gained some share, but it's still a very modest share compared to our position. On the mobile computing side, according to independent market research all these numbers are independent market research, it's not our assessment. We have a high 30%, 40% market share. Our nearest competitors probably mid to 20% market share. On the data capture side we have low to mid 30% market share and our nearest competitor is probably about 10% lower there also. So we are the clear market leader in the three largest vertical or product segments that we compete in.
Dean Lindroth: Yeah. No, the $870 million to $890 million is on a nominal basis. Within that, we're seeing Enterprise business relatively flattish. And some single-digit growth in terms of the printer product business, but no, the $870 million to $890 million is on a constant currency – excuse me, on a nominal basis. Excuse me.
Dean Lindroth: On constant currency though you would take the growth rate that we mentioned of 1% to 3% up to about 6% to 8%.
Dean Lindroth: I think directionally we're going to see some continuing trends in regard to the restructuring cost, I think from an integration cost perspective we've probably peaked and we'll start to see that number come down. But I do think on the restructuring basis, there is some additional activities yet to complete and you'll see some additional expenses there, at least in Q1 and potentially in Q2.
Dean Lindroth: Yeah. This is Dean. I think there's two things you want to consider. One is certainly the FX impact, has a dramatic impact on the margins that we're seeing in Q1. The other thing if you're looking sequentially from Q4, recall that Q4 is a stub period for Enterprise, although there was a disproportional amount of revenue in the quarter compared to say their operating expenses which are more linear, so you're going to get a little bit of a bump on EBITDA percentage at Q4 compared to what a more normalized quarter would look like in Q1. But having said that, I would say the predominant difference is the FX impact.
Dean Lindroth: CapEx, just as a reference point in 2014, for the printer business ran around 2.5% of revenue, like $30 million, $35 million. I think as we look forward for the combined company, and we're thinking sort of 2% to 3% in the percent of sales rate, but keep in mind that would exclude integration expenses, integration CapEx would be on top of it, but on a more ongoing normalized basis probably in the 2% to 3% of revenue range.
Dean Lindroth: What we're looking at it is, if you take the fact that we're about 35% of our businesses in the EMEA region, and roughly 90% of that or so is euro or pound affected. And from Q1 a year ago to today versus probably about a $0.24 change in the euro rate. So, we're basically just flowing through net impact of revenue less some adjustment for the fact there are some local operating expenses. So, that's really the math that gets us there, the quarter-on-quarter rate change against about 38% regional revenue exposure, less some offsets with OpEx and then tax affected of course.
Dean Lindroth: I'd say that's a predominant impact. Again, you have three months of Enterprise impact versus two in the fourth quarter, but FX will be the predominant impact.
Dean Lindroth: I don't have that with me. I'd be happy to work with Doug to get that back to you after the call. I just don't have that here with me, my apologies.
