Doug Fox: Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Doug Fox: Thank you everybody for joining us today. We look forward to keeping in touch with you as we progress through 2013. Have a good day.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebra’s results for the first quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes in the performance of Zebra’s operations. First, anticipated sales decline in Europe and Asia-Pacific were partially offset by sales growth, our North America and Latin America regions. Second, gross margin was most affected by product mix and sales volumes. And third, operating expenses increased from higher wages and other employee related expenses as well as exit and restructuring costs. Let’s take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales declined 2.8% from $243.9 million last year to $236.9 million this year. The impact of foreign exchange, net of hedges, was not material. In EMEA, sales declined 10% from peak sales a year ago as expected primarily the result of weak economic conditions in the region. Sales for North America increased 1%. From a product point of view, printer and other hardware sales were down in the region. Supply sales, which include labels, wrist bands and ribbons, remained on a strong year-over-year upward trend. As mentioned earlier, weak sales in the first half of the year triggered inventory reductions by our distributions accounting for most of our difference. In Asia-Pacific, sales were down 1% from a year ago. Manufacturing in Asia-Pacific was affected by economic weakness in Europe, again consistent with our expectations. Latin American sales advanced 4%, benefiting from our geographic diversification and improved manufacturing environment in Mexico. By product category, hardware sales declined 8%, which was partially offset by 14% growth and supplies. While a portion of the supplies growth was due to the LaserBand acquisition, sales of thermal-based supplies were also up. On a year-over-year basis, average printer unit prices declined from $503 to $469 principally because of mix. Product mix and volume also had the largest impact in gross margin. For the first quarter, gross margin was 47.7% compared with 49.2% last year. Operating expenses increased 9% from a year ago; much of the increase was due to higher employment related expenses. Year-over-year, the LaserBand and StepOne acquisitions, which occurred in the second half of last year, accounted for a portion of the SG&A expense increased plus the additional $1.1 million of amortization. Operating expenses also include $1.9 million in exit and restructuring costs, which added 2.4 percentage points to the year-over-year growth as well as $482,000 in acquisition expenses. Quarterly operating income of $20 million plus depreciation and amortization of $7.4 million, totaled $35.5 million of cash earnings or $0.69 of cash EPS. Effective income tax rate for the first quarter was 18.2%. The rate reflects the impact of a greater proportion of our income that is generated in lower taxed regions as well as recognition of a $400,000 R&D tax credit in U.S. Earnings totaled $0.46 per share including a reduction of $0.04 per share per acquisition expenses and exit and restructuring costs on $31.4 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the first quarter, we had $51 million shares outstanding. In total, we generated $22 million of free cash flow, in part by improved management of Zebra’s inventories by $7 million from the end of 2012. The day sales outstanding increased slightly from 64 days to 65 days. During the quarter, we returned $4 million to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. We ended the period with $418 million of cash investments with about $200 million held in foreign accounts. Now, let’s look at our second quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2013 second quarter sales in the range of $246 million to $258 million. Our current deal pipeline backlog in level of activity supported this outlook. Earnings are expected at $0.58 to $0.57 per share on a GAAP basis or $0.50 to $0.70 per share on a pro forma basis before estimated restructuring charges of $0.02 per share. Our forecast assumed the consolidated gross margin in the range of 48% to 49%. Operating expenses are forecasted – are forecast between $79 million and $81 million including the incremental expense from LaserBand and StepOne, but before estimated restructuring charges of $1.8 million. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 21%, which continues to reflect the benefit of our legal entity structure we put in place affecting our foreign operations last year. This concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here’s Anders for some concluding comments.
Mike Smiley: This is Mike, still we list three customers. Our customer A is 16.6%, customer we call B is 12% and customer we call C is 11.9%. In comparison for 2012, a year ago if I look at customer A is 21.5%, customer B was 11% and customer C was 9.7%.
Mike Smiley: Yeah, good question, there is really no FX impact in the first quarter and we are not really expecting much of an impact in the second quarter at all.
Mike Smiley: Yeah, this is Mike Smiley. There is a couple of things that are going on. First of all, we have – we did do those StepOne and LaserBand acquisition, which drove a little bit of our increase. The other thing, I would say, is that when you compare year-over-year right we end up with – we end up giving our withholding and those types of things happened in the first quarter, it happened in both quarters, but we also have the fact that we have had more the raises come out in the first quarter that sort of increases first quarter to first quarter. We also had increase in some headcount over and above the LaserBand and the StepOne acquisition mostly in areas that we are trying to invest and grow, and which is in the sales and marketing and the engineering. For example, engineering resources in China, our supply chain resources in China, and then some sales and marketing resources. So, most of it is really as I mentioned before employee-related expenses.
Mike Smiley: And I think we would classify the results for this quarter lowish, I don’t think this is what we would view is in the – what we were expecting long run.
Mike Smiley: Yeah, we have always kind of said that we view stock buyback as one of the key uses of cash for us. And if you look historically we have retuned quite a lot of cash through stock buybacks over the last five years. I think we reduced share capital by the third. This quarter, we also always said that we want to be opportunistic in when we buyback shares. And in Q1, there was such a strong momentum behind the share price you felt that that there will be chasing the share price up. And we rather have the patience to wait for right opportunities you go back to Q3, 2011 when we bought back 1.8 million shares in one quarter. So, we have I think shown that we are willing to do that in the right opportunities.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Although, the first quarter was challenging, we remained confident in the second quarter and beyond. Near-term, we are experiencing a growing pipeline and the current phase of business should translate into sequential growth in all geographic regions. By consistently following a well-defined strategy, we have continued to extend our industry leadership. Our business execution, financial strength, and innovation have resulted in stronger relationships with more consumers worldwide. As we pursue our growth goals, we will continue to exercise effective control over operating expenses to drive greater efficiencies and direct resources to those areas that will deliver the highest returns in our investment. We will also execute stock buyback and pursue acquisitions for the benefit for our shareholders. Longer term, we are optimistic that meaningful returns on our investments in new incremental areas of growth will become increasingly evident as we progress through 2013. These areas build on the strength and brand of our core business. They also further move Zebra to new adjacencies which are expanding the total available market for Zebra’s products and solutions, such as mobile POS and cloud-based applications to our Link-OS operating system. RFID is another attractive area of growth as customers in a broad range of industries are recognizing the gains in visibility that solutions built around this technology can offer. This week at the RFID Journal Live industry conference, we highlighted two important customers, Vail Resorts and GEA Farm Technologies that are utilizing RFID in innovative ways to enhance the customer experience integrate with social media and increased the productivity and efficiency of operations. At the show, we also announced the planned introduction of our newest passive RFID printer encoder, the ZD500R. This compact desktop unit offers great performance in the small footprint and incorporates Link-OS for enhanced printer operation. We also recently released our Material Flow wireless replenishment starter kit. Utilizing active RFID technology, Material Flow provides a real time visibility on the plant floor, so manufacturers can respond quickly to changes in inventory, production status and customer requests. Material Flow can help to decrease on hand inventories, improve asset utilization and reduce labor costs. To conclude, we continued to have great confidence in our business and the strategy we are following to create shareholder value. Zebra together with our partners is working to build a smarter more connected global distance community. Increasingly the internet of things and other emerging technology trends are creating new incremental revenue opportunities for Zebra. We also remain optimistic about our core business where we are building stronger relationships with key strategic customers and enabling better penetration of established and new industries. Thank you for your attention today. We look forward to providing you with regular updates on our progress through 2013. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, I shall start with RFID. We see continued steady progress on RFID generally. We’ve moved from a few years back primarily testing the technology with our customers to now we are testing the applications and the business case. So, most applications now are more niche oriented they are more closed loop oriented. But we see good traction particularly in retail, but also in other manufacturing segments around particularly around automotive. But it’s still a pretty small part of our business and it is somewhat lumpy as part of that, but we certainly see an upward trend and we have good great confidence that they will become a growing part of our business.
Anders Gustafsson: And I guess I talked about mobile POS, so I guess I would frame that in maybe around more of our total investments we’ve made in growth areas over the last few years. We have a portfolio of investments that we are pursuing. And many of those are more focused on our the core part of our business so expanding into new geographic regions, increasing the cadence of new product introductions that I think has been working out very well over the last few years we feel very strongly that those have helped us to accelerate revenue and certainly accelerate share gain in the industry. But we also have some other investments that are a bit more into adjacencies than the core. Here we talk about some of the software activities we are doing. I guess RFID will be part of that and mobile point of sale is also part of that. And we feel that we are well on track with relative to our own plans for realizing good returns of these programs. But, they are more embryonic, you can say, in some respect, so it will take longer for them to come to fruition. But the pipeline around, as I say particularly mobile point of sales is very attractive. We have quite a few meaningful deals that we hope to be able to close in the second half of this year.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, we are always looking for to invest in the opportunities with the highest risk adjusted returns. And we – our primary first goal for that, top priority is really to invest in organic growth. We think that has the – that is the highest risk adjusted return we can find. Next, we have buybacks and acquisitions, we are active. We are looking at a number of acquisition opportunities, but they must meet our financial criteria and also pass through our strategic hurdles, to make sure that they really do fit the business and are something they have to accelerate our ability to execute on our strategy or better enable us to execute on our strategy.
Anders Gustafsson: So, North America we would say we had a slower start than we expected. The run rate is generally was somewhat weaker than we would have expected. And there was also pure large deal activity going on. I think as we entered Q1 globally, but particularly in North America I think the business community was quite hesitant to commit to spending money in Q2. I think it took longer for most businesses to hand out offering budgets to their business units. And that got us off to a slower start than we had expected. Retail had been a very strong vertical for us in 2012. It was a bit more of a mix bag in Q1, but we do expect retail to be a growth engine for us over the longer term divested this year. The retailers are particularly interested I think investing both in technology to help improve the operations, but also to help improve the shopping experience and built the brand as they have to compete against online retailers, so we have seen a lot of benefit from that. I think healthcare was the other market that we would probably highlight here. There was a bright spot for us. We almost doubled the revenues in healthcare and that was very much a result of the investments, we’ve made in building that vertical over the last 3 or 4 years. Mike anything to add from you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think the Q1 was a bit unusual, generally for us here. The first month of the quarter is normally the slowest, but and we do about 50% of our business in the last month of the quarter. This year and as I think in Q1 particularly Q1 is generally January is particularly difficult to use as a guide for the rest of the quarter because it does take much longer some years for businesses to kind of hand out their budgets. And what we saw in Q1 was kind of globally a pretty weak start from the, but our international regions we are able to recover and bring that business back in the second half of the quarter or particularly in March. In North America that did not happen particularly because some of our distribution channel partners were little skittish about the overall economic situation and did not want to be called out with too much inventory, if the market weren’t going to come back the way we had hoped. So, they decided to bring down inventories quite aggressively.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I think so, we are expecting that the sales in and sales out from our distribution partners will be neutral in the quarter. We are not expecting there to be any – we are not factoring in any changes to the inventory particularly.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, the AUP as we said had been – is driven primarily by mix for us. We had a little less of our high end product line go through and we have done lots of work over the last quarter and the prior quarters. Now, to really try to understand very clearly what is driving it and what are the conclusions from this. And so far maybe the conclusions we have is that the pricing within each of our product family is very stable. There is a very modest price erosion over time. But the – some of our new or more low end products are growing much faster than the historical product portfolio we had. So, we are seeing a stronger growth in the low end of the portfolio and so the mix then becomes lower priced, but we are also spending a lot of effort making sure we are aggressively taking costs out of those products. So, that the gross margin of those products should be kind of within the band of normal as we see at – for gross margins.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, our expectation is that we will launch a similar amount of new products in 2013 as we did in 2012. You will probably see a slightly higher emphasis around software. So, the Link-OS software platform that we talked about here now, we are going to have several releases of that coming out in the year. So, the emphasis would move slightly more towards software, but you should expect a similar cadence on new product introductions going forward.
Anders Gustafsson: Our long-term gross margin target has not changed from prior quarters we say high 40%, so 48% to 50% is our expected target range.
Anders Gustafsson: It would not necessarily explain the slowdown in the sales out of total market, which was quite strong, but it would indicate that that’s where an inventory correction took place.
Anders Gustafsson: First I guess we are giving guidance for the next quarter, we talked about kind of the larger deal pipeline being strong and expecting some good things from that come out, but the focus really of the common zone on Q2. And the guidance we have given is the way we put that together is very much in line with how we put together guidance for like the 23 quarters that I have been part of doing this. And I feel that the booking trends so far this quarter, the pipeline we have, the conversations we have with our customers, which I feel is getting more constructive is lending itself to that to be a reasonable forecast that with the same risk profile, I would say as we normally have in our forecast.
Anders Gustafsson: The way we laid it out at our analyst meeting I think it was March or February 2012 was that we saw a market growth, a base market growth of 6% to 7% based on VDCs independent analyst research. And we said we think we could grow 2% to 3% faster than the market. In 2012, I don’t think we have seen official market data yet, but I am confident that market did not grow, 6% to 7%, but I believe that we grew our market share quite substantially. So, at least that piece of it I think we got right. For 2013, it’s clearly harder to achieve a higher single digit growth for the year, when we have a weak first quarter, but we do feel that the over the next several years, when the markets become even, I would say in last few years, we have had some really good years, and some really crap years, but I think in an normalized economic environment, I believe that we should be able to get into a higher-single digits growth rates.
