Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well and drove solid profitable growth in the first quarter. As you can see on slide 4 we reported net sales growth of 9% or 8% on an organic basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.1% a 20 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.92 a 14% increase from the prior year; and free cash flow of $27 million. We achieved strong performance across Asia Pacific, EMEA and North America. Our team drove growth across the vertical markets we serve and demand remained strong through the channel. Our data capture and mobile computing product categories performed especially well. We also scaled operating expenses while at the same time investing in our employees and initiatives to drive sustainable growth. Additionally, in the first quarter we closed on the acquisition of Temptime Corporation, a leader in time-temperature monitoring which is an attractive growth opportunity for us. Our solid start to the year and leading portfolio of solutions provides us confidence in our outlook for 2019. With that I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results and to discuss our outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So you can see there are many reasons for us to be excited about the mobile computing portfolio.
Anders Gustafsson: I'd say the -- we're not particularly surprised. I think we've expected this and worked for this for a long time. I often kind of joke and say tell people that overnight successes took years to happen and so we've been working on a number of these initiatives and new solutions to enable these changes and this higher pace of change. So we've been at this for a long time, but it may not necessarily become apparent to outsiders how long we've been working at it. It comes across as being maybe we're an overnight success.
Anders Gustafsson: We have not seen any pushouts or any particular softening. The year has progressed very much the way we had expected. So if you go back to 2018 we had a very, very strong growth rate and the annual guidance we've given here is for that to moderate, but I think that has been entirely expected by us and projected. So far, I would say the year is progressing pretty much the way we expected it to.
Anders Gustafsson: First AIT had a good performance in the quarter. We grew on the back of strong supplies performance and within supplies, we had a relative strength within wristband and RFID. The overall printer market had fewer large deals, the large orders in Q1, which also we saw less large deals than we did a year ago. But that was offset by particularly strong run rate business for us. But looking a bit more longer term, we have a very strong and fresh portfolio of smart connected printers with really unrivaled manageability through our Link-OS operating system. That's a great differentiator for us. We've launched a number of new printer products over the last 12 to 18 months, which are being very well accepted by the market and helping to ramp. So we are quite excited about our printing portfolio and the growth prospects we see in the market. Specific to pricing, I'll see if Joe had any comments on that.
Anders Gustafsson: No, we didn't see any pull-ins into Q4 particularly, and there was nothing out of the norm that was going over that channel. The channel inventory is within the normal range of days in the inventory as we set out with them, and the channel performed very well though for us a strong run rate. So it was all good.
Anders Gustafsson: First 3G services are expected to be turned down by 2021. So that would be one driver towards -- upgrading towards between the 4G or 5G devices. 5G rollout we haven't announced when we will have launch our first 5G device. But I would say, we are not highlighting us much, because we don't see it as a real near term or certainly a 2019 opportunity. But longer-term, 5G can have a great impact on our business. It can really make the drive further connectivity at the edge of the network. You can have a lot of different types of devices connected and leverage data including mobile computers or printers and even scanners. So if you think of small warehouses or retail stores that might decide to not implement Wi-Fi going forward, they might just go for a 5G as the connectivity for the store and have all the applications in the cloud instead. So, I think, there's many drivers that can be very helpful to our business based on 5G.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We can't comment really on what our competitors have said or what's been going on with their business. But from a Zebra perspective, we did not see any destocking in the channel in Q1. We managed our days on hand inventory ratios with our distribution partners which is just the ones who hold inventory. The resellers don't hold inventory regularly. We always manage the days on hand ratios very carefully. So we want them to have adequate stock to be able to support the market, but we don't want them to have a more and be I'd say heavy as that impacts their profitability targets and how much they can invest in other programs to help us drive demand. And our sales team is incented on sales out, so there's no particular incentive for them to drive sales in if it doesn't have a clear path to get sold out. So for us the channel performed very well. We had strong sales out data and we saw no signs of destocking.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, Temptime is that we still focus -- was a great acquisition for us. It really helps us in two areas. One, we've talked about supplies as a near adjacency where we are not as penetrated. We don't have the market share that we think we should have. And the other one was around the connecting the digital and -- the physical with the digital, so kind of the EAI aspect of the supplies here. So, Temptime could address both of those. We thought that was very attractive and exciting for us. I'm not sure how many specific opportunities we'll have to do that again, but we -- so I'm not sure I will say this is a trend that we'll see more of those. But we like the supplies business and we clearly like the EAI aspect of this of how to digitize our supplies business.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for a strong first quarter and solid momentum into Q2. We are looking forward to ringing the closing bell at the NASDAQ market site in Times Square tomorrow to celebrate Zebra's 50th anniversary and honoring all who have contributed to our company's growth and success over the past five decades. So have a great day everyone.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us start with the P&L. As you can see on slide 6 net sales grew 9.1% in the first quarter which translated to 7.9% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw growth in each of our reporting segments and across most geographies. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 11.6% led by especially strong demand in data capture and mobile computing products. Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment sales increased 1.2%. We realized strong run rate business which was partially offset by fewer large printer orders in North America than the prior year. Turning to our regions. In North America sales grew 7% driven by double-digit growth in our mobile computing and data capture categories. We saw particular strength in health care and retail. Sales to small and mid-sized accounts remained strong. The EMEA sales increased 9% with relative strength across data capture, printing and mobile computing. We saw broad-based growth across the continent. Retail was particularly strong with continued traction in RFID. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region were up 12% with strength across all major product and service categories. Most countries grew double-digits including China. Latin America sales decreased 3%, primarily due to lower sales in Mexico, due to geopolitical weakness. Adjusted gross profit increased $37 million or 8%. As expected, adjusted gross margin decreased 50 basis points from a strong margin rate in the prior year period, primarily driven by less favorable business mix in both operating segments. We expect favorable year-over-year margins in Q2 and the full year, as I will cover in my outlook commentary. Consistent with one of our principles, adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 100 basis points from the prior year period. We achieved this operating leverage while continuing to make meaningful investments to drive organic growth. First quarter 2019, adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.1%, a 20-basis point increase from the prior year period. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $2.92, a 14% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 7. In the first quarter of 2019, we generated $27 million of free cash flow. This was $71 million lower than the prior year, reflecting increased working capital usage, including higher incentive compensation payouts tied to exceptional 2018 performance. Additionally, as expected, the timing of certain working capital items that benefited the fourth quarter of 2018 had an unfavorable impact on Q1 2019 cash flow. Keep in mind that we are committed to a target of 100% free cash flow conversion, which fluctuates by period due to various short-term factors such as those I just covered. We had net borrowings of $146 million in the first quarter, which were primarily used to fund the acquisition of Temptime. We ended the first quarter with $1.7 billion of debt on the balance sheet. As of the first quarter, we had 1.9 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which is within our targeted range of 1.5 times to 2.5 times. Let us turn to our outlook on slide 8. We expect Q2 2019 net sales growth to be between 7% and 9%, which assumes an approximately 2.5 to 3.5 percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions, and an approximately 50 basis point negative impact from foreign currency changes. We believe Q2 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin would be in the range of 20% to 21%, which assumes a high gross margin both sequentially and from the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.80 to $2.95. We are raising full year 2019 net sales growth to be between 5% and 8%, which assumes an approximately 2 percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions and approximately 50 basis point negative impact from foreign currency changes. Full year 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to be between 21% and 22%, an improvement from 2018 and our prior guide. We continue to drive operating leverage and gross margin improvement in the business. We expect that full year 2019 free cash flow will exceed $625 million. We continue to expect to drive higher EBITDA and unlike 2018, we're assuming that working capital would be a use of cash in 2019. You can see other full year 2019 modeling assumptions on slide 8. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So in the quarter and that was part of our Q1 guide, we had a gross margin rate being lower than Q1 last year. If you remember Q1 last year was a strong margin rate. What expected -- what happened in Q1 as expected was two things. One, the Zebra Retail Solution which is a very -- which is a high-margin business was very focused in Q1 last year. This year this revenue will be spread. The impact on the quarter is about 20 basis points. And then you add some business mix impacting also the margin. Now implied in our guide is that we expect Q2 margin to be higher than Q1 of 2019 and we expect the rest of the year margin to be higher than last year. And if you look at our P&L over the last two years, you have seen that we've been able to scale margin up. We believe that this year would be no exception and we feel comfortable about the levers we have to achieve that goal.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So in the -- at the end of Q1, our leverage ratio was 1.9 times. We have a target. We have said that during our last call target leverage of 1.5 to 2.5. We believe and you can sense that from the remarks from Anders and Joe, we are very excited by our end markets and by our ability to compete. As a result, in terms of capital allocation the priority would be to invest in our business either organically or through M&As. We believe that that would provide us with the best adjusted return. Now share repurchase will become a consideration if we stay below our targeted leverage on a sustainable basis.
Olivier Leonetti: Pretty much as expected at this stage in terms of top line and profitability. And when you look at the quarter also and that has been a theme you see that we have a very diversified business either by region, by product, by vertical. So we think -- we are feeling good about where we are as a company and we are serving important secular trends. So we are feeling good about where we are as a business.
Olivier Leonetti: So, good morning Brian. So your calculation is correct. We feel confident about the numbers you have mentioned based upon the visibility we have and that despite strong comps. And the reasons for this confidence, I'm not going to spend too much time on this, is based upon the strong secular trends we are today serving. In term of large orders, we are not planning for large orders at this stage to be a significant part of our business. And in terms of growth profile between the various businesses, we think mobile computing still being strong. We believe that data capture would be as well stronger performance. But as we indicated before, printing supplies and also services and software are going to contribute to the growth and offer us various avenues to keep growing the company and post good profitability profile.
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe that we have the ability to improve margin and scale OpEx and actually this is an operating principle for the company. We have demonstrated that over the last two years and we are demonstrating that in our guide also this year. To answer to your question, specifically on margin, we are using a series of levers. First of all, COGS levers, how do we optimize our supply chain? So design for value adding more and more combined parts between the various devices. And also we're optimizing the way we price and the way we price to value. And having software, hardware packaged together allows us to sell on an ROI basis rather than just -- not only on price. And on OpEx just to finish my discussion here, we believe that as we are growing the business we are able to add dollars in OpEx, but nevertheless scale. And you saw in the quarter Keith we scaled OpEx as a proportion of revenue by about 100 basis points and we do the same this year as we did over the last two years.
Olivier Leonetti: You're right. We are still -- as again another principle, we are managing cash to ensure that we have a free cash flow conversion of about 100%. We might not need that ratio in every single period. And in Q1 that was one of those. That was expected. Two reasons for this. We had a strong cash conversion cycle at the end of Q4, if you remember Andrew, and that's an impact in Q1. And also we had high incentive compensation payments in Q1, as we paid our bonuses due to the exceptional performance in 2018. But we are driving this business to drive about 100% free cash flow conversion and we have, to your point, some catch-up to do, but we believe we have the plan to do this. So, we are confident about the cash flow numbers we communicated to you Andrew.
Joe Heel: Yes. The Android transition has been a terrific opportunity for us and we do see that continuing in the space that Anders described with about 10 million devices left. Where are those devices? Well, you see that we've -- the core retailers have adopted our solution quite broadly. And now we're seeing the expansion in T&L in manufacturing. The warehouse is really the frontier that we're working on right now as well as mid-tier accounts right, where the larger accounts have adopted now the mid-tier is adopting. And one of the things we're seeing that you can also see in the market is that before a customer can adopt their software application has to be available on Android. And so we've been working hard with ISVs who have come to our program in very significant numbers to help them move their applications to Android and that's I think the indication that the expansion into the warehouse and the manufacturing space is where the Android migration will go next and the rest of those 10 million computers will be what we will pursue.
Joe Heel: I mean as one point of evidence. Almost five years ago, we put forward division of Enterprise Asset Intelligence, right, which is sense, analyze and act. And the automation is a natural part of that and we're just seeing increasing opportunities to bring together all these technologies that we've had in the past and the innovations that we'll bring to market in the future to capitalize on that automation trend.
Joe Heel: Well, I give you two pointers that are perhaps more a mix point, which is on the one hand the higher end of our product range. The tabletop printing range had a strong quarter. If you look carefully in the regional piece, you'll see that Asia-Pacific did well where a lot of the regional printing business in the high-end is concentrated. And another area where mix improvement has helped us is in the supplies business. We've always said that supplies is a growth opportunity, and we've focused recently on making the mix move towards the more profitable parts of that portfolio.
Joe Heel: I'll add one other thing that we're particularly excited about, which is, as Anders mentioned, the flagship product of the Xplore line that we just launched is the L10. We launched it on Windows, and coming up towards the middle of the year is the Android launch of that same product line. That's significant, because one of the big drivers as we talked about earlier of our growth in Android has been our ability to bring our platform, our Android platform and Mobility DNA, and all that differentiating capability we have into the market. And now, we're bringing that to the market in ultra-rugged tablets. There's nothing like that in the market today. And what it provides customers is now a complete portfolio from the refreshed, so this is the other great change that's coming, the refreshed ET50, so there'll be the ET51 and 56 as a semi-rugged Android tablet complemented with now the Xplore rugged tablets also on our Android platform. There's nothing like that in the industry. So we're very excited about that as being a major expansion for the Xplore portfolio.
Joe Heel: Right. So Keith perhaps the way to look at it is if you take those large refreshes from the prior year in our plan we had not expected that those would repeat this year. So our target and that's why Anders said it's performing according to our plan is to grow quarter-on-quarter without those large refreshes. And if you look at that that's exactly what you see. So we're quite pleased with how that's developing.
Joe Heel: Yes. I'm so pleased that you noticed this. This has been a centerpiece of the transformation we've been driving in our go-to-market. And we talked a lot about how we want to bring solutions to market, but not often how we do that and how we do that is exactly as you've mentioned in this example in Latin America highlights. When we take a solution like location solution to market, we spend a lot of time with the auto manufacturer, understanding their workflow and advising them how they can optimize that workflow by knowing where all the parts are. Or when we're implementing a SmartPack solution, we run a pilot and then some intensive consultative work with the customer to help them understand, how that will help them increase in their trailer load efficiency for example. And so this is a centerpiece of what we're doing. We're dedicating close to 10% of our sales force are ready to this type of consultative selling and we expect that only to expand.
Joe Heel: Well, I think the main part that I would highlight is Zebra has been and has increasingly been since at the Enterprise acquisition a channel-centric company. So our channel centricity, the percentage of revenue we do to the channel is well over 80%. And every year since the acquisition that has gone up further. So our partners have noticed this. They have grown faster than the rest of the Zebra business. And not only that, but the registered partners and our largest partners have concentrated a larger portion of business with them. So this has been an attractive value proposition and journey for them. And the changes that we have made recently were intended to make this even more attractive, I would say in two ways. One, is we've introduced some specialization for example in health care and in RFID, we've introduced specializations that allow partners who may not be among the largest partners, but have a specialty capability to be successful and flourish economically and that's attracted new partners to the program. And the second one is there's a great deal of interest among the partners in the solutions that we have been talking about recently. And this has been on the one hand a blessing for us, but we've had to manage it carefully because onboarding partners into these complex consultative solutions conversations is more demanding and we can't do that in as broad based array as we can with products. But for those partners that we've onboarded this has been an attractive additional value proposition they can take to market and differentiate their business. So those have been some trends in the portfolio.
