Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We had another successful quarter executing on our strategy. As you see on slide 4, our team delivered solid second quarter results, including adjusted net sales of $897 million, with organic growth of greater than 6%, which exceeded our guidance range. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.7%, reflecting a 140 basis point improvement over the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.51, a 29% increase over Q2 of last year and $160 million of debt pay down, driven by strong free cash flow and prudent cash management. We accomplished all of this while successfully implementing the last major milestone of the Enterprise integration by going live with our global ERP system. This represents the culmination of 2.5 years of dedication and focus by the entire team and completes our transition to One Zebra. Now turning to the quarterly results; we achieved growth across all regions, led by double-digit growth in Latin America, and 9% growth in North America, driven by high demand for our Android enterprise mobile computing portfolio. In the quarter, we continued to extend our market leadership and delivered innovative solutions to our customers that provide them increased visibility into their operations. We enjoyed significant wins including many large orders for a wide range of our mobile computers and saw, especially, strong demand from our retail and transportation and logistics customers. Delivering strong results for the past two quarters gives us the confidence to narrow the range of our full year sales outlook to the top-end of our prior guidance. In addition, our recently announced comprehensive debt restructuring, lowers interest rates, and drives profitability improvement. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier, to review our financial results in greater detail and to discuss our debt restructuring and 2017 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We are confident in our outlook for the third quarter. We entered the quarter with good backlog and solid momentum. I think we're very well-positioned for growth across the business. We have a very strong portfolio of solutions today. And we also have our Enterprise Asset Intelligence, a new type of solution side. And that's providing great thought leadership for us in the market. So for Q3, we expect growth across all our product lines.
Anders Gustafsson: There are a lot of things. I think we are benefiting from, I think, an improved macroeconomic environment. But also, we have, I would say that, maybe two things to highlight here for Q2 and looking at Q3. One will be, we believe our product portfolio is as competitive today as it's probably been ever across the board. While mobile computing win with our Android all-touch devices. We have a refreshed data capture portfolio, and we have a lot of new printer products that came out, particularly the high end here recently. So, I think we have a strong competitive position with our products. And we've seen particularly strong larger deal activity from our retail and e-commerce customers where we are helping them capitalize on the shift from e-commerce – from, say, traditional retail to e-commerce and omni-channel. We're moving from having been viewed more as a tactical productivity tool to more of a strategic enabler. Somebody who can help them execute on their strategies and some of our new solutions like SmartLens, clearly demonstrates how we can do some of those things and positions us to be a real thought leader in the industry.
Anders Gustafsson: So first, your question was around why our retailers getting on with omni-channel today. Yes, it's fair to say that this is not necessarily a new concept. But I think that there's a few things that have changed, say, in the background to enable this to happen. One is that it requires substantial investments across other things like the ERP systems and other things that need to be put in place to be able to execute on that in the first place. So our technology is not the only technology required for this, but it is an essential part of what's required. And I think retailers have been positioning themselves for this – to be able to execute on omni-channel for some time. And today, I think there's, by and large, omni-channel would be one of the top two, three priorities for most of our brick-and-mortar customers. So it is something that is top of mind for them. So, that would be your first question. On the competitive landscape, I'd say we've always been operating in very attractive markets, strong growth markets that have strong secular growth trends behind them. Our EAI strategy, I think, resonates very well with our customers and expands, say, our footprint. Our team is executing very well on that and expanding our leadership position. All the while, we've been also completing the very complex integration. So from a Zebra perspective, we are very much focused on driving profitable share gains. We want to leverage our unmatched portfolio of new products and our vertical expertise to deliver these new innovative solutions, both devices and solutions like SmartLens, which drives some very substantial market opportunities. We also look at our global channel partner program as a competitive advantage for us. But our environment continues to be a very competitive environment. And there's some – as we talked about earlier, some pockets of promotional activity. But we have a very disciplined yet, I would say, flexible approach to how to deal with that.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I touched on that on the prior questions here. So it was a very strong performance for us retail in both traditional brick-and-mortar and e-commerce was a strong vertical for us in Q2. We've seen our new, particularly Android-based all-touch devices have great traction in that market. Our market share in retail for Android devices is very high. Overall, in total, I'd say, our Android all-touch devices have over 50% share of the market. And that would be – I would say also here the retail or omni-channel type and e-commerce type of opportunities started off as being primarily in North America and maybe Western Europe. We're started those to become much – to see those opportunities go global. So this past quarter, we had great opportunities in Australia, even in China. So it's becoming much more of a global opportunity for us.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. China has always been a competitive market. It's a very important market for Zebra, where we have a strong position. So we have been working on developing some comprehensive go-to-market plans to strengthen our position there. And we're also – we will also be introducing some new enhanced product offerings over the next several quarters to help grow our business further. And I'd say the early signs of our go-to-market plans, the implementation of our go-to-market plans have been very encouraging.
Anders Gustafsson: So, we don't have – I can't give you the exact number of devices we have under management. But let me talk more generally about services. We actually have a strong momentum in services around our Managed Services, and in particular, the Visibility Services that we offer. And we are continuing to invest in that space. We think this service is a great add-on to our portfolio. And it supports our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. The other thing that's important to us about services is that we have been able to continuously improve our margins. And we expect that to continue also.
Anders Gustafsson: The services and software line, I think go back to what Joe said; we certainly have strong momentum around our Professional Services, our Managed Services. So that's around our what we call OVS and AVS, where that's been – those types of visibility service have been very much liked by our customers and we see great demand for those. We could say also we had less devices to repair in the second quarter, which put a damper on the revenue side, but that's kind of good news/bad news. One thing to remember though maybe will be that when we sell a large new mobile computer contract, usually what happens is that that customer had an existing fleet of devices that were under – not under warranty but that we were servicing that under service contract. But in the first year after a refresh, that fleet is now under warranty. So we don't get any service revenue for that.
Anders Gustafsson: You can always do better. But we feel that we've been making good progress on software. If you look at say OVS-as-a-software type of service for us. That's been well ahead of our internal plans. And we have a number of other software initiatives that we're working on. So I think we're making good progress there.
Anders Gustafsson: I'd characterize it kind of in the following way, I think. The run rate business for us is kind of the base on which we work. Then larger deals, we can add on that on top as cream on the cake. So for us, it's absolutely essential that the run rate business performs very strongly. And specifically for mobile computing here, the run rate business were strong. It was actually quite strong and we're seeing good signs that the Android part of the portfolio is picking up steam in the channel. That's part of the run rate. We have enough volume in the market that the broader ecosystem of partners is picking that up and starting to service those accounts also. We were actually quite pleased with the performance of the channel for our mobile computers in Q2. Yeah.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, transportation and logistics, which was started with, I think, was a good quarter for us before that, it continues to be very strong vertical for us. We had some very strong secular growth trends that's going to fueling that growth, not least has been part of the shift to e-commerce and much more parcel delivery that's going out. So for us, T&L would last several quarters, have seen good growth. And we expect it to continue to demonstrate good growth also. We have introduced several new products in the last two, three quarters that are fit very well into the T&L vertical, so both our TC70, TC75 as well as the TC51 and TC56 are well-suited for that vertical and have been well adopted there also. So T&L is an early adopter and a strong driver of our Android growth also. Within T&L, we do have some of our newer EAI type solutions like SmartPack that is both demonstrating some good industry leadership for us, but also have been generating good growth over the last several quarters for us. If you look at health care, that's been our fastest growing vertical over the last several years. The catalyst for that growth has really been focused on the electronic medical health records. So then you'll have, you can say, an electronic database where you can attach other digital information. Our value proposition in health care is strong. It talks both about how we improve patient care, but also how we lower cost and efficiencies. And for health care, again, we've seen growth started to happen outside of the U.S. Health care started off as very much a U.S. led activity. But in the recent quarters, we've seen good wins in Middle East and other parts of Asia. In the past quarter, we also announced our new relationship with GE Healthcare for more flexible and affordable asset tracking solutions in hospitals. That's based on our beacon technologies. We also, in the last quarter, introduced some new health care versions of existing products. So we have a TC51 Health Care and a DS8100 Scanner for Health Care. So, the portfolio is getting to be fuller for more specialized devices for health care. And then lastly, manufacturing, I think the driver in manufacturing is going to continue to be greater visibility in mobility solutions. And in Q2, we featured our Network Connect solution at the ProMat Trade Show. That's the solution we developed with Rockwell to get our printers and scanners, primarily, designed into their ecosystem. I think that's a great offering and very helpful to their customers. And we've seen the pipeline grow for that, quite nicely. Maybe lastly in that vertical, I'd highlight our new top-end, tabletop printers, the ZT600 and ZT500 that we have recently introduced. We expect those to be good drivers for us also in that market.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we would characterize it today as we've seen certain verticals being early adopters of Android. And I would say the two to highlight would be, retail, the postal parts certainly within transportation and logistics but even beyond postal, health care certainly also on but it's a smaller volume, say, than that. But there are some other areas that are not quite as early adopters. And we would expect them to start to deploy more Android-based devices as we go forward here. I'm not sure we want to characterize those verticals or people who haven't yet switched to Android as having a huge upgrade cycle before 2020. Although, we do expect that the vast majority of these, our estimate that 30 million (sic) [13 million] Windows devices that are out there in the market will become – will be upgraded to Android before 2020.
Anders Gustafsson: So, I'll start and, say, maybe Joe can help out here also. So first on mobile computing and the strength we're seeing there, I think your question was about, are we attracting a lot of new customers into our portfolio or into our business versus just refreshing with existing ones? And we have a healthy mix of both. But I can say we have a number of large customers that we – had not been – who had not been using our mobile computers before. So, we've definitely seen us being able to expand our share position on the back of our Android portfolio. Our mobile computing market share position today is as strong as it's been in many, many years. And particularly based on the Android performance we have. So very good news, I think, across all aspects of how it's helping us drive more business. And as part of that also, we have many examples of how the One Zebra plays out, that we can get the good win with new customer for, say, mobile computing. But on the back of that, we were able to position mobile printing and come in with scanners and so forth. We can position the entire portfolio on the back of that. On the software side, I wasn't quite as clear on exactly what the question was, but I'll start and I'll ask Joe to help out here also. But first, as we said, we want to be very careful with software in that we work very closely with our valued reseller partners. And we don't want to compete with them. We want them to think of us as good partners. We're also partnering with a lot of ISVs, Independent Software Vendors, to ensure that we can include all of their applications into our portfolio of solutions that we can offer. It provides great value for them and getting a greater reach, but also enables us to help solve more customer problems. But we have a number of software initiatives going on. I would say the one that probably is the most prominent, maybe here will be around our services, OVS and AVS. So there we have a common Zebra platform. Part of that would be our – set our platform that we talked about some years back that we have used as the core for that. But we also look at things like our Hart Systems solutions or Zebra Retail solutions. That's a great device-as-a-service or another service offering but it's based on software applications that we've written to be able to take advantage of that opportunity and deliver that service. So, that our software solution tend to be more vertically oriented, specifically focused on how to revolutionize how customers are deploying to some of their use cases and workflows. Similarly with Location Solutions, that is largely a software business, which addresses workflows for a lot of our different customers. So, I don't know Joe, if you have any...
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So that's a big topic. That's kind of everything we do to some degree. But it's a good topic for us now also. From an internal perspective, we have worked really hard for two and a half years to go through the integration of the Enterprise business and to get off the Motorola's ERP system and get off all the TSAs. So now we're done with that, I think we're taking a step back to make sure that we are now also offering the right customer experience. It's very important to us that our customers and partners see that we are the best partner for them to work with across a variety of different ways. So we're mapping out a little bit of the customer journey. Now different touch points we have with customers, and how can we make that all better. But some of the bigger ones that we have I would say is around our channel program. That's something that's going to be foundational to how we engage with our partners and ultimately with our end users. And that's been well received by the market. But it's a live document. We always keep looking at how we can make it even better. We have our services engagements, which is a very important part of it also. And we always work on making sure that we can deliver services that meet or exceed the service level agreements we have with our customers across the board. And also, no small part is the portfolio of products we have, right? We have the right solution to address our customers' needs and software and services are certainly part of that. So this is a very broad thing for us and one something we're taking very seriously. We do look at our Net Promoter Scores and try to drive those up every year to make sure that we are delivering the kind of experience that our customers should be expecting from us.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. And to us, it is a number. But it helps us dig into various aspects of other questions there to identify where we might have some weak spots and try to make sure we come up with kind of a closed loop engagement where we go back to those customers or partners and explore what it is they are less satisfied with and make sure we have a good response and we can then modify if it is a program issue or some other performance issue or whatever it is we're doing that isn't fully meeting the mark.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. To that point, we do have a significant training, educational material. So we go out and engage with our through, say, first our distribution partners to help train a lot of our resellers to get made them comfortable and understanding the value proposition of Android versus Microsoft or other operating systems, and understanding our portfolio and how that – where it makes sense to position it. And similarly, we do that with end-user customers, too. We have a number of partner advisory councils and end-user councils where we also discuss how can we best do those things. But we see it as the market leader as part of our job is to educate the market on the direction we see and how it's developing.
Anders Gustafsson: To that point, we introduced at LifeGuard. I think it was in the beginning of Q2. That is an enhanced service for our Android devices where we can provide security patches and other bug patches for the life of the device. So otherwise, if you think of more into consumer world, that tends to be you support the current and then maybe one or two older versions of the operating system. We are supporting much further back because we know that our customers are expecting to use those products for much longer. This is not a throwaway product that can be in the market for five years. And we want to make sure that we can provide the similar level of service for them throughout the use of those devices. And that's a differentiated offering that makes it very sticky.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Pricing, so as I said earlier, we are in a competitive market. We have to be thoughtful about how we price. We certainly always try to make sure we have a disciplined, yet, very flexible approach to that. We don't want to lose deals on price but we certainly don't also want to win deals on price. We are always striving to have a premium for our products. We think that we have the best portfolio in the industry. And as such, we should have a premium to other competing solutions. It is our understanding and belief based on the market research we do that we tend to have a premium. It's not infinite. But there was a premium. And we worked very hard to make sure that we are very thoughtful about how we price and how we make sure that we offer our customers a fair and attractive offer, but also one that allows us to continue to invest in the business and generate a return for our shareholders.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Paul. We believe that after the successful implementation of our ERP that we have the opportunity to drive synergies further. It's to a large extent, actually, reflected in our EBITDA margin, Paul.
Olivier Leonetti: We think that this is going to be an ongoing process. You will start to see the benefit of those productivity initiatives in the second half of this calendar year. And more will come next year as well.
Olivier Leonetti: Paul, an additional comment. We have been able to compete very well up to now despite having to manage successfully a very complex integration. So a big change now is going to be – that we're going to be fully dedicated to externally and fully dedicated to compete in the market, Paul.
Olivier Leonetti: And finally, Jim, to conclude, we believe that the service and software lines would grow faster than the company average.
Olivier Leonetti: So, the answer is yes. And your characterization of the first quarter, Jim, is correct. So based upon the stronger big mix than expected we had in our quarter, our margin was lower. But overall, we ended up with a margin, which is in line with what we would have expected. Our run rate gross margin, which is something we look at very closely, has been strong for a period of time and was strong in the quarter. And as well we have a very strong pricing governance process in the company. And that delivers – that allows us to deliver a balanced margin profile. And to answer to your second question, we expect the gross margin in second half, the gross margin rate to be indeed stronger.
Olivier Leonetti: It would impact gross margins on the one-to-one basis. And you will have some dilution on Op Inc as we will increase incentive compensation because of that amount. It would mainly, Keith, flow to the bottom line.
Olivier Leonetti: So the impact of the reversal had an impact on the margin and on the operating income, but the rest of the portfolio was also strong. Even if you strip that out, you would see that the performance in the quarter from a margin standpoint or EBITDA standpoint was also strong.
Olivier Leonetti: We haven't changed our tax guidance. We believe that we should guide in the low to mid-20% range. And I would advise you to take that as a planning and modeling assumption, Keith.
Joachim Heel: This is Joe Heel. One thing I would add is, the transition in retail, it was at the core of your first question, is also coming at the very time that the technology that we are offering and that the retailers are deploying is changing to Android-based environments, which both offers the retailers new functionalities, but it also is a compelling reason for them to transition at this particular time to embrace that new operating system environment.
Joachim Heel: Maybe two other characterizations I would add is that the retailers tend to have a purchasing behavior where large refreshes are done at one time. And certainly in the second quarter, several of these very large refreshes have occurred and have driven a large part of the retail business. The second thing I think we were undoubtedly seeing is that we are moving our position with the retailers from being a productivity tool to being more of a strategic enabler. If you look at the agendas that they are pursuing, the offerings that we have are central to some of the transformations that they are trying to accomplish, for example, around omni-channel. And one example that I would give you is the offering which we released at NRF, called SmartLens, which we think is a true demonstration of industry leadership of how workflows and operations in retail can transform with the help of the technology we're offering.
Joachim Heel: Yes. I think the other thing to note is as we're looking at China in particular, we are cycling a prior year that was extremely strong, right? We had double-digit growth in the first half of the last year in China. And this year, we have that compare to deal with. That said, as Anders mentioned, we have some aggressive plans underway to build on that further, and we're quite confident that we're on the right path with that.
Joachim Heel: Software is essential to our Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy, right? But, yet, we're being quite strategic with where we invest and then deploy in software because we also have a large partner ecosystem. And our software and the developments we're doing is designed to enhance that partner ecosystem and really support our partners in offering their own capabilities alongside ours. OVS, as Anders mentioned, is a great example of a cloud-deployed software environment that we invested in, that our partners can then build their offerings around. So we're actually quite pleased with how those are being accepted in the marketplace.
Joachim Heel: In particular, we have – of course, the regions are quite different, right? In terms of how we deal with the channels in each of the regions. But to give you one example in North America, we had a very strong share in the distribution for our mobile computers and across our portfolio. So we're quite pleased with how the run rate has developed in North American distribution to give you one example.
Joachim Heel: One addition perhaps. I think we've said this in prior calls is in retail in particular but also more broadly in the market, you have large customers who adopt the technology and lead to individual large purchases. But you also have the channel-based business. And what we've seen is that the large customers have been the early adopters. And so many of the deals that we've seen in particular in Q2, have been of that variety and have benefited us. We still expect that the channel-based business, smaller transactions will catch up and will have an equally high share of Android come into play in the quarters to come. And that will then provide – drive our business going forward.
Joachim Heel: Yes. I mean, perhaps one thing that's helpful in thinking about our software business, that's creating some interest out there, is to think about four different levels at which we are bringing the software to market. The first one that's been out there for some time is where we're augmenting our devices. Those would be things like we write software that makes them easier to deploy into customer environment. We write software that allows you to do a voice communication on a device like our Workforce Connect client. A second level is within building platforms that provide functionality over and above the device but using information from the device. What Anders mentioned, our OVS is a cloud-based platform that provides customers visibility into those devices in real-time, at any given point in time and at any place. And also provides a great platform for our partners to write applications too so that they can offer their own capabilities. The third level, which is the one we're carefully moving into is the level of applications. So on these platforms, you can now write applications that provide entirely new functionalities. Take for example the SmartLens platform that allows a retailer to have visibility to all of their inventory and activity in their store. You can imagine applications of many varieties, loss prevention or inventory management, omni-channel fulfillment. We are creating some of those to feed the market. But we're also working closely with partners to have them build a lot of these applications. And then the fourth level, as Anders mentioned, are what we would call solutions like our Location Solutions offering where the software is an embedded part of the total offering. The customer doesn't really buy the software, the hardware, the service, but they buy a total outcome that is enabled by the software. Those will be the four that might characterize the business.
Joachim Heel: We actually have a very disciplined and broad-reaching program around NPS in the company that the sales forces are engaged in. It covers both customers and partners. And we use it as a tool to then dig into where do we have opportunities to improve, on an ongoing basis. So NPS for us is a core metric.
Joachim Heel: But I would see the dynamic around Android in regards to stickiness is a little bit different than you described, right? So we are working hard and moving aggressively to get customers onto the Android platform for the well-known reasons around that. Now when the customer decides to go to the Android platform, currently, we do have an advantage in doing that. We have a broader portfolio. We have very well performing products. We have a great set of tools and capabilities around those. But we have to be also aware of the fact that Android is not exclusive to us, right? Android is open in the market, and therefore, once a customer moves to Android, then also other Android competitors can go and pursue that. That means for us, we have to stay ahead and it's our strategy to stay ahead through the value-added that we've been talking about, right? Superior Android environment, better security, better operating environment, software capabilities and services that's around that. That's the way that we can then keep the customer sticky to our solution once they make the Android transition.
