Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra’s latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions. Let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Doug Fox: Thank you everybody for joining us today. Just as a reminder, our next quarter – schedule quarterly conference call will be on November 4th. So everybody have a good day. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so we have had sometime to look at those numbers, and we were aware of what Motorola’s we’re going to say I think generally on their call. The underperformance as far as we can understand is driven by some performance issues around supply chain execution, some other integration execution issues around [indiscernible] and sales execution in Asia with some demand whereas they see it. We’ve looked at those issues stay, they do seem to be something that are fixable with a good amount of focus and, we obviously have we will apply our singular focus to the business of being, a larger company in the enterprise asset intelligent space. And we believe the underlying markets are performing quite well and Q3 should be a stronger quarter, they mentioned I think on their call that they have better backlog had a lot of new good wins particularly on the android devices to the – at the beginning of the quarter. So, we remain very excited about the overall acquisition and confident in our ability to generate good attractive returns for shareholders.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we think that’s a fair target for us. We believe we are not prepared to change that at this stage. And we have, we believe that we have a strong track record in – around execution, and how to really focus our execution on driving value and that’s sort of something we will be doing as we go forward.
Anders Gustafsson: So the, I think on a global basis we think about 25% of our revenues come from retail. So that’s the broader number has been fairly steady is probably gone up a little bit this year with, as we’ve seen a retail being one of our strongest performing verticals. But it’s not radically different from what has been historically and maybe Mike can provide some extra color on the warehousing and other things.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, the – so first we’re very excited about the opportunity. We think it’s a great example of highlighting the Internet of Things or enterprise asset intelligence for us, and how we can really bring this ability to operations, which is a physical world and tie that back into applications and internet. So the – we’ve been working with NFL for a quite a long time to pilot the systems last year and then start rolling it out this year, the initial agreement here is to implemented in 17 stadiums. So it’s first and foremost al the stadium that have Thursday football night games, but all teams would be part of that so this is put in that they’re widened. Our expectation is that we will rule it out for all the 31 stadiums later for this year also. We aren’t going to comment on the commercial terms particularly here, but we are excited about the opportunity and the revenue will start hitting second half of this year. The process I think the big opportunity to take this beyond the NFL. We have already made an announcement about Michael Waltrip Racing in May for NASCAR, they use it both for practice and for pit crew for evaluating pit crews and get more efficiency at the pit crews. But, we also have it on a ladies soccer team in China, Hockey team in Russia. We have lots of conversations now with basically all major leagues to see how they can take advantage of our sports analytics packages. So, I think that there will be lots of other types of sports doing this and going after also the practice fields for NFL and I would say one of the biggest themes that I hear when I – we talk to professional football leagues particularly is around how to get more people to attend the games and when they do attend the games and provide some enhanced value. So, part of what we can do with our solution is that we can provide new experiences for people who are at the games and we can also allow fans to engage with their teams in between games. So, you can do a fantasy football or other things that can be shared in a totally different way. So, I think from a sports franchise perspective, this is a great way of really having a much closer relationship with their fans and help that to improve their franchises.
Anders Gustafsson: So, I’ll start and then I’ll ask Mike Terzich to amplify a little bit here. First on the channel inventory, it’s very healthy today. There is no abnormalities, I guess to say, our channel inventory, we feel it’s an appropriate level across the globe. Large deal activity has been and run rate business continues to do well. Our run rate business is strong, whereas the majority of our business, large deal activity has obviously picked up quite nicely this year, it will be started in the second half of last year and continue through the first half and we see strong pipeline across the globe for the second half of this year. So, we feel the business is in good shape and we comparatively very well positioned also.
Anders Gustafsson: So, Brazil is an important point of that America, but Mexico is the largest country for us in Latin America with Brazil being the second one. I would say over the last several years, the Latin American market has become more diversified for us, we’ve seen great growth in countries like Columbia. Chile has been another one. So, other markets are growing faster than some of the largest markets and that’s being very nice to see. Brazil has always been a bit more volatile for us, last year we had a tougher comp. We had a large deal that didn’t repeat itself in this quarter. And our belief is that the World Cup didn’t help the business momentum in Brazil, but we still believe Brazil is a good market for us and that there’s going to be a lot of demand for our products there.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we are very bullish on the supplies business, we first I’d say it’s a very, very large market and we have a very small market share. In North America, we are the most penetrated and it’s been a high growth market – business for us here. But, if you look at markets like Asia Pac and Latin America, we are just starting to work on healthcare products there. And we’d had, actually the strongest growth in the quarter for supplies was from a Asia Pac and Latin America. And another area which we think still has lots of growth opportunities for us for supplies is in healthcare or wristbanding and other labeling for healthcare.
Mike Smiley: Yes, so the – this is Mike Smiley. First of all, I think as we’ve had some time to sort of dig into the numbers. We’ve been able to spend sometime on the cost of goods sold and we are – as a result of that we see ourselves going from the 100 million to 150 million. I would say also we’ve been spending a lot more time sort of thinking through our plans of how we execute on those synergies. And as a result, we think that the run rate when we get into 2017 will be roughly as $150 million better half than they were in 2013. So that sort of the direction that we’re putting together and feel – we feel confident about that.
Mike Smiley: So, we’ve said the second half of the year is we’ve working very hard in closing that transaction, our first priority and I think Mike will talk, Mike Terzich can talk to that is to make sure that we are able to continue to satisfy our customers when we close that acquisition and so as we do that we’re trying to be focused in having a clean close. And so we said that second half of the year and we’re confident that’s what we’ll do.
Mike Smiley: Yes, this is Mike Smiley. I don’t think we have, we’re still working on exactly when that’s going to fall out. We do think that there is a meaningful portion that comes in the first year, but maybe more towards the back-half of the first year. But, again, I think the big reason for the increase from 100 to 150 is again, because of looking at our raw material cost. And then the other piece is the fact as we look through the activities that help us achieve the 150 outside the parts cars. We the ability to do those a little sooner than we had expect, I will tell you, when we did the $100 million, that was our best estimate at that time. So, I think the 150 is a more studied view today. But we’re – it’s a little bit premature to give you a better view as exactly when that’s going to fall out year-to-year.
Mike Smiley: I guess Keith what I don’t want to do and I can’t really tell you exactly the math that makes up the $100 million that something you have to ask MSI on. But, and so our numbers is basically looking at the starting point of what we see for 2013 and looking for what we see as an optimal organization going forward as well as understanding opportunities in reducing the cost of our material. So, it’s not really reconciled off of the $100 million that MSI gave us and by the way, I think standard cost is a definition, which sometimes can give the idea that these are cost that our and our business and we’re going over. But, some of these costs were really never coming over and not sort of expected to be a burden to our P&L. So, I think if you try to reconcile those two numbers that maybe difficult to do.
Mike Smiley: I would say also the refresh tends, or large deals are often refreshed, but not always refreshed. And we do penetrate more deeply into some of our existing accounts with large deals and I would say this quarter we had some very nice large deals in manufacturing in China going into local domestic Chinese manufacturers who both are, high-end Exide printers. So we still certainly continuing to drive further penetration into all our verticals in the global basis and that’s a good, provides a good growth opportunity for us.
Mike Smiley: Yes.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: And one last one for you on the product innovation side, the Zatar integration iBeacon just wondered if you could comment on how that’s going? Thanks.
Mike Smiley: And so Zatar in general we continue to be very excited about the opportunity that it offers. Our pipeline is growing and we continue to work on expanding our the functionality of Zatar. Beacon is one application that we’ve seen a lot of interest around, it’s primarily I would say two used cases, one is in retail where the beacon and it can be used to do locationing of shoppers in the store and help push couponing and other things to them. And we can do that with Zatar in different ways, you can either use your smartphone for this, which is how beacon solutions work or we can put it up on a more common screen, which is quite unique what we can do. We also see in used cases whether it’s in healthcare to pour, say helping to direct somebody who comes in at the to general incur desk and when I find radiology and they can use a beaconing technology to guide them to how to walk through the maze of the hospital.
Mike Terzich: No I think the only, I guess the only other point to that Keith is, the second half is rapidly advancing in, likely positioned for us is going to be fourth quarter on that close. And to Mike’s we’re hard at work right now in the middle of lots of detailed integration planning to make sure we could stand that business up and run it effectively on day one.
Mike Terzich: Brian now I think Anders is right on the market. It’s about 25% globally it’s different in each of the geographic regions. We’re enjoying certainly a very robust retail outlook and performance in North America, we’re seeing Europe come back online and the smaller regions Asia Pacific, Latin America it’s a little bit much more of a trailing effect, little bit of lift in Asia given the rising little class phenomenon that’s underway. As far as the application space a lot of what we’re seeing has been more in line with the traditional applications where Zebra has been a little bit more in the isle backup store, backup room there has been a long overdue somewhat boring out the necessity requirement to refresh some ageing technology. And that certainly has been put into play and I think that’s what we’re seeing in the numbers.
Mike Terzich: Michael, just couple other points on that. That is correct. I think the pipeline has increased in both value and volume in every geographic regions that we serve, most notably North America and Europe, but we also have a very strong pipeline that has been evolving in Asia Pacific, specifically Asia more around manufacturing vertical and the TNL market has been very robust in Asia as it continues to expand. In Europe it is nicely balanced that pipeline has some opportunity in the retail space, in the TNL space and in healthcare and in North America as we said earlier on the call it’s been driven by quite a bit of retail refresh, but also the TNL spaces got the nice opportunities as well. So, we’re feeling at this stage in the year, we’re in really good shape and to Anders earlier point run rate remains solid in all geographic regions and inventory levels are in very good position.
Mike Terzich: Keith this Mike Terzich. I think you’re correct, I think certainly in the past quarters we talked to the point of the refresh cycle. From an experience perspective, we know that the cycles labs hard to say, hard to predict how long they run. Historically they’ve run longer, than the one we’re in right one. But we also know that market dynamics have changed a little bit relative to some of the globalization and some of the competitive issues. So at this point, I would say that the balance in the quarterly performance shifted on us, a little bit away from the run rate and a little bit more towards the deal opportunity, which is not uncommon, if you look at the surge we’ve seen in the Europe and the robust outlook we have in North America. We’re enjoying the deal activity on top of the run rate, but we seen a little moderation in the run rate.
