Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you see on slide 4, we delivered solid results in the fourth quarter, thanks to strong execution by our team and disciplined cost management. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $944 million at the high-end of our guidance range, with organic growth of 3.5%. We drove gross margin expansion and reduced operating expenses. And we achieved a 19% adjusted EBITDA margin, reflecting a 310 basis point improvement over the prior year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.93, a 48% increase from the prior year period. A few additional highlights during the quarter include solid growth in our largest region, North America, led by strength in retail; a record quarter in our mobile computing, led by the strongest product launch in our history with our new TC51 Mobile Computer; a return to growth in our printing business; and sales growth in our Latin America region in a very challenging macroeconomic environment. For the full-year, we paid down $382 million in debt, significantly exceeding our goal of $300 million. This was driven by increased earnings, excellent working capital management and proceeds from the sale of our non-core wireless LAN business. As a result, we are well on our way to exceeding our two-year goal of $650 million in debt pay-down. We have seen steady improvement over the past year. We returned to organic sales growth in the fourth quarter after a challenging start to 2016, while also driving improved profitability and cash flow. At the same time, we have been extending our leadership position by continuing to deliver innovative solutions that create value for our customers. As shown on slide 5, our improved performance was a direct result of the successful execution of our strategic priorities in 2016. First, we gained market share and grew margin and profits in an improving global environment, while also prudently managing our cost structure. While we have seen pockets of elevated promotional activity, we have remained disciplined yet flexible in our approach. In our services business, we delivered solid gross margin expansion and low single-digit organic sales growth by successfully executing on our operational plan. Zebra's positioning with customers and partners remains unmatched. We announced a number of new offerings that further differentiated us as the leader in Enterprise Asset Intelligence or EAI. Key introductions throughout the year include refreshed and strengthened mobile computing and data capture devices for warehouse, storefront and field mobility use cases. These devices have enhanced capabilities and applications that enterprises require to optimally run their operations. Our mobile devices are supported by Zebra's Mobility DNA suite, which layers enterprise-rich features on top of the standard Android platform. As a result of our early strategic investments in Android, we are ahead of the competition and have the broadest portfolio in the industry. Today, nearly half of our mobile computing shipments are Android-based devices. With more than 14 million legacy Windows-enabled mobile computers in the market today, Zebra has a significant opportunity to gain additional share over the next several years, as Microsoft phases out support of its legacy mobile operating system. In 2016, we launched Asset Visibility Services or AVS as an extension to our OneCare managed service portfolio. Designed to increase mobile computer and printer performance, AVS offers insight into device health, utilization and availability, resulting in increased productivity and operational efficiency. We also introduced Trailer Load Analytics, which enables our customers in the transportation and logistics space to monitor and optimize load efficiency. Second, we continue to successfully manage our overall cost structure through tight controls on spending. With regard to our investment in the business to drive growth, we have employed a disciplined R&D process focused on identifying opportunities with the highest potential to strengthen our core portfolio and EAI solutions. Third, we made excellent progress on improving free cash flow, lowering operating cash levels and retiring debt balances. Finally, we are harnessing the strength of the Zebra brand to further extend our leadership position in EAI, and we are delivering on our financial objectives. Upon execution of our global ERP implementation, which is scheduled for mid-year, our transition to One Zebra will be complete. With that, let me now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and provide our 2017 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Sure, I'll start here. So, first on the outlook, we ended 2016 on a position of strength. We saw great momentum build throughout 2016. We obviously had a tough start, but momentum continued to grow and 2016 ended strongly, right. And that momentum, I think, has been continuing into the first part of 2017. All four regions did perform very well in Q4, and our products – also all our product families performed well. And I think we are well positioned to continue to drive growth here. So, I think we entered 2017 with the strongest product portfolio we've had in a very long time, and I feel very good about the competitiveness of our solutions. And we're getting very good feedback from our customers and partners on both the line-up of solutions that we have, as well as the progress on the integration, as we're working our way through that. As we entered 2017, we also had a higher backlog than we had last year. So, that gives us an extra confidence, and a robust pipeline of new opportunities. So, based on all of that, I feel that our 2017 outlook is prudent as we see things today. And as you look through the year, maybe the comps get a little tougher, but we feel that this is a prudent and good outlook. But we also see that we have a very strong foundation from which we can grow and continue to extend our leadership. And do you want to...
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. What I was going to say on that one was – we certainly recognize that software will become a more prominent part of our portfolio. So far, we have created a software organization and a software BU within the company. It's a smaller organization today, but we're looking to make some smart investments to both – gain some greater knowledge and put some investments behind some very compelling opportunities. We are certainly looking – if you think of our mobile computing platform around Mobility DNA as an example also, we have – we are doing a lot things around software to make sure that our devices are as smart and connected as they can be, so we can use them to both generate data to fuel other type of applications and use cases. And on the printing side, I'd say one of our biggest differentiator is Link-OS, which is our real-time operating system, which makes the printer a smart and intelligent network device or network citizen. So, we are working on developing more use cases and more applications that we can satisfy by – that are closely related to our devices.
Anders Gustafsson: So, I'll start first with maybe more like setting the context around EMEA, and then Olivier will follow-up with the specific numbers for you. But the underlying trends in EMEA has been very positive. We had a rich mix of wins with existing and new customers in Q4. Retail was strong. T&L was also strong. The TC51 Mobile Computer launch went very well in Europe, and we had some big wins with important customers there. So, as we look at 2017, we do expect to continue to see positive trends as we go out the year and continue to drive growth from Europe.
Anders Gustafsson: Let me start by giving you a sense of a little bit more broadly maybe on the outlook here. So, we ended 2016 strong and we see that momentum coming in. Well, we are well positioned for growth across our regions and with our products. The business is quite diversified, and we have a number of different avenues or levers to pull to achieve growth. There are areas of the business that I consider to be somewhat under-penetrated, I would call, supplies, services and healthcare to be some of those. And I would say also our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision, that's something that is compelling to customers and generates a lot of interest, and we have a number of new attractive offerings in that area. So, when we go back and look at our 2017 outlook, I think it is prudent based on everything we know today. There's obviously some level of upside or downside, however you look at it, that can happen. But as we see things today, we think that this is a prudent outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Our Q1 outlook is strong for all regions and I'd say all product families. So, I think the strong momentum we had in Q4 is carrying into the first quarter here also. And the strengthening on, say, a percentage year-over-year growth also has to do a little bit with we had a weaker compare in Q1 of last year.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, first PartnerConnect, we launched PartnerConnect, our new channel program, in Q2 of last year. It's now been basically working for nine months or so. We're very pleased with how it's gone. I think it's been well received as a good structure, a good program. We were able to gain share of wallet with our channel partners through 2016. And like I say, I'm quite pleased with that, because going through all the complexities of our integration and be able to gain share at the same time, I think is quite an achievement. And so, yeah, so the channel program I think is working very well. The second part – I forgot the second part of the question.
Anders Gustafsson: Inventory levels, yeah. So, we target about 50, 55 days of inventory with our channel partners. And we've stayed close to those targets for the year, and we've entered 2017 with an appropriate inventory position with our distribution partners across the world. So, we feel that's healthy. It's good.
Anders Gustafsson: So, our markets have always been competitive, right, so that's not new. And I think we've mentioned we've had the same concept of some pockets of elevated promotional activities in earlier calls also. And our approach continues to be one where we're trying to respond in a very disciplined way. We want to have flexibility to go after deals that we think are worth winning and that we need to win, but we do it with a strong focus on driving profitable share gains. That's our – we gained share in the past year, but our – the one metric, say, that we're trying to really maximize is to drive profitable growth and maximize the value of the Enterprise over the long-term. So, we want to make sure that we are prudent in how we pursue those things and disciplined in our approach.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Retail has always been a strong vertical for Zebra, and I think we're very well positioned to capitalize on the transformation that's currently going on, driven by e-commerce and omni-channel. Our traditional, say, brick-and-mortar customers are recognizing the need for them to invest more in our type of technologies to drive improvements and enable them to compete against e-commerce. So, investments to drive greater customer experiences, enable different delivery modalities such as buying online and pick up in-store, but also to drive just greater efficiencies to enable them to compete on price with others. And we also see – and we have had several, I think, large retailers in the U.S. publicly talk about their strategy of stepping up investments in technology to do just that. We also see traditional e-commerce players investing meaningfully in our type of solutions to enable them to scale efficiently and also to be able to offer new customer offerings. So, I think that bodes well for us. And our portfolio to address retail, both brick-and-mortar and e-commerce, is very strong. The TC51 Mobile Computer that we launched in Q4, that was the fastest ramping product in the history of the company. It really was a great success for us. And at NRF, we also showed a couple of other products that you might have seen, so like MP7000 (44:26), it's a flatbed scanner that's very competitive, that's coming out this year, and the SmartSense solution that Joe also referred to here. And also, I'd say we feel good about being able to add additional customers through the year. So, in 2016, we added a lot of new customer names, both traditional brick-and-mortar customers as well as e-commerce customers. And I guess this all gives us confidence that momentum will continue into 2017.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think I will say that we have – we are essential for retailers. If retailers want to implement an omni-channel type of strategy, I think that getting that increased visibility into what their – the in-store visibility, being able to effectively guide people to do the pick-up and the self-checkout and so forth in the store are capabilities that are essential for them to have. And we do offer that. Now, many things that retailers do are broader projects, and we are not the only thing that's in it. So, there are certainly other solutions that goes into that too. But I do believe that we are considered to be a strategic partner to many of our largest retail customers, because they see the value and the essence of what we do. Maybe, Joe, you can add something.
Anders Gustafsson: No, for Q1, I think we tend to give you an outlook for the company, and we give you some color for each of the regions. I think we've gone through some of the regions here already this morning and for the products. But we don't really break it down by all its components.
Anders Gustafsson: But to give you a little bit more color maybe as to – our supply chain is probably very similar, I suspect, to most electronics supply chains. So, we have a significant footprint of manufacturing and also assembly in Asia, but we also have it in Mexico. And we have all our converting and a lot of our services activities in the U.S. But that only – that gives you kind of the current footprint. There are certainly things that we can do to mitigate any impacts of any border-adjustment taxes, but we still don't know what they look like or anything. But we are working on how would we respond to various scenarios.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, the TC51 is a – we think of it as a mid-range Android all-touch device. It certainly met an unmet – or satisfied an unmet need in the market, because otherwise we wouldn't have had that kind of launch or that kind of ramp, right. So, I think we got it right from a form factor, from a functionality perspective. We got kind of the latest and greatest operating system drop (53:04), chipsets and so forth in there. So, it was a very compelling product when it came out, and we're seeing – still seeing very good feedback from customers about it. We were down at the HIMSS this past week also, which is the healthcare show, and had a great interest from healthcare providers in that product. And we're coming out with a special healthcare version of the TC51. But the Q4 launch was primarily aimed at retailers, so mostly say brick-and-mortar retailers who are working on omni-channel type of solutions, and also to help them to have a more compelling customer experience by arming their sales associates with better tools to engage with their customers.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Maybe one more point to say also there's been a lot of conversations or concern over the years around consumer encroachment, and the TC51 certainly – I think the first customer we had was a very large consumer device user, where we were able to basically win them to switch over to our devices. So, I think we – this is a great way for us to compete against the consumer devices also.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We still think 4% to 5% growth rate or the target is an appropriate target for us over the cycle. If you look at our performance over the last two years, we have actually hit that level. It didn't kind of come exactly the way we had expected. So, we had almost 10% in constant currency growth in 2015, and we were just a tad of growth in 2016. So, our business is a bit more cyclical than we might enjoy, but it tends to drive it towards a good number over time. But again, we feel we have a good diversified business with many avenues and levers to pull in order to achieve our growth. And generating the kind of growth we did in the last two years, while we were going through a very complex integration, I think is a testament to our execution. And we still feel that that's an appropriate target for us and that's what we're going for.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll start and then Joe can help out here also, who talks to customers even more frequently. I'd say the momentum around the Android migration is continuing strongly or strengthening. If you remember, two years back, when we first merged our businesses, at that point, there was the largest, most-advanced customers that were doing it. I think now we see – depending on the vertical, but retail, I'd say, all large deals in retail tend to be Android today. Healthcare is very much moving in that direction. So, we're seeing greater traction in our channel with Android, but we always talked about how the largest, most-advanced customers will be leading the charge and that smaller customers won't have necessarily the resources or the know-how to switch as quickly, and that's still the case. If you go down into smaller companies, they're probably more likely to continue to buy what they already have. But we are putting together a different type of both educational material and other offers to make it as easy as possible for customers to switch. If you go back to the TC8000 device that we launched for kind of warehouse applications in the beginning of 2016, that was the first generation of Android device in that environment. That means that our customers have to rewrite and (1:00:10) some of their applications to run on that device. So, the barrier to early adoption is a bit higher. But once you start having – move your applications over, now it's much, much easier to just continue to expand and use a broader part of our portfolio in those areas.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, we see that as an opportunity for Zebra today in – some conversations around retail, where they've been trying to do certain things and automate certain things. And when that has happened, it's invariably led to more use of our type of technology in order to enable that kind of automation. So, we see that we are in the central part of enabling a warehouse or a factory, whatever that is, to be much more automated. Some of the things that we're working on for release later this year or in 2018 are specifically aimed at making people much more effective and efficient in how they do their jobs in those types of environments.
Joachim Heel: And perhaps to add and point out some of the things that were mentioned earlier, that our proof points of the importance of software and services as we evolve towards solutions around Enterprise Asset Intelligence, we mentioned the launch of OVS and AVS, which are services that we are now providing to give visibility to the status of our devices, which enables our customers to manage them in a much more effective way. We also mentioned the SmartSensing (34:10) solution, which was launched at NRF, which is a combination of hardware, software and services needed in order to provide retailers with visibility. And another example was the TLA solution that we're providing to logistics customers, again, one that includes hardware, software and services needed to optimize doctor (34:33) operations. So, those are some examples of how we think that software and services are central to our long-term targets for growth.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. Also, bear in mind that our go-to-market strategy inherently is one of partnering. So, you will find us, in many cases, partnering with many of those solution providers that either provide checkout solutions or payment solutions. And indeed, if you look at many of the most prominent solutions that were showcased at NRF, you'll see that there's either a Zebra inside or there's a Zebra partnership involved there. So, that's deliberately part of our strategy.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. I would add two things in terms of the pent-up demand opportunity that I think TC51 squarely hit. On the one hand, retail and the need to compete with e-commerce that this device enables in a number of different directions. On the other hand, bear in mind this transition of operating systems, which is still ongoing. And many of our customers, whether they're in retail, healthcare or other verticals, are looking to make that transition and are waiting for or have been waiting for the compelling opportunity to do that. And TC51, I think, struck that nerve and hit that opportunity squarely, which is why it's been such a successful launch.
Joachim Heel: So, another viewpoint on the opportunity is, if you go back two years ago, we said there's about 15 million mobile computers out there that need to make the transition from legacy operating systems to either Android or an alternative. And you can do the math of what's been sold in the meantime, but our synthesis would be that the majority of that opportunity is still out there. And we think that there are at least two, but probably two critical things needed to unlock that opportunity, one of which we think we have hit with products like the TC51. You need a compelling offering and value proposition, right, that gets customers over that hurdle. And things like TC51, which is surrounded with the types of software and services that people expected from those legacy operating systems, those are now in the market and present and giving customers the confidence to move that way. The other one, though, that's important and that is the focus of, I think, our growth opportunity this year is that channel partners, which are the majority of the way that we sell, they need to embrace this solution as well and they need to either take their customers along and, in some cases, take their applications. Many of the applications that customers run come from those channel partners, and they need to move those over to Android. That is a focus for us this year, and we see a lot of growth opportunity ahead of us from that.
Olivier Leonetti: And in terms of performance for EMEA in local currency, it would have been a decline, a slight decline, maybe in the range of zero to 1%.
Olivier Leonetti: So, that's correct. $20 million, mainly in COGS, is what we believe we will realize. We have a fair amount of line of sight of that number. And in addition, as we implement our new ERP system and we'll do that in the middle of this year, we believe we will have further opportunities to increase operational leverage in the company.
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Brian. We gave you two numbers on purpose, one which is a gross margin number. We believe that this gross margin number will slightly increase in 2017. And we also gave you an EBITDA number of 18% to 19%. So, you can deduct what the OpEx is. And we did it this way for a reason. We want to adjust the OpEx of the Enterprise based upon the trajectory of the business. That's why we model it this way. However, the integration effort is actually well on its way. We believe that we're going to hit our various commitments. And in addition, the implementation of our new ERP system mid-year will give us the opportunity to deliver additional operational leverage.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me answer indirectly to your question, Brian. So, we don't know for sure what a new tax reform will include. So, we have spent actually a fair amount of time with our teams internally, with our business partners, with our various advisors, and we believe that we have the ability to mitigate the impact of a new tax reform. Looking at the way the supply chain is structured is one lever. That's not the only lever.
Olivier Leonetti: So, we haven't disclosed how exactly on purpose. It's obviously competitive information. And we could restructure the supply chain in order to achieve our goals, which is to make tax reform neutral. So, there are few things we can do. We don't want to be definitive for obvious reasons. We don't know really what the tax law is going to be. But we have various scenarios, and all of them, we believe, would be – will lead to a neutral impact for the new tax reform.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So, at the end of Q3, we were planning a tax rate for the year 26%. So, that was an estimate that was based upon the forecast, assuming a mix of profit by legal entities or tax jurisdictions. So, when we closed the year, based upon the mix of the profit, based upon additional work we did as part of the year-end process, the tax rate for the year moved from 26% to 23%. And we had to book the full impact in the Q4 quarter, which was about $0.16. Now, to answer to your second question in terms of tax rate for 2017, we believe that low to mid-20s will be a good planning assumption.
Olivier Leonetti: I'm not too sure we will speak about step-function. But clearly, the implementation of one ERP will allow us now to be really focused on optimizing the P&L further. If you look at the kind of synergies we have generated to-date, they were the obvious ones, duplication in product roadmap, supply chains. But we believe as a management team that we could go to another level in the second half of the year gradually and then forward.
Olivier Leonetti: So, you're right, we believe we should be going down by half a turn between the end of 2016 and the end of 2017. Our target is to reach investment grade rating as soon possible. We believe that we will achieve that rating once we have a ratio of – debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 3 times. Once we achieve that level, we want to look at the best options to maximize return for our shareholders, and that can take various forms, repaying more debt or allocating excess cash to shareholders in other ways. So, we want to keep options open based upon what will be best for our shareholders.
