Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered another quarter of solid results. Our teams are executing well during a period of rapid change and transformation at Zebra. Sales were in line with our expectations. We delivered higher gross margins and we managed operating expenses well. We achieved an 18.7% adjusted EBITDA, representing a 140-basis-point improvement over the prior year and adjusted EPS of $1.43, which was above the midpoint of our expectations. Stronger profitability and effective balance sheet management enabled us to pay down $90 million of debt during the quarter and we feel confident about achieving our $300 million debt paydown objective for the year. As we have been discussing this year, our results have been impacted by an uncertain macroeconomic environment combined with slower IT spending, which has affected customer purchasing behaviors. However, we are encouraged by the sequential improvement in the overall business, and particularly the strong reception to our new products and solutions. Zebra’s unmatched positioning with customers and partners has enabled us to further extend our market leadership this year. Although we have seen pockets of increased promotional activity in the market, we have remained disciplined, yet flexible, in our approach. We are very comfortable with our channel inventory levels, which are within our normal historical bands. I’d like to touch on some of the bright spots of the quarter. We saw increased momentum in our transportation and logistics vertical, fueled by our new and innovative solutions and e-commerce expansion. Our services business has returned to growth after several years of contraction and we are continuing to see improving margins. We have experienced strong traction with PartnerConnect, our new channel program. Our partners are seeing the benefits of this program, which focuses on simplicity, cross-selling and partner profitability. We have added more than 2,000 partners since its launch and increased revenue through registered partners. Turning to our regions, North America performed in line with our expectations, with sales declining year-over-year, but increasing sequentially. During the quarter, we saw strength in retail on the back of e-commerce growth. Channel revenues for Android are gaining momentum as we had anticipated. We completed the third quarter with a solid backlog and expect further improvements through the end of this year. In the EMEA region, we reported higher sales than we did in the prior-year quarter. Pockets of softness in Southern Europe and the Middle East were offset by strength in Northern Europe. Asia-Pacific third quarter sales were down slightly compared to the prior year due to one-time concessions made to accommodate our distribution partners due to the impact of new duties imposed on printers imported into China. Mike will provide more detail about this shortly. In Latin America, revenue declines have moderated as our team has executed well in a challenging environment. We showed growth in printers, driven by targeted programs we implemented earlier this year. I'm pleased to report that, on October 28, we completed the sale of our wireless LAN business to Extreme Networks. Although it was a small part of our business, the divestiture allows for increased focus on our core business and enhances our growth profile. In fact, the wireless LAN business had a nearly 2% negative impact to total Zebra year-over-year sales growth for 2015 and a nearly 1% negative impact to 2016 sales growth for the first nine months of this year. Overall, we executed well during the quarter. While the operating environment remains challenging, our business trends have stabilized and Zebra is positioned well to further extend its leadership within Enterprise Asset Intelligence. This morning, we also announced the appointment of Olivier Leonetti, Chief Financial Officer. Olivier brings more than 25 years of experience in financial and executive leadership roles. Most recently, he served as Chief Financial Officer at Western Digital where he was responsible for all finance functions and played a critical role in the successful completion and integration of Western Digital's $16 billion acquisition of SanDisk. We are excited to welcome him to the team. At the same time, we want to thank Mike Smiley for his many contributions over the last eight years. During Mike’s tenure, Zebra has grown profitably and extended our industry leadership. He has also been instrumental in our efforts to improve cash flow and strengthen the balance sheet. I hope you will join me in wishing Mike well in all of his future endeavors. With that, let me turn the call over to Mike to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, we saw, in Q3, particular strength in retail and T&L. Both of those were driven by e-commerce. There’s an underlying secular growth trend. T&L, we also saw great growth from some of our new solutions that we had introduced earlier this year. And both retail and T&L are very strong, I’d say, globally, but particularly North America, Europe and in Asia-Pac. Manufacturing, we've seen as a more flattish or slightly down in North America vertical this quarter, but we have a lot of new initiatives to help drive growth in manufacturing. As an example, we're looking to announce a relationship with Rockwell Automation where we are designing our products into their factory automation ecosystem much more closely, which will help both of us offer better solutions.
Anders Gustafsson: Healthcare grew, but smaller this year. We had strong performance in printing, but we’re going through some product transitions on the EVM side, which held back growth a little bit.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We felt it was in our best interest of our customers to make the end users be neutral to this, so we wanted to basically mitigate the impact of the duties that our distribution partners pay. We are now working on ways to minimize the impact of these duties. So, on a going-forward basis, we expect them to be up to $2 million, but, hopefully, we can get them to be a little bit lower than that and we have a number of ways of doing that, including how we structure our own manufacturing in China.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, our market share, overall, for mobile computing, has increased a few percentage points this year and our market share for Android specifically is substantially higher and it's been stable at those levels. We see the majority of large deals today in mobile computing to be for Android-based devices – or Android-powered devices. What we have started to see now in the last couple of quarters is a nice improvement in what we think of as the run rate in the channel. So, these are smaller deals where our channel partners are primarily driving the – identifying those opportunities and closing those opportunities. So, the trend that we had talked about sometime back of – that, over time, Android becoming a bigger part of our channel revenue stream is starting to happen.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I would probably separate the integration from the Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and strategy. From an integration perspective, we are working on integrating our back-office IT systems. That's really primarily what is left of our integration activities. They have very little impact on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. So, when it comes to EAI, I feel we're making very good progress. I think we have developed a compelling vision for it. It certainly resonates very well with our customers. I feel very confident in our EAI strategy overall. And as I say, we are clearly the leader in that space with an unmatched portfolio of products and solutions. We continue to drive a lot of value-adding innovation that is resonating very well with our customers. We are bundling product, software and services into solutions much more now than what we had done before. And our focus is very much on how we can leverage our Sense-Analyze-Act framework to help our customers transform how they operate, transform their workflows, improve their productivity, and drive much greater levels of service. And I’d say, at this stage, I don't think any other competitors can really offer that value proposition.
Anders Gustafsson: We’ve done a lot of things to help get both more efficient in the execution of our services business as well as getting a more easy way of gaining insight into the data streams that we have. In Q2, we integrated the Asia-Pac services business on to one common systems, so we got off the Motorola system and we have been working there now for, I guess, about six months on a single platform. We've also more recently exited the Motorola platform for Latin America. And middle of next year, we expect to do the same for the rest of the world. So, we are now having the IT infrastructure around IT to enable us to take advantage of all the data that we have. We are looking at the number of other data streams or information in order to help be proactive in our sales activities and identify opportunities for upsell or when somebody's contract is about to expire. And I’ll ask Joe Heel to add some comments also.
Anders Gustafsson: We have not broken that out historically and I think it’s just – we said that it's been a growing part of our portfolio and it is – I guess, directionally, you can say it's getting towards being half of our revenues. 
Anders Gustafsson: I think the overall upgrade cycle that we talked about is progressing pretty much in line with our expectation. We started about a year-and-a-half ago to see more of the larger deals. Today, I think pretty much all our larger deals tend to be Android-based. But we also started to see now this trickle down into the run rate business that our channel is conducting. Will there be a tail that goes beyond 2020? I am sure there will be some customers that will not see the need to upgrade and they are just going to run those devices for as long as they possibly can. No upgrades to them, I think. But I would expect that that will be a very small subset. Most larger organizations, I think, will feel, they want to be on supported software platforms, so they can get both security patches and other upgrades to their environments. And so, broadly, I would say that the Android migration is progressing pretty much in line with how we expected it.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, RFID continues to be a small, but healthily growing product set for us, solution set for us. Retail is the primary vertical to adopt RFID today. And the use case is primarily around in-store inventory visibility. So, retailers putting RFID inlays and chips on the merchandise. We are not really in that business much. That’s others to serve. But the price curve has been very aggressively coming down. And today, in volume, you can get a chip like that for between $0.05 and $0.07. We are focused on encoding those RFID chips with the right data as well as reading the data off those chips through either mobile or fixed infrastructure. And that's healthily growing, but it’s still a small part of our business.
Anders Gustafsson: So, so far, I think Windows 10 has been primarily on the desktop, not so much on the mobile. There’s been some changes, I think, on the architecture that's been harder to – for customers to adopt a Windows 10 platform. But from our perspective, we want to have the right solution for our customers. So, we would also expect to have Windows 10 devices available when that makes sense, when the Windows technologies are ready. So, we see it as likely going to be one predominant, but a second technology or operating system available for enterprise customers and we want to serve both.
Anders Gustafsson: I think it was more steady. I don't think we saw it being particularly strong in any point in the quarter. So, it's more of a – something that's going on in – almost in the background. It’s part of the environment. And we are trying to take a very disciplined approach to how we respond to it, but we also want to be flexible to make sure that we do respond appropriately to win deals, but do it at the appropriate margins for us.
Joachim Heel: Yes. This is Joe Heel speaking. So, we did see some push-outs of deals as you were mentioning in the earlier quarters. In this quarter, that activity of push-outs has moderated a bit. We still see it, consistent with what we talked about earlier in terms of our expectations, but it has moderated. And it's also positive for us that the ones that have pushed out in previous quarters have all closed. So, we do see it as a delay, not a loss or decline.
Joachim Heel: I’d like to add one thing. From an integration perspective, you probably have noticed that we integrated the customer-facing aspects of our business very rapidly. We integrated the sales force in January of the very first year. We integrated our partner program in April of this year. So, from a selling and customer-facing perspective, we have been in front of our customers with the Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy very visibly. The remaining pieces of the integration are, as Anders said, back-office and our IT systems, which don’t impede us from realizing the strategy in the marketplace.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. I think this is an excellent example of where we use some of the assets that we have to realize the Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy early on. We have a platform that we've been building out aggressively since the early days of the integration, which was called our Assets Visibility Platform. And this platform is cloud connected to all of our devices, at least to the extent that our customers turn that on. They do have the option of doing that. And it allows us to gather data in real-time from all of those devices and use it both for the purposes of service; it also allows us to offer to our customers visibility, instant real-time visibility to all of their assets, which, as you can imagine, is quite valuable to them and is at the core of a strategy around offering managed services both on our part as well as on the part of our partners, who are, of course, in the business of supporting the customers’ estates. Our vision is that this platform of asset visibility can be used beyond just the provisioning of service to our own devices. You can imagine many other uses that it could serve in a customer’s data management strategy. So, this is a very central part and a key differentiator that we, in fact, have in Enterprise Asset Intelligence through services.
Joachim Heel: Yes, indeed. We do. So, we offer two types of services, which customers are actively buying today. We have many contracts on these today. One is called Asset Visibility Services and the other one is called Operational Visibility Services. And the way you can imagine it is Asset Visibility Services is a relatively light cloud-based dashboard that we can make available almost instantly to a customer if they buy our devices, and that goes for printers and mobile computers, by the way, that they can instantly get visibility on a simple dashboard. Whereas OVS is a more heavy service offering, in which we then can manage certain aspects of a customer's estate. For example, give them visibility to when batteries need to be replaced or print heads on a printer require renewal. That more intensive service-driven offering is called OVS. Both are in the market, being sold today to customers.
Joachim Heel: Yes. And Joe Heel speaking. I think the Android migration or operating system migration more broadly is a little bit unusual from other technology transitions because it's driven by an end-of-life of an existing predominant technology, right, Windows CE, Windows Mobile in 2020. Therefore, it doesn’t only depend on customer's perception of the new technology, it depends also on their expectation for how long they can continue with the existing technologies. So, as Anders said, it’s led to a massive wave of early adopters that you have seen and there is a second wave of adoption, which is the broader market, the market that has served predominantly to channels that is occurring right now. And we do see that pretty much as we had expected happening, as we speak, and it will continue over the course of these next three years.
Joachim Heel: Well, I just wanted to mention if you look at our product lineup, you'll see that on the very high end of our mobile computing, on PC75, we now have a Windows 10 or Windows IoT, it’s also called, version now, and the same is expected on the tablet. So, you'll see that, in relevant parts of our portfolio, we will have Windows 10 for those customers who want it.
