Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our team drove profitable growth in the fourth quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported net sales growth of 4.6%, adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4%, which expanded by 30 basis points, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.56, a 15% increase from the prior year. We posted a record level of EPS, although it was at the lower end of our guidance range due to tariff expenses at the high end of our expectations and prioritizing a higher mix of large mobile computing year-end budget orders, each of which impacted gross margin.Our diversified business is enabling us to post solid growth despite an uneven global macro economy. The continued soft environment in China was more than offset by growth in our North America and EMEA regions. We grew all our major verticals led by healthcare, retail and transportation and logistics. We drove double-digit growth in our enterprise mobile computing portfolio which capped another exceptional year. Our customers utilize our mobile computing solutions for new use cases on the Android platform as we benefit from our leadership in the transition from the sun-setting Windows operating system.We also continued to drive higher service attach rates on our product sales, which bodes well for future quarters. RFID was another bright spot in the quarter, growing strong double digits. Lower operating expenses enabled us to expand EBITDA margin, despite transitory tariff expenses that weighed on gross margin. By mid-year, we will have a more diversified sourcing footprint, which will enable greater operational flexibility and mitigate the tariffs.In Q4, we acquired Cortexica Vision Systems to accelerate our computer vision capabilities, which I will discuss later on the call. For the full year, Zebra delivered solid results with 5.5% sales growth, 90 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion, 18% non-GAAP EPS growth and $624 million of free cash flow. We continue to build upon our industry-leading offerings by investing in innovative technologies that elevate our role in enabling the intelligent enterprise. We are entering 2020 with a solid order backlog and we are optimistic that we can drive another record year of performance.With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q4 financial results and discuss our 2020 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, thank you. First, I think we -- our team executed very well in Q4, we were up almost 5% and that was on top of a 9% growth in 4Q '18. So we had a very tough compare. We saw very solid performance in North America and EMEA. That was offset by softer spend environment, particularly in China. We did see particular strength in our mobile computing portfolio, but also in services and RFID, as you mentioned. We grew all our vertical market -- verticals that we serve, led by healthcare as the fastest with strong double-digit growth followed by retail transportation logistics and manufacturing and for the full year 2019, all verticals we're up also. So we have a very diversified business which is enabling us to post solid growth despite now being in a more uneven global macroeconomic environment. And I guess lastly, we're quite confident that we grew share in 2019.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think we have a good outlook for the first quarter of 4% to 7% growth. And that's over an 8% growth of the last year. We entered the year with a solid backlog, we have healthy inventory levels in the channel and so we expect now faster year-over-year growth starting to kick in here faster than Q4, and we continue to see North America and EMEA as the strongest geographies for us and we also currently expect China to continue to show softness. I don't know, go-to-market side, I think we have good discipline around our offerings and pricing and our value proposition continues to resonate well. For the first quarter, though, we aren't expecting the USPS to participate, that roll out will start in Q2.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay, then just one thing to add to that. We've talked on earlier calls about our supply chain diversification strategy to mitigate the impact of tariffs. So our manufacturing in Vietnam and Malaysia for printing and mobile computing is now ramping up and would have an impact on the quarter also.
Anders Gustafsson: So, yes. Thank you. I'll start with the USPS part. So first, we are very proud of our USPS win. That's a big win for us and it augments the relationship we had with USPS. They were already customer of our other product and solutions before. The specific solution helps the USPS optimize the visibility of package delivery and also the execution across their carrier network. This is a multi-year contract. It's the largest in the history of the company and I think it highlights the strength of our value proposition here. The award includes our TC77 mobile computers, Mobility DNA, some custom software, as well as, managed and professional services. The ramp-up is -- it will start in Q2 and the -- our outlook assumes the majority of orders will be deployed in 2021.We've taken a prudent view here and only included the orders that we have visibility into our 2020 outlook. As the U.S. 3G cellular service providers will be ending 3G service at the end of 2021, that is definitely a consideration for the roll-out cadence and we expect that the USPS will basically be done by, with the entire roll-out, before the end of 2021 to make sure that they have devices they can work on, on the 4G network. And I said -- maybe come back to that later, but we won a lot of other good postal service wins that Joe can pick up on.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first the -- we have a -- basically looked at the delivery schedule that we have received from the USPS which is the baseline we have for what we've included in 2020 and that assumes that the majority of orders will be delivered next year. Now there is certainly an opportunity that some of that can be pulled in, but that's not part of our base case, we want to -- our base case is that whatever they have told us today will be as the -- as their projected delivery schedule is what we put in our guide and our outlook. But there is -- no, there is opportunities that can be better.
Anders Gustafsson: In there is -- there can be deliveries afterwards, true, there includes, also, other parts of it, repairs and other services that could come with it and they have the opportunity to continue to replace damaged devices or buy beyond what they have initially said. So the contract doesn't end at the end of 2021 and the number they have put out in the --the total dollar volume put out by the USPS envisions that this is not a two-year contract but a longer contract.
Anders Gustafsson: I don't think we want to comment on the specific dollar amounts for this contract. We can kind of -- we've tried to share what we know today and what we think is a prudent outlook for 2020 and I think we have to leave it at that.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so the -- on Android, broadly, as I've said, we have a number of good drivers for the Android business, I'd say three clear strong drivers. First, we will be around new use cases. If you go back and look at the number of applications or use cases, our customers used mobile computers for, say five years back, it was probably mid-single-digits. Today, most of our larger customers are probably more like 50, 60 different use cases and applications and we think that is going to continue to expand. So that's been a great driver. The Android transition from the legacy Windows operating systems continues. There were several of the older Windows OS versions that went out of support at the end of January of this year. Our best estimate is that there is still approximately 10 million legacy Windows devices in the market that needs to be upgraded. Our market share in Android continues to be very strong at 60-plus percent and the warehouse migration there is still gaining momentum, I'd say, and a great opportunity for us.At the second half of last year, certainly in Q4, we did start to see also, I guess, a new driver and that's Android refreshes. So it's now five years since we started shipping Android and some of those devices are now getting ready for a refresh. The earlier devices we had don't have the memory or processing capabilities to support all the different use cases, all the different applications our customers are putting on it as well as the processing requirements required by -- to run the newer -- the most recent android versions.And lastly, I'd say, also, as a new trend we're seeing is, our customers are looking for to deploy mobile computers much more densely or deeply into their organizations, they are looking to have basically a device into the hand of every employee, particularly in healthcare and retail. We are expanding our portfolio of solutions to enable our customers to have the right device for the right worker, where we can then generate a positive ROI for them in those areas. We have had an order in Q4 from a large U.S. retailer, which included our new EC30 device, which was intended to be basically deployed to all their employees. And that drives also a lot of Workforce Connect applications because most of those applications of use cases are predicated on driving greater collaboration between store employees or inter-store employees and customers.
Anders Gustafsson: So, I'll take this one. So first, the objective here is to move U.S.-bound volume out of China to ensure we can mitigate tariffs. We are moving out our printing volume to Vietnam, and most of our mobile computing volume to Malaysia, but also going to some other countries. On the scanning side, that was already outside of China. That was in -- we manufacture our scanners in Mexico and in Taiwan, primarily. But with these programs looking to wrap up by middle of this year, we would expect to largely mitigate all the tariff impacts.From an ongoing gross margin perspective, we think of them as neutral today, while, say, labor cost might be a little lower in Vietnam. Early on, we will have a little bit more freight cost moving piece parts and other components into Vietnam. But over time, we will work on making sure that we get that to be an improvement to our gross margins.
Anders Gustafsson: All right, I'll see if I -- hope that I can remember. I'll start with the -- if we are selling Microsoft devices into the markets still? And the answer is yes. We -- I think it was 2017 for us where we switched over to make Android at the highest volume of our business, but we do still sell and support our customers who have existing deployments of Microsoft devices. But it's fair to say that I don't -- I can't think of a large new customer that have selected Windows. It is basically to service the existing installed base of those accounts and over time, they are -- I would say, they are all looking to migrate to Android. Now we have the, I'd say, the highest proportion of our volume in Android. So if you look at other players in the industry, they are still selling more Windows devices and some of them are selling more Windows than Android even. And if you look at some markets like Asia, Windows is still quite a strong platform there. It might seem a little counterintuitive as some of those software packages have gone out of support, but that is what we're seeing.So on the one hand, we are eating into the 10 million legacy devices by shipping new Android devices, but on the other end of that volume, we and others are adding new Windows devices also.
Anders Gustafsson: And I'll also touch on the Android refresh and then I'll ask Joe Heel here to add in some more color. But on the Android refresh, we started shipping our TC55 and MC40s about, give or take, five years back. Those devices bode on the, say, longevity in the market, wear and tear, but maybe more so based on the memory capacity processing speed and so forth are no longer able to support our customers objectives. Our customers are looking to deploy many more applications which all use memory and processing speed and also if you're looking to upgrade to newer current Android versions, they all require more memory and more processing speed.So -- I think this is a fair comment around Android overall that the refresh rate will be higher than for Windows devices. There is a lot more innovation going on around the Android platform than there was historically even when Windows was, say, a fresh and the default operating system platform for the industry. So we do expect to see a higher level of Android refreshes than we did on or shorter lifecycle for our Android devices than we did for Windows.
Anders Gustafsson: First, I'd say that our new solutions is going to be Intelligent Edge-type solutions, have been growing very nicely for the last several years. So obviously off a smaller base, but the growth rate has been quite attractive and met with our internal expectations for 2019. At NRF we showcased a number of new solutions. We had our SmartSight solution with our EMA robot. We had our MP7000 flatbed scanner with color camera, we had Smart Edge with our heads-up displays, so you saw a number of new solutions that are quite different from the type of solutions that the industry has offered before. On SmartSight, first that -- we've been developing that for several years, we have it in pilots with some large customers. So we certainly expect that there'll be demand for it. We are working with a number of our customers to figure out how can we be best introduced into their environments.And our Smart Edge with the heads-up display, that's, I think, a very attractive solution. It helps to really modernize the whole interface with warehouse management systems and drive great productivity improvements and the heads-up display is just one way that we can render those benefits, but they can be done in a variety of other ways also. And I think, Joe, can add some additional value on how we've been doing with customers on these.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, well, it's a competitive -- first it's a competitive market. We are working in some very attractive but competitive markets and price is definitely a factor. Now, that's not new. I wouldn't say that pricing is any more competitive today than it has been historically. We try to differentiate ourselves by making sure that we have the best solutions, first and foremost, and we tend to win with a premium over our competitors. So we -- I think our -- for a variety of reasons, the breadth of our solutions, the innovation around our solutions and some of the uniqueness that we have that others can't match, enables us to get that extra premium. It's not intimate, but it is a meaningful premium. And then, Joe, maybe you...
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. We are committed to supporting our employees, customers and partners as we work through the coronavirus situation. We are optimistic about 2020 and we see much opportunity ahead. I am grateful and excited that our Zebra team and trusted partners have positioned us for continued success.I would also like to welcome the Cortexica team and the talents they bring to our organization. Have a great day, everyone.
James Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Two questions, first, I wanted to just talk a little bit about the strength you're seeing in the order book entering 2020, I'd like to know, particularly, which areas of the business and geographies. And then I have a follow-up question as it relates to some of the color you're providing with respect to the coronavirus risk. So just on -- first on the areas of the business where you're seeing the strength. It sounds like good strength in RFID, but I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about it and the sustainability of that strength. Thank you.
James Ricchiuti: And so you see those trends as with respect to your guidance-- those same trends are playing out in your Q1 outlook.
James Ricchiuti: Okay. Thank you, Anders for that. And just with respect to the coronavirus, I think we all appreciate the challenges of trying to forecast the business with these fast moving developments. But I'm wondering, as you see the business now, are you -- does your guidance for Q1 anticipate any revenue potentially shifting out into Q2? I mean, you've highlighted some additional freight expense and then the $0 million to $50 million impact that you identify on sales, is that -- I wonder if you could talk a little bit about whether that is more supply chain related or potentially demand related that you're anticipating. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me answer to this question, Jim. So as you indicate that the situation is obviously very fluid. We have new news every day. Our base case or the 47% growth for Q1 assumes the impact of the coronavirus as we know it. So for example, we have reflected shifting demand, lower demand in China, additional freight cost and to give you a bit more colors on what is going on with our supply chain, our teams are taking their pills pretty much multiple times a day, all our Tier 1s, our key partners are back to work and ramping productions. Our Tier 2 partners are largely back to work and ramping production every day. And our supply chain is operating with some manageable bottleneck. So the situation is fluid and we believe we can manage the impact of the virus as we know it. If we were to have an impact in Q1, we don't think it would be the case, on top of what we put in the guide. We believe that the impact will be timing and that our full year guide would be intact.Now, let me comment on the additional $0 million to 50 million additional potential risk on the top-line. Again, that's not our expectation. Our expectation is that we would be able to mitigate the impact of the tariff as we know it, but if the ramp of our production was not to be as per our expectation, we wanted to give you some bookends about the potential impact and we size the impact to $0 million to $50 million, again would be timing if that unlikely scenario was to materialize.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me cover your cash allocation question. So as you indicated, as you related to, our leverage ratio at the end of the year was 1.3 times net debt to EBITDA, the lowest since the Enterprise acquisition. Our business has a strong cash flow generation, we would be investing in the business organically, but also deploy our cash through M&A and also investments in our venture fund. We also will deploy cash to a buyback program. As a reminder, we have -- we had an authorization for $1 billion buyback authorization. We bought to date about $47 million and we would be in the market this year. We believe that, over the year, we'd buy back above 2% of the market cap of the company and we would be more opportunistic in a particular quarter, based upon the behavior of our stock price. But the guide for EPS in Q1 does not assume any impact from buyback.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, we will consider -- we would consider the holdup assumptions we have factored in the guide to be prudent.
Olivier Leonetti: And, Brian we have also a few large accounts as part of the portfolio as well. So USPS is obviously one of them, but not the only one.
Olivier Leonetti: So, we believe -- so as you indicated, Keith, most of the USPS order will be deployed next year. We believe that for the remaining of the year that this outlook is prudent. It's going to be a more than respectable growth based upon what we see in the market, based upon the strength of our go-to market, based upon the strength of our product and solution offering, we believe that we should be able to deliver this prudent rest of the year guide, Keith.
Olivier Leonetti: That's not the case. So far, if you look at the performance of Zebra, Q4 of 2019 was stronger than Q3. Q1 guide is going to be stronger than Q4. So, we see an acceleration of the business. But based upon the various macro events and other phenomenon happening in the market, we believe it's the most prudent approach to guide in the way we did.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at OpEx as a proportion of revenue, we have been scaling that ratio significantly every quarter, actually even more in Q4. If you look at the R&D line, we indeed add the impact of acquisitions playing out in the quarter. But the key principle we have in mind as we manage the P&L of the company is to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue rather than looking only at OpEx. And we have been able to do that every quarter, mainly in Q4, actually.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So as you indicated, and I would go through the details in a second. The Q4 margin profile wise was exceptional and the guide for Q1 and the full year of 2020 implies us going back to normal. So going back into the details, Richard, we -- relative to the implied guide we had for Q4, our margin rate was lower by about 1 point. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, this 1 point degradation is due to large margin orders that we have to shift to meet our customer year-end budget demands. That impacted AIT and EVM but mainly mobile computers.And if I was to go through the various elements of impacts trying to bridge the point, the lower point we had a margin relative to our guide, the impact of higher tariffs than expectations were about 40 basis point. The impact of higher freight as we had to expedite those large orders, the impact was about 20 basis point and the lower margin due to the mix of large orders was about 40 basis points. So you see the full impact, the full break of the one point. Now we are working all the time on initiatives to improve gross margin. We believe we have a nascent set of activities, we will launch in 2020 to improve gross margin. We could go into the details, if you want, Richard, and we feel definitely that Q4 was an exceptional point.
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe that we will increase gross margin 2020 over 2019, net of the elements you mentioned, so tariffs and exceptional freight cost. And why am I saying that? Let me give you maybe a few examples of the levers we're using. So from a pricing standpoint, for example, we have been addressing more and more reach verticals part of the market, healthcare being one of them, for example. We have been deploying resources to maximize, this is actually not the only one, the segment mix improvement will drive margin up. That would be one.We're also launching a new tool, we have been piloting this tool now for about a year. The new tool for pricing transactional orders using machine learning has been launched, as we speak. We believe that, that will improve our margin profile as well. And from a COGS standpoint, very quickly, we are designing to value our products that has been a constant with platforming also, our various products are using the same platform across various product lines and one which will have also a material impact on the margin profile for 2020 is that we have reset our service network outside North America. And that will significantly improve the margin of our service business and now more so a material impact on the margin of Zebra as a whole. So again a nice set of activities to keep improving the margin profile of the business as we have done now for a number of years.
Olivier Leonetti: And just to complement, we see that as a positive trend. We have been able to post a strong sales performance in mobile computing despite the market still buying a lot of Windows due to, as we said earlier, new use cases, and also a device for hold being a new trend in this part of the market.
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at the service and software part of the portfolio, it has been, particularly this year, growing at a higher rate than the overall company average. The reason for this, as you start to have a sense, is based upon all the new capabilities we are launching and being as a company, a true orchestrator of our customer's workflows and that drives an increase in the revenue for this part of the market, but also an increase in the profile for -- margin profile for the company overall because of this impact. Where that could go? Those markets are large and we are excited about our ability to win and play in those markets.
Joachim Heel: Yes, just as additional context, right, postal services around the world are making the transition that many of our customers are making from Windows-based to Android-based devices and we've been fortunate to participate in and win the largest tenders in each of the four regions we participate in. In Asia, we won the largest deal, which you know about with Australia Post, in Latin America, earlier in 2019, we won the largest deal there. And recently we've also won the largest deal in the European postal system, all of which have transitioned to our Android computer. So postal service is one of those areas of strength for us at the moment.
Joachim Heel: Yes. Perhaps there's some additional color on that. I think you are seeing five-year lifecycles at this point, but we do see customers making their ROI calculations often with three-year time horizons now. So we do expect that the life expectancy that our customers will have will trend in that direction. And if you think from the customer perspective, you'll -- we would say -- we would cite three things that customers are saying are driving them to these refreshes. One is applications. There is a significant increase in applications that customers are putting on our devices where they originally may have used to adjust for inventory management, now they use it for a customer application, they use it for voice communications. There is a significant increase of those applications.Number two, with those applications come new demands on the technology. The technologies need more memory, as Anders was saying, in addition to the inherent technology requirements, driven by the ongoing Android upgrade cycles, Right? Those are on very short 18 months or so intervals. And then the last piece is reuse cases that are being put on devices all the time where they're being used for purposes that five years ago were not even being envisioned. So all three of those are driving the increased refresh -- shorter refresh cycle and increased refresh volume.
Joachim Heel: Sure. So first of all with the -- you also asked about SmartPack. SmartPack is one of the solutions we have great expectations for. And we introduced that with a large U.S. lead customer where we have a very broad deployment with tens of thousands of dock doors deployed and we now have several other customers that are piloting this in an advanced mode and we have one customer now in Europe, which is a significant milestone to take this to another continent, that is broadly deploying this across their European network of thousands of dock doors. So we're confident about the SmartPack solution being one of the successful ones.The other two that are worth mentioning in our IEF portfolio of solutions are RFID. RFID, we've had this in the prepared remarks, has been extremely strong for us for quite some time. We believe this solution has reached a tipping point and the other one we would mention is Workforce Connect as a solution for collaboration that leverages our mobile computers has also been a very strong solution for us in across multiple large customers.
Joachim Heel: I'll add two things. So we do pay significant attention to the subject of pricing. I'll give you two specific examples or data points. One is in the mobile computing area where we have the majority of -- we have had some of the significant share gains, we talked about earlier. The majority of those deals are done on, what we would call, a price concession, so special prices given to our customers. And we have a great discipline within the company of managing those price concessions. And so we pay a lot of attention to that from a sales management perspective.The second thing you heard in the prepared remarks that we're introducing some capabilities in the pricing area and we are deploying some software and capabilities that allow us to manage pricing at a very granular level, precisely because this is a very important lever for us.
