Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Our second quarter and first half results demonstrate that Zebra’s industry leadership, global scale and business diversity are enabling us to help more customers solve more asset tracking and management challenges. Our strategy of investing our investment to strengthen customer and channel relationship, capitalize on high growth regions across the world, improve operational efficiency and lower product costs are all proven low-risk, high-return activities. They will continue to pay off in improved sales and earnings growth and will provide considerable benefits to the company and our shareholders well into the future. Our multi-faceted growth strategy includes the following areas: Investing in emerging markets where we can win, continuing to develop channel partnerships and moving up the value chain with large system integrators and independent software vendors, improving on our already solid product development to expand the range of applications in markets we serve, and capitalizing on important emerging opportunities that makes sense with our business model. Our most recent investments in emerging markets are beginning to achieve very good results. As local channel partners appreciate the improved coverage from an increased number of Zebra sales representatives in high-growth territory. We are maximizing our return on investments in geographic extension by conducting primary research to identify the best market opportunities. In this way, we are able to identify the right verticals to pursue and develop appropriate go-to-market channels. During the second half of 2010, we will complete the remaining office openings plan for this year, which are all located in Asia Pacific. Further development of channel partnerships also enables us to reach more customers in addition to expanding bar channels overseas and ensuring top-level channel programs in North America. Stronger relationships with large system integrators are positioning Zebra to become a more valued strategic partner to important customers with complex asset tracking challenges. Improving programs with independent software vendors or ISVs will facilitate easier integration of Zebra products and solution, and create more touch points with end users. More effective development of new products to expand the range of applications we serve is another cornerstone of our growth strategy. Over the past two years, we have focused on introducing highly differentiated products that open new application opportunities to great success. The RP-14 mobile RFID printer is an excellent example of this program. Our ZXP retransfer printer is another example, which we began shipping in the first quarter of this year. We follow this introduction with a laminator module with the retransfer printer in the second quarter and we are actively executing on a number of product road map enhancements to refresh the entire card printer line in 2011 and bring new levels of performance and value to the market. We have other exciting products planned for introduction next year that will continue to keep Zebra at the forefront of innovation in our industry. NZS new location opportunities are also emerging. The last quarter we told you about the introduction of the Zebra Location Appliance or ZLA, a dedicated, unified server platform for the broad range of identification solutions available for asset tracking, such as barcodes, ultra-wide band, GPS, active and passive RFID and others. The ZLA is targeted at enabling channel partners to sell and implement ZES solutions more easily and provide customers the ability to enhance business applications with location and telemetry data. During the second quarter, ZES introduced a new generation of ultra-wide band active RFID tags that deliver new higher levels of performance. These tags make our solutions more attractive for personal safety solutions and enable us to pursue opportunities in Europe. Finally, we will continue to focus on enhancing shareholder value by deploying Zebra’s resources where they deliver the highest risk adjusted returns. Our investment in developing our core business are clearly paying off, with a recent completion of our 3 million share buyback the board demonstrated its continued confidence in the company’s future with the approval to repurchase an additional 3 million shares.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for you attention. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Anders Gustafsson: So, we see it more broadly across many industry verticals. We’ve seen it in retail, we’ve seen it in DOD or Direct Store Delivery. We have seen it in manufacturing, transportation and logistics. So, it’s really gone across most of our large verticals.  I think this just goes back to our customers now feeling a bit better about the economic outlook. They are investing to improve their operations and our solutions really do help them improve their ROI and make streamline their business operations. Reik Read – Robert W. Baird: Is this a case where they are confident enough that they are deploying capital to expand their own operations and that’s why these larger deals are kicking in or is this just increased volume and are ordering more on these 1C’s and 2C’s.
Anders Gustafsson: I think it’s more the first, I think. It’s not so much they are ordering 1C’s and 2C’s for the large deals. It tends to be more that they are either refreshing older installations or expanding their facilities.
Anders Gustafsson: It’s hard for us to really separate out how much the economy versus how much our activities, our strategies are driving the growth, but clearly there is a strengthening particularly in the high-end manufacturing sector in China, but we have also put a meaningful amount of more salespeople into China already, about 40 for all the emerging markets, China getting the largest share and the majority of those are already on the ground. We are actively recruiting channel partners and pursuing new opportunities.  I would think that the meaningful part of the increase is coming from our actions and we believe that we are positioning ourselves very well in emerging markets in China.Reik Read – Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think we are comfortable giving or setting the forecast for the next quarter. I can talk a bit more directionally as how we feel about the future and for both and for the company. I think that we feel that we are well positioned across the Board with all the initiatives and the strategies we put in place.  We have seen good traction in a number of new areas for us with ZES. We have a new ultra-wide band tag that really aimed at going into petro chemical or other hazardous work environments, that’s also been certified for Europe wasn’t before.  We’ve seen many of our traditional strong customers in automotive and manufacturing come back again after it was a very difficult year in 2009 and we’ve continued to develop our channel programs, and we’ve had more deals come through in the channel in this quarter again. So we think that there is a number of good initiatives that we have, good strategy we have that’s going to yield through as we move into 2011 also.Brian Drab – William Blair & Company: Okay, great. Thank you. Congrats again.
Anders Gustafsson: Firstly, we don’t really breakout individual product lines, but we did mention on the call that we had our best quarter ever for passive RFID. So obviously we feel much more encouraged about where we are with our passive RFID today, but it is still a very small part of the overall business, but overall much more encouraging than what it was the year ago. So we are going to take some credit or pleasure in that I guess.  We have seen more pilots and more activity across our customer base today. I think we feel very encouraged by having the broadest product portfolio for passive RFID and we have some unique passive solutions or technology that really enables our customers to get higher ROIs on investing in our printers, by being able to print on much more narrow labels and not waste as much paper. So overall, we think that the next couple of quarters the outlook looks quite good, with enhanced sales activity with more pilots and better pipeline, but again we got to be a little cautious about the adoption rate as we go forward. It’s proven to be slower in the past. We think this is a great shot in the arm for the industry, and we certainly want to make it to be here to help nurture it along.
Anders Gustafsson: I think that pent up demand kind of includes a lot of different things. We don’t think that there is much of any channel inventory re-stocking. We think that happened much earlier into cycle. So this is really end user demand that we see.  There are probably some refresh cycles going on as Mike mentioned in the mobile side. I think there is probably a wholesale ahead of the refresh cycle of the high-end, but generally I think this is based on customers being confident of investing in their business again and expanding and taking advantage of our technology to further stream line and improve the efficiency of the operations.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, first on the ZLA, I think that’s really meant to help other partners of ours like ISDs that have software applications on their own. So historically our ZES solutions have been more vertically integrated. So we’ve had a software application for automotive or various industries that has been very much tied to our specific hardware. Here the ZLA really enables us to create the kind of a middle ware layer that we can open up and put more standardized interfaces on, so that other ICs or application developers can work easily, incorporate the location technology that’s in their solutions going forward. So we see that the way for us to work more effectively with partners and give them a chance to participate in the growth of the industry. With respect to that technology and there being so many of them, we don’t expect to see a reduction say, in the different types of technology here. I think they are all have a specific benefit for certain environments; they are particularly well suited, so the ultra-wide band by these solutions. They are particularly well suited for indoor applications or where there is a lot of metal or other interference.  The 24x7 30, the old granite type of active RFID solutions, they had a better range, so they were much more cost effective if you were outside and GPS can be very effective too over larger areas and we don’t have to implement the infrastructure to support the location.  So I think that there is going to be a number of different technologies that would be part of that portfolio to most optimally be able to support our customers, and I think that the benefit for us to have this portfolio and that we can be much more specific in how we address our customers needs and we don’t have to kind of force it, our solution into their need.
Anders Gustafsson: At this stage I think we believe that the portfolio we have is sufficient. We think that we have lots of good run rates with the solutions we have and we like to make sure we commercialize those and get the good business return on them before we step into new technologies.
Anders Gustafsson: Well the first, when we talk about acquisition, we got to go back to our capital location strategy. So we are very disciplined in looking at making sure we invest in opportunities with the highest risk adjusted returns.  That being said, we do engage in looking at the various types of acquisitions. We certainly want to make sure that we are aware of what goes on, and particularly looking at things that our close to our core, and could be say, smaller talking, but it really has to have a good return and very much fit our strategy.
Anders Gustafsson: And with respect to ZES’s profitability in 2011, again as I said earlier, we don’t really want to start forecasting into the 2011, but our expectation is that we will be able to continue to drive the business forward and get to the casual breakeven or casual positive in 2011.
Anders Gustafsson: So first, since our products are global in nature, our price lists are very much the same across the world. So we can’t go and sell one product for much lower in one region and higher in another one, because then we have the gray market and products flowing from different regions. So we have a very disciplined approach to how we price our products.  If you look at Asia particularly say, we do a lot of high end products for the manufacturing sector there and they tend to have very good price points and margins, but as we become more focused on starting to penetrate the more local economies, we probably will have more lower end products, that will probably be on a gross margin side slightly lower than the average, but it will be a much smaller part of our business also.  So we believe that we are in good position to continue to drive the gross margin. That’s what Mike might have said here earlier.
Anders Gustafsson: We’ve been, we don’t forecast our share buybacks, but I think that you sort of -- if you can look at us over the last three, four quarters, you can sort of see that that’s a highly realistic view going forward, but I will tell you that we are price sensitive. So when the shares are low and the company’s valuation feels a little bit more attractive, we will be more aggressive and when we feel it’s a little less attractive, we will be less aggressive.
Anders Gustafsson: I don’t think we can expand too much on the specific applications or what they do, but this is an active rollout. I guess we can say that we have deliberate products to the customer for that application.
Anders Gustafsson: The supply chain environment has been very tight over the last several months, but I think we’ve been very diligent and executed very well by working by ourselves and with our other supply chain portions like cable, to make sure we get an appropriate volume of parts.  We actually shipped more printers in Q2 than we have done in any other quarters historically. So we still got a lots of volume and material out and I think we took the step of continue to air freight a much higher proportion of our volume, in order to make sure that we protected our market share and protected our brand, and I think that’s been very well received, and I think we have extended our lead in the industry by doing this. I am sure there is a few deals that we’ve lost, but on net balance, I would say we won more than we lost.
Anders Gustafsson: A few months back there was I think a lot of speculation in the press and TV and stuff about the European economy largely driven I guess by Greece, and Greece is about 2% of the EMEA or the Euro zone GDP. So I think that’s -- but over the last few weeks, I think the news we have seen has been much more encouraging and settling down much better.  I think we’ve seen some of the larger export oriented regions of Europe do very well. I think Germany and Central Europe are doing very well economically and I think they are doing very well with us and our suite spot that Europe is really around the Central Europe region for export oriented companies, and the weakening of the Euro I think is giving them a boost. So we should see some unit volume increases to offset some of the weakening of the Euro.  So, overall I think we feel that Europe was -- so far we have not seen any indication that Europe is slowing or there is a change in economy outlook for it, but it is something we are paying a lot of attention to, as there is obviously an important impact to the factor for us.  But I would also like to go back and say, I think we have the ability to react quickly to changes in the economic environment. When the recession started, I think we were pretty quick with taking steps to adjust for that and equally as we were kind of coming out of the recession, we took steps to invest appropriately in the business, to make sure we can really come out strongly and gain share as we did that. So I think we feel that Europe looks good today and we are well positioned there, but I’d let Mike give you some extra insights maybe for you.
Anders Gustafsson: Well I think we see this as a growing trend. It’s also a very small base, but it is a growing trend and we have developed drivers for our printers to work with Blackberry, Android, Window C and iPhones. So you know, we believe that it’s an important strategy for us to kind of expand our address of the market into some application where we otherwise might not be considered.
Anders Gustafsson: I think the guidance is as I said you know, kind of flat with the prior quarter. We think that there is certainly an improvement in our pipeline. We have seen more activity, but also we know that the sale cycle is much longer, so we don’t want to get ourselves overly enthused about the improvements we see in one quarter. We want to make sure we can put some quarters behind us before we start getting really bullish on this.
Anders Gustafsson: We’ve developed these printers very specifically for these markets and we haven’t even decided if they are going to be introduce outside of the emerging markets, so the cost point is much lower. Our expectation is that they will be slightly below our corporate average from a gross margin prospective, but not much here really so. They are also coming off a very small base, so it’s not like its [Inaudible].  
Mike Smith: That’s a good question. [Indiscernible] couldn’t ask that for the questions. So I’m going to take the first half and Anders will take the second half.  On the gross margins, I just want to make sure you are aware. When you look at some of the historical quarters that we quoted north of 50%, we had some one-time adjustments to those numbers. So I would say the more robust gross margins that we had historically were in the high 40’s, I wouldn’t say they were 50’s. I would argue that we talked about a couple of things already that we feel encouraged about with regards to our gross margin going forward. We talked about the fact that volumes will continue to benefit us. We also know that we are carrying extra freight right now, and we do think we have some ability to continue to improve some of our efficiencies in some of the processes that we are working with that will help us to move. So I think right now it’s been good. We still feel like we have room to improve that. So what we would try to say is, probably in the high 40’s is probably a good target to sort of keep yourself focused on. Yes, and that would be more like an average read in every quarter. I’ll also tell you though, with ZES for this quarter we were hampered by a couple of small things.  Number one, our services margins were a little bit low, because the volume for services was a little bit lower than we had anticipated, and we also -- ZES had some third party hardware sales that were low margin; that also negatively affect our gross margin in the quarter. Then the other thing too is that FX obviously plays plus or minus and this quarter we were negatively affected by FX this quarter.
Mike Smith: There’s a couple of things. First of all, there is FX. There FX I still can’t tell you is that we have -- we talk about mixes, there are some products that aren’t really captured in the printer side. So for example, here is some after market parts or something like that, which in volumes change as a major impact on some of our margins.
Mike Smith: Well I think it’s interesting, because sequentially I think its again, you got some strong demand and some mobile products that’s sort of in desktop, actually that’s been driving that.  So we do talk about, I think longer term trends in our business. One thing that will affect our gross margins is the relative growth rates of certain product lines and I would say that our historic core tabletop printers is something that probably we don’t foresee growing quite as dramatically as more as a desktop, mobile type printer card applications going forward.  So as a result, that mix will change things over time, but again, we feel good about the gross margin dollars that we are generating as we continue to expand the business.
Mike Smith: The other thing too is the actual time between bookings and revenue recognition, it’s a little bit longer. So even though we have good bookings in this quarter, it doesn’t really roll out to the P&L for a little while.
Mike Smith: Reik its Mike. Initially a lot of that work effort is around apparel tagging in retail, and clearly there are different retailers with different levels of progress, relative to their own view of where the opportunity is.  We feel that it will extend itself beyond apparel into other what would be qualified as complex SKU. So we can see it finding its way into other parts of the in-store retail experience, where that inventory visibility is critical to not only revenue, but the service level capability of the retailer.
Mike Smith: Over time I think its directionally going to go to other apparel subcategories, beyond the jeans and the garments that you are noting
Mike Smith: Correct, but I think ultimately what happens is, over the course of time, the back room tagging is going to increase in opportunity and we are really, as you know we are really well positioned there from a product line standpoint.
Mike Smith: Well, I think it depends. I think if there is a lot of that source tagging that’s being done in very large volume bulk if you will the other day, and that’s not necessarily an immediate opportunity for us. I think where the opportunity is, is a lot happens between the source of where that tag is applied and the condition of those tags when they come into the distribution center.  So there is an opportunity, a fair amount of, I call it moderate volume retagging that will take place at the distribution centers and that’s where some of that stationary products will come into play and then obviously in the store, there’s another retagging opportunity and that’s where we are very uniquely positioned as the only provider of a mobile RFID device today.
Mike Smith: Yes, I guess first on the traditional competitive side, I think we haven’t seen any main big changes to that. I think that we feel that we are competing well. We believe we have extended our lead in the industry. From a price prospective, we haven’t seen any increased pressure sale on price, particularly in this supply constrained environment, we haven’t had to lead with price much.  When we get into Asia, there is obviously a number of other smaller competitors. We do see more of them. Part of what we are doing has to ensure that we can compete very effectively with them. That’s been to identify three new printers that are going to come out beginning of next year are more focused on the low end in Asia, and we have been moving our supply chain to Asia, and also setting up a development center in China, to be able to leverage some of the same resources there.  So we think that we have a quite comprehensive strategy to make sure that we can engage with them. It’s both, an offensive and a defensive strategy. So from an offensive prospective, we are going into some of the markets where we haven’t had the same market shares we had before.  So we’re seeing a net incremental revenue and margin for us and the from the defensive side, we are trying to make sure that those competitors, those Chinese or Asian competitors are having to fight with us at the low end and not get a chance to build their business to come up, higher up in the value chain.
