Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered solid first quarter results in an exceptionally challenging macro environment. For the quarter, we realized adjusted net sales growth of greater than 5% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.9%, a 540-basis-point decrease and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.01, a 16% decrease from the prior year. Customer demand remains strong for our solutions that digitize and automate workflows. We realized sales growth across all four regions supported by exceptional strength in mobile computing with particularly strong growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Our teams have continued to manage supply chain constraints as we navigate significant global macro uncertainty including COVID-19 lockdowns across Asia. We were able to secure more supply in mobile computing and scanning than we originally anticipated, which more than offset the impact of suspending shipments to Russia in early March. However, we were unable to fully satisfy customer demand particularly for our printing products. Supply chain costs were greater than our expectations and significantly weighed on gross margin, which was partially offset by higher service and softer margin. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased due to acquisitions in our expansion markets and resuming in-person events. Overall, we are pleased that our first quarter sales and earnings performance exceeded the high-end of our guidance ranges despite extreme supply chain challenges including transitory costs that were higher than our expectations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q1 financial results in more detail and discuss our revised 2022 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I will start and then I will have some of my colleagues here add to this also. But we continue to assess and address pricing issues based on competitive environment and the inflationary environment as well. As you mentioned, we have implemented targeted price changes in September of last year and February of this year that was across the product portfolio and the intent for those was to substantially offset, the realized component cost increases that we have seen. We implemented the latest price increase last week, which was intended to partially mitigate the premium shipping costs that we have experienced and we will continue to assess this pricing -- our pricing environment and make sure that we do what we can to offset the increased costs that we are experiencing. I will let Joe Heel talk a bit more about the impact on customers here.
Anders Gustafsson: I will start and then I think Joe will help out here also. First, we announced the -- our intent to acquire Matrox Imaging back in March, and they are a recognized leader in machine vision and I think that underscores our commitment to the important expansion market for us. You might remember we launched our own fixed industrial scanning portfolio last year and Matrox very much complements our fixed industrial scanning by being clear -- one of the clear leaders in the machine vision. So we are sort of very excited about what this combination can bring to us. It sort of helps us scale our business much faster and creates a very comprehensive product and solutions portfolio. And I’d say here also, Matrox has one of the absolutely most sophisticated software libraries for machine vision in the industry and we are very excited about what we can do with that together. So we feel we have a very strong platform that we can now grow off. And I think the acquisition will help Zebra to serve our customer’s needs better whether they are just beginning on their automation journey or have very complex needs. And at Zebra, we have already recruited over 100 channel partners in this space. So we feel that we are able to bring the best of Zebra and the best of Matrox to bear here. So very complementary product offerings, very complementary go-to-market activities, where we are leveraging our channel centricity and able -- we are able to bring that expertise to Matrox to help accelerate their growth
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think we believe that the situation improved through Q1 and we see it as improving over the year, but not a snap back into pre-COVID situations. We have been building more and more resiliency into our supply chain over the last several years, when tariffs happened, we set up new facilities in Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan, Mexico and so for. So we are much less dependent on China as an assembly facility. We have also worked hard on signing up long-term supply agreements with both new and existing suppliers and that is beginning to benefit us given the strong performance we had in Q1 on revenues and the solid guide we gave on Q2 outlook here. We are also continuing to buy critical components on the spot markets, that’s helping to optimize our allocation with suppliers and we have been dedicating now for quite a long time a substantial part of our engineering resources to product redesigns to minimize the impact of these long lead time components. So I think we feel we have a better visibility today, better supplier commitments and then coupled that with the product redesigns, which eliminates the need for some of these long lead time components. We feel we are in a better -- in a gradually improving environment throughout this year.
Anders Gustafsson: We don’t expect them to impact us for the quarter. There’s been -- our main Tier I assembly facilities in China are up and running, but there are some Tier 2 facilities or Tier 3 facilities that are still impacted. But based on our latest data, we expect them to be able to come online and produce what we need for the quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: No. That’s right, Keith. The first two are more really focused around the component increases and this last one is really targeted at the premium shipping costs. Primarily, if you look at the cost per kilo that we are paying, the rates have come down quite a bit from the fourth quarter to what we are seeing in March. But we don’t expect those to -- we are holding that constant in our forecast for the full year, but it’s going to take some time before we get back to pre-pandemic levels given the current environment.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. First it will be more broadly across all our product categories. We continue to drive a lot of innovation across the portfolio of our solutions and that are helping to digitize and automate frontline workflows and those are increasingly important areas of investment for our customers. And I’d say our synergistic portfolio of software and services and products are solving some very critical challenges for our customers. For the Printing business, we certainly saw some supply chain challenges across most of the printing portfolio in Q1 that was driven by some actually few key components. So it wasn’t so widespread but it’s a few key components that we needed. North America and Europe was disproportionately impacted by those challenges, but it was more a global thing. But we have succeeded in securing more of those components, particularly late in Q1 and we see then the combination of having more of those components. And some of these redesigned activities we have done to ease the need for or to enable us to get more supply and we expect to see a good sequential uptick in our Printing business in Q2 and let’s say sort of the underlying demand for our Printing business is very strong.
Anders Gustafsson: Let’s say so far Europe has been resilient and we have seen -- we had a very strong demand in first quarter. We obviously had been impacted by Russia and Ukraine. So we have about 1% to 2% of our revenues coming out of Russia and Ukraine, particularly Russia. But so far, I’d ask Joe to comment here also that our European customers have been quite resilient and we haven’t seen them pull back, you might have individual customers, but not across the Board.
Anders Gustafsson: … with the tight labor market that you see in the U.S. and Europe, our solutions become more important, right? This is -- our solutions help mitigate the need for adding workers. Basically, the same workforce can add productivity, can be more productive by utilizing our type of solutions, mobile computers, printers, robots, basically all our portfolio.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I will start and then we will see if Joe wants to add something here also. But first starting on the mobile computing side, which is the device for all. First, we had strong growth this past quarter supported by very broad-based demand across all regions. And I say here, we had a particular bright spot around rugged tablets, which we don’t talk too about as much, but we were up double digits and definitely taking share in that space. We also announced a new WS50, which is the world’s smallest all-in-one android wearable and that’s going to be available for shipment now in Q2. And then more specifically to your question about empowering every worker with the device, that is clearly a strong theme for our customers. We estimate that in retail, less than one-third of all workers are currently equipped with the device. But we are now seeing -- we worked with several large retailers today, who are deploying our devices to every one of their associates. So this trend is definitely alive and progressing. Also I’d say the partnership that we have with Microsoft Teams provides another strong collaboration platform that is aimed at frontline workers and that’s helping to drive momentum and then I will go to health care and then I will -- oh, do you want to…
Anders Gustafsson: And a couple of words on healthcare. So healthcare continues to be a very attractive growth opportunity for us as we help the healthcare industry transform. Our purpose-built solutions are critical for improving the patient journey and to drive productivity of healthcare providers more broadly. We also enhance caregiving to better address patient demands and we accomplished this by automating workflows, as well as connecting assets, patients and staff from a fiscal digital perspective. We see also a number of new attractive growth opportunities such as tablets for telehealth, where just more interest around location of equipment, and I’d say, our broad portfolio of supply is playing very well in healthcare. And lastly, our solutions are also use that we talked about in earlier call for global vaccine distribution such as for polio COVID 19 or malaria. So we start to see healthcare is being a very attractive growth market for us as we go forward.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. RFID is a very attractive market for us. It’s been commercialized for some 30 years. But we now see strong demand around apparels, in-store inventory accuracy as it was the first driver and we have seen a few large public customer announcements in the last month or so, both from Walmart and UPS, which I am not talking about our participation in this program. I am just talking about the commitment they show to RFID and how many of the suppliers and partners of those companies will also have to figure out how to deliver solutions that are compatible with their processes now. So we have seen strong growth in our RFID portfolio, somewhat more hamstrung by supply chain constraints in first one, but the backlog and the momentum for us is very strong. And we have a leading portfolio of mobile reader, RFID readers, fixed readers, and our printer and coders.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We have been redesigning a number of our products starting from last summer to now. So some of them are already in effect and working and that was part of what helped us in Q1. Others are just coming online and some are going to be completed I think more later in Q2. So, it kind of -- we -- this is a dynamic environment and we have to hook, adjust and react to feedback we get from the market about the different components. Some components might have been okay in Q3 of last year, but they were became long lead time components in Q1. So it is an ongoing program for us. But we are seeing less and less need for it. So the resources we have dedicated to it have -- we have been able to release some of those back into regular product developments. But it is helping already and I expect that it will continue to incrementally help us as we go through the year.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So if you look at our full year guide of 3% to 7%, sort of saying, you have heard earlier, which is why we are as confident as ever about the business. Strong backlog, solid orders, booking momentum here in the first part of the year and we are seeing our pricing actions taking hold, which is giving us a benefit, as well as continued improvement in supply visibility assuming. But this is also helping offset the assumed headwind of 1 point to 2 points of sales into Russia that were offsetting for the full year, as well as taking a cautious view on the second half assumptions given the broader macro uncertainties, as well as the FX volatility. So if the strong momentum definitely plays a part, but offsetting two significant headwinds between Russia, the macro uncertainty and FX.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So we did see a decrease in inventory here in the first quarter as we were able to ship more than what we had expected driving the sales in Q1 ahead of our guide and that is the expectation for the remainder of the year is that we would slowly build back inventory both from a strategic reserve WIP at our Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, as well as ultimately building back our finished good stock in our own warehouses. But I think you won’t really see the full effects of that until later in the year and early part of next year. But that’s part of the reason for our full year free cash flow guide was to give us some flexibility if we had -- if we can build inventory later in the year then we can do that.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. To wrap up, I would like to take a moment to say our thoughts are with all those affected by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, particularly our colleagues in the region and those with loved ones, who have been impacted. I would like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to serve customers and deliver better than expected Q1 results, We continue to focus on prioritizing our customers’ needs in a supply constrained environment and we look forward to welcoming the Matrox team once the acquisition closes. Thank you, everybody.
Joe Heel: Yeah. Tommy, we have been quite pleased with the impacted pricing increases have had so far in the market in the way they have been accepted by our customers. Our larger customers have generally received them with understanding, as they see price increases elsewhere in the business as well and have accepted them, and in our run rate, we have been pleased with the resiliency that we have seen as the run rate has grown despite the fact that we have increased the price. So, overall, we are quite pleased with the realization.
Joe Heel: Perhaps, the only thing I’d add on the go-to-market side is that, recruiting channel partners is the primary thrust for developing the go-to-market opportunity, but we also see a good opportunity in bringing machine vision applications to our existing large customers. I think in particular about our P&L and our manufacturing customers are looking to automate warehouses and production facility. And we already are seeing good traction as those customers have engaged with us on the fixed industrial scanning side with our existing portfolio and as they have heard about our announced acquisition of Matrox, they are very eager to engage with us on the machine vision side as well. So we see a lot of good traction on the go-to-market part.
Joe Heel: Yeah. I would add that we are seeing especially in the second half growth opportunities in the following areas. One is our run rate. Remember that our business has at least a third of it in the run rate, which is smaller transactions and that’s a segment of the market that has shown remarkable resiliency especially recently and so we are expecting that will continue through the rest of the year. Manufacturing and P&L have been quite strong as well for us as those sectors have been renewing a lot of their technology and there is interest in new technology areas there that drive greater productivity and efficiency, which will be needed by those sectors in the economic environment that we are in. So I think about things like automation and RFID, those are areas that we are seeing good demand come in and help us in the second half.
Joe Heel: Yeah. I can only echo that we have seen outside of the fact that we discontinued our sales into Russia and halted into Ukraine as well. We have not seen an adverse impact on the sales in the rest of Europe, neither in our large customer business nor in our run rate.
Joe Heel: … let me just add one thing to that point. This last point is quite important. We are beginning to see elements of the strategy that have both devices and hardware and software and services applications come together bear fruit by showing synergies in both directions. And what do I mean by that? We have already been pursuing, looking at our device customers, where we have a very strong market share and offering them some of the applications like our Workforce Connect, voice communication capability or our Reflexis task management capability and have seen good opportunity for synergies in that direction. But what we are seeing now is customers are thinking about those applications that really have their workforce collaborate. The Teams example that Anders gave and also its voice communications like Workforce Connect requires a workforce to be fully equipped, otherwise they can’t collaborate and that’s what we are now seeing is customers think in order to deploy this Workforce Connections solution or the Teams solution, I need to get a device for all our workers. We have several examples now of where that, if you will, reverse synergy has taken place and that’s a really good driver of momentum for us into that other two-thirds of workers that we have been looking forward.
Joe Heel: Yeah. I think in particular, if I may add, this is Joe Heel, that a mandate like Walmart where they are asking their suppliers to tag the product going into their stores requires not only the readers that we often think are first, but it also requires printing all of those tags and getting the tags. So we are seeing a lot of increased demand now for both printers and tags in addition to readers. So there is a good momentum in RFID. This is the technology that will drive growth for some time.
Nathan Winters: Yeah. Tommy, this is Nathan. Just the last point of your question, so if you aggregate the three price increases, it’s nearly 2-point of sales growth contribution for the full year. So, again, just to remind it is not a general increase, but they were targeted across product families and regions, and each one has a lag before you feel the full impact in the P&L as we honor committed pricing on specific deals and other contracts we have with certain customers.
Nathan Winters: Yeah, Tommy has already got a three-headed answer here. But as we said, $100 million run rate, it’s in an attractive market that’s growing high-single digits and we would expect for us to participate in that. And from a margin standpoint, it is accretive to our overall Zebra’s EBITDA rate, but not quite to maybe some of the other competitors in the market just based on size and scale of the company where it’s at today.
Nathan Winters: So from a capital allocation, we said in the prepared remarks, we ended Q1 at just below 1 point from a net debt leverage perspective. So obviously comfortable with where we are at. It gives us lot of flexibility to do both, to continue to look for attractive M&A opportunities, as well as to be active from a share repurchase perspective and we were in Q1 with over $300 million of share repurchases, we have been active here in Q2 with more than $100 million of share repurchases so far. So I think the balance sheet flexibility and the free cash flow for the year gives us that ability to do both. And again, even with the Matrox acquisition, if there are opportunities that come along, we are still active in the market.
