Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered solid second quarter results in a challenging macro environment. For the quarter, we realized sales growth of nearly 7% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.9%, a 170 basis point decrease, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.61, a 1% increase from the prior year. Customer demand remains strong for our solutions which digitize and automate workflows. We realized double-digit sales growth in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America and a slight decline in North America on strong prior comparisons. We realized growth across all major offerings including printing where we recovered nicely from a challenge in Q1. Our health care, manufacturing, and retail and e-commerce end markets each grew faster than the corporate average. Our teams successfully navigated the China COVID lockdowns and our actions to redesign certain products and secure long-term purchase agreements enabled us to generate more supply, particularly for printers. We also scaled adjusted operating expenses to drive profitability, while continuing to prudently invest in our growth initiatives. Overall, we are pleased that our second quarter sales performance was near the high-end of our expectations, and EPS exceeded our guidance range as our team executed well on our efforts to mitigate supply chain challenges. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q2 financial results in more detail and discuss our revised 2022 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll try to give as much color as I can here. I'll start little bit more on current performance which we saw in Q2 and then try to give you a little bit of a sense of how the -- how we look at the future here. But first, I just say that the trends to digitize and automate workflows and empower frontline workers that continues to accelerate and in driving increased customer demand for our solutions across all our vertical markets. Retail and e-commerce grew faster than the corporate average in Q2 -- still very strong prior comparisons. We do continue to see strong momentum of omni-channel implementations, which is -- which are straining our customers resources and that's also driving investments in technology and automation that is necessary for retailers to continue to transform their businesses. If you look at the -- in the actual store, expanding buyer line pickup, install use cases and delivery use cases require retailers to equip more associated with mobile computers, along with -- also implementing more workflow software optimization solutions. And in the warehouse we see investments in productivity and visibility as essential to their transformation. We've also expanded with some new attractive go-to-market partnerships like Microsoft and Google that helps to elevate our strategic positioning within the retail vertical as well as other verticals. And we have a very diversified retail e-commerce customer base, and each of those customers are on their own refresh cycle, which helps to reduce volatility for us. I also say that our pipelines remain very strong. And although this is a quite a challenging environment, there are several retailers who have recently publicly talked about their intend to maintain investments in technology as they try to continue to drive or execute on their visions and their strategies. There are certainly a few customers that are ahead of their investment curves. But I would say most are playing catch up with investments in solutions like ours, particularly in a labor constrained environment, where they need to improve productivity, inventory accuracy and customer service levels. So as I would say, this feels more like a normal year for us and that most customers are investing and proceeding with healthy -- healthily with their plans. But there are some they're pulling back a bit. But this is the value that we have of a diversified customer portfolio that allows us to not be overly dependent on any one customer. And I'd say it's also noteworthy that, we continue to grow despite the cyclicality of some of these large customers that we have, and that it's a testament to our diversified customer base. I hope that helps.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, Tommy, if you look at our Q3 guide of 22%, I'd say just if you look year-on-year, it's up 30 bps from the last year. And when you dig into that, over 2 points increase from strong volume leverage, the pricing benefits, taking traction from what we've executed over the last 9 months, as well as we're seeing solid improvement in the underlying gross margin across the portfolio, but that's offset by nearly 2 points of FX, as we're forecasting slightly above parity. And Q3 is the first quarter where the premium supply chain costs have a neutral impact year-on-year. Sequentially from the second quarter, it's flat -- as you get some improvement from -- improvement in overall premium supply chain costs, but that's offset by FX and slightly unfavorable deal mix. So that's kind of your Q2 to Q3 dynamic. If you look at the fourth quarter, the rate increase is really driven by two dynamics. One would be continued improvement in overall premium supply chain costs, as we are taking actions here in the third quarter to reduce air freight, moving print ocean that you'll see the benefit for in the fourth quarter, as well as you get nice volume leverage sequentially in terms of revenue -- increased in revenue on a relatively flat OpEx profile. So a bit -- almost half the driver is volume leverage with the other half being continued improvement in overall cost position.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So both of the supply chain costs in the second quarter, I think first we saw a 20% reduction in the cost profile from the first quarter on a 4% higher sequential revenue profile. So I think, sequentially, we're seeing the improvement that we had anticipated in our guidance and things relative played out how we expected for the second quarter. If you look at it from a elevated shipping cost per kilo, we noted that those costs were continuing to trend down throughout the first quarter. And they held relatively flat to what we saw in March throughout the first -- throughout the second quarter. And we expect those to hold through the second half of the year. The real benefit was we were able to reduce purchases of some of the critical components on the spot market at elevated prices. And again, that was the primary driver from the improvement in Q2. And we expect that to continue to improve as we get to the second half of the year. And as I stated before, the key driver now is really managing as we increased our printer output filling up the pipeline on the ocean and start to get that benefit in the fourth quarter as it's a fraction of the cost to ship some of the larger printers on ocean versus air.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first, I'd say that, to talk about all our product categories here that we drove nice growth across all the major product categories in Q2 and we continue to drive innovation across the portfolio. That's all helping to digitize and automate our customers workflows. And they are -- our solutions are that much more critical today as our customers are fighting labor shortages and inflationary pressure. For print specifically here, we did see very strong growth in Q2. We had nice recovery from a challenging Q1 supply situation and we had record revenues in Q2, and we manufactured and sold more printers than we've ever done in any quarter historically. And we do expect the backlog to continue to return to more normal levels or recover the delinquent backlog and also to start shipping more on ocean in Q3 and Q4. As printing has -- maybe has grown faster than GDP by a couple of percentage points, at least over the last many years, we continue to see printers having an attractive growth profile. And we have -- we’ve been gaining share steadily over a long period of time. And I see no reason for why we shouldn't be able to continue to do that going forward also. So I feel good about our printing portfolio and the positioning and the growth we should be able to drive. And I'll also ask Joe, to give some perspectives here.
Anders Gustafsson: We think similar priorities as normal, we were comfortable with the overall debt levels and cash positions that gives us a lot of flexibility as we enter the second half and into next year. To continue to priorities investment in the business both inorganic, organic, we have exciting opportunities in both of those and share repurchases will remain a nice flexible way to return capital to shareholders. So I'd say no change in the overall capital allocation approach as we go into the second half of the year.
Anders Gustafsson: And I'd say the bookings velocity has remained pretty stable this year. So it's very strong. We haven't seen evidence of a recession or predict a slowdown.
Anders Gustafsson: So first, you're right. We wish we can say very much on that. It's a confidential agreement. But what we did settle a number of competing lawsuits with Honeywell regarding alleged patent infringement. We agreed to pay $360 million, paid over eight quarterly installments started in q2 of this year, so last quarter. And going forward, we have a royalty free, both of us enjoy a royalty free cross license, that means there's no future impact or payments. And you should just remember them from a size of the payment here that this is reflecting the relative size of our business. We are that much bigger, our market is that much larger. So that has a direct impact on that from a competitive perspective, but I don't see that having an impact. We feel very good about our portfolio, competitive positioning and our innovation. Our customers certainly resonate with our vision and our direction. So we feel good about where we are.
Anders Gustafsson: Just one more comment on that. The reason we started putting printers on air was a based on long lead times. So that was to make sure we could prioritize meeting customer expectations of customer demand. But the intent was always to move it back to ocean as soon as supply chain constraints started to ease up a bit. And on the air capacity, certainly in, say in the U.S., and I think part of Europe, you're seeing passenger travel increase. In and out of China, I don't think we've seen a big increase and that's where the biggest bottleneck is. But we do hear, let's say, Hong Kong is looking to add more air capacity, so there will be a slight benefit to us.
Anders Gustafsson: To wrap up, I would just like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to serve customers and deliver a better-than-expected Q2 results. We continue to focus on prioritizing our customers mission critical needs and scaling our vibrant expansion markets. And we would also like to wish a warm welcome to the Matrox Imaging team. Thank you everyone.
Joe Heel: Yes. Andrew, I might also point towards opportunities that we have to continue to expand in areas beyond a pure GDP growth. I'll give you two examples. One would be a use case expansion, where we can continue track and trace is becoming increasingly important, for example, in pharmaceuticals, and expanding in those use cases can help us grow beyond GDP. And another one would be a segment expansion, for example, our entry into the SOHO printer market would be evidence of that. So I think we have opportunities to weather volatilities in a GDP.
Joe Heel: Yes, I would only emphasize that the regional distribution of growth that we saw in Q2 is not reflective of the underlying demand situation, but much more reflective of how we allocated supply in times of shortage based on the shortest path that we have to get supply into a market.
Joe Heel: Yes, I mean, first, I would just remind that we still have a record backlog, right. So in terms of what's driving our demand for the next quarters, that is still a very dominant force, for visibility to new orders. One good thing about the pandemic is that it has driven our customers to be much more forthcoming with their expectations of their business. We now have much better visibility than we had before, with some customers giving us up to a year's worth of at least visibility in some cases, even orders. So that's -- whether that will relax again a little bit as supply becomes more available. We'll see. But at the moment, we're enjoying much better visibility quarters ahead in many cases.
Joe Heel: Yes, I would perhaps add the following sort of from the outlook perspective. Matrox is refocused on the manufacturing sector, and has a good strength there. And we complement them very well, because we are now able to introduce them to customers in the T&L sector, in particular. And the cyclicality of those two is again different, and therefore provides us with some opportunity to continue growth through diversification between the two companies. So that's a strength we're building on.
Nathan Winters: Yes, so if you look at our free cash flow, again, the -- for the first half decrease in relative to what we expect in the second half was really around the higher use of working capital and the timing of sales, as particularly in the second quarter with the China lockdown. I mean, June was one of our, I think, our highest revenue quarters on -- in history, just given the delay of getting products out of China into ship. And that obviously has a drag on from a collection of timing. And we expect that to normalize as we go into the second half of the year. And so that's -- that'll be a big driver of the increase in cash flow as we go to the second half of the year. And I would say, overall we target 100% free cash flow conversion over a cycle. We've been over 100% the last several years, if you go back to 2020 over 130 last year over a 100. This year if you normalize for the settlement around 80%. So I think, again, what we'd expect next year to recover back closer that 100% range is that we target. But obviously you can't say above a 100% forever. So this is a little bit of a year of catching up for the outperformance in the past couple of years.
Nathan Winters: Yes, I'd say if you look at from a gross margin perspective, I think actually look at total Q3, both gross margin and OpEx from a scaling and rate perspective will be similar to Q2 and thus the similar in terms of EBITDA rate of around 22%. And as we go into the fourth quarter, you'd expect both to improve as the -- as we're able to lower some of the supply chain costs, that'll be an improvement on gross margin. And then we'll get some nice OpEx scaling as we head into the fourth quarter as we expect costs to remain relatively -- OpEx remain relatively flat from a dollars perspective as we go through the second half of the year. So those be some of the dynamics as we play through the third and fourth quarter.
Nathan Winters: If you look again at this, we said Q3 2% to 4%, again, we said we're entering the quarter with a strong backlog bookings around 4% organic growth. So nice results considering the loss of Russia about 1 to 2 points as well as a strong prior year compare for Q3. And, again, the actions we're taking are really around late in the quarter to avoid some of the premium air costs that are sometimes necessary to get product over and deliver before the quarter as well as the shift in moving print to ocean, so obviously that takes a few extra weeks from a timing perspective. So this is really around, what will be delivered late in September versus into October. And we think that's the right trade off for the business long-term, as at some point you have to rebuild that funnel. And that value and benefit will obviously impact Q4 and be a big driver as we head into next year as well. So tough to quantify what that is. And we're still working those plans out here over the next month in terms of exactly how much we anticipate to get onto the ocean. But, again, that's where we're really limiting that sales growth to push some of that volume to the fourth quarter to take advantage of the lower freight costs.
Nathan Winters: But it's clear that we do have -- we have the order coverage, therefore, this is what we're looking at supply chain and optimizing our cost profile.
Nathan Winters: That's right. That’s right. Yes, the conscious decision to limit Q3 growth in order to improve the cost profiles are going to the fourth quarter.
Nathan Winters: No, I'd say by the end of the fourth quarter. It'll be building the pipeline in the third quarter, so as we go into next year we're in a healthy position.
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think if you look at the guidance for the second half, Matrox is accretive to our overall EBITDA margin. So that's -- but it was more than offset with the impact of FX just given the relative size and impact. So it's not a headwind from an EBITDA rated. But it's neutral from an EPS perspective, particularly with as we -- until we pay down the debt from the debt cost. So -- but from an EBITDA guide, it was partially accretive from the last outlook. But again, that was more than offset with the headwind from FX.
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think if you look at the -- if we break it into three components, one of those is what are the things we can control, which is limiting the amount of buy we do on the spot market as we work with our direct suppliers. And that's one of the benefits you saw from Q1 to Q2 in the second half. So that we expect to continue to decline. Moving print to ocean, again, is another thing that we can control that we'd expect to improve. I'd say we're not expecting at least, anytime in the near future, the kind of the underlying rate or cost per kilo to improve. I don't think you'd see until there's a significant increase in capacity -- global air capacity, while you see that rate improvement that's part of the reason we did the price increase in July, was to begin to offset that with a pricing increase. So that's the other benefit driving some of the margin as we get into Q3 and Q4 as the overlays of the pricing action. So again, two of the three variables we can control and expect to continue to improve the one around kind of that underlying air rate, I don't expect to see material improvement in that until you see something changing capacity. And that's the reason for the price increase on our side.
Nathan Winters: The  are moving or printing, you can think the large tabletop desktop printer to ocean that's how we've historically shipped it before the third quarter of last year. So 80%, 90% of that we shipped on ocean just given its relative weight. So irregardless of the rates, it's cheaper to put on ocean versus air, given the size and density of those products. The rest of the portfolio has always primarily been shipped on air via air and so that's again where those air rates were apart. So, I’d say we're going back to our normal modes of -- normal modes of transportation, with this shift here as we go to the second half of the year,
