R. Hoover: Thank you, Franz, and good morning, everyone. This is Ball Corporation's conference call regarding the company's second quarter 2010 results. The information provided during this call will contain forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied. Some factors that could cause the results or outcomes to differ in the company's latest 10-Q and in other company SEC filings, as well as company news releases. And if you don't have our earnings release, it's available on our website, which is at ball.com. Information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures may also be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is John Hayes, Ball's President, Chief Operating Officer; and Scott Morrison, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. In a moment, Scott's going to comment on our financial performance for the quarter and for 2010, and then John will follow details about our operating performance. Ball reported strong second quarter results. Increasing volumes across our Packaging businesses, strong operating performance and positive contributions from the strategic actions we've been taking during the last couple of years led to our improved results. During the quarter we closed our acquisition of the JFP joint venture plan in China, and we announced our agreement to sell our Plastics business to Amcor for $280 million in cash. We also increased our authorization to repurchase up to 12 million shares. Also in the quarter, Ball published its second corporate sustainability report, highlighting progress on our goals in five key areas of focus which are: Packaging, energy, water and waste, safety and talent management. You can read the report and expanded details on ball.com. Earlier this week, we announced the acquisition of Neuman Aluminum, the largest North American manufacturer of metal discs that are made into extruded aluminum bottles and containers used for personal care and beverage products. Well, we're very pleased with our strengthening performance this year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
R. Hoover: Thank you, John, and thank you, Scott, for your comments as well. We're pleased with our performance so far this year and while we expect the positive momentum to continue, we recognize that the world economy still faces challenges. But so far, so good for Ball. We continue to seek opportunities for growth both organically and through acquisitions, rest assured that we're going to remain focused on maintaining our track record of disciplined, balanced capital deployment. Last year, from continuing operations adjusted for the sale of the Plastics business, we made $3.92 for the full year. In the first half of this year, the comparable earnings were $2.25, a very strong performance. And we're going to do our best to meet or exceed the first half performance in the second half of 2010.  And with that, Franz, I believe we're ready for questions.
R. Hoover: This is Dave. Acquisitions, as you know us, Claudia, and as you go back over many years, we've been able to find value, acquire it, integrate it, take on debt, pay down debt, buy stock and so forth. It's something we understand, know how to do. We are continuing to look for value-creating acquisitions. And as Scott mentioned in his comments, we think our leverage is certainly at a very comfortable level. So even though we said we're going to buy more than $400 million in stock this year, that certainly not going to be a hindrance to our being able to execute acquisitions. We're well-financed and in good shape, flowing a lot of cash.
R. Hoover: From Ball's perspective, this was a bit of a deliberate activity over the past couple of years and we've talked about that in the past, certainly in the first quarter call. I think as we look forward over the next couple of years, most of our volumes are contracted under long-term contracts, so we believe that generally speaking, we're going to be entering into a period of relative volume stability, where over the past couple of years hasn't been as stable as it historically have been for Ball.
R. Hoover: None of the sales go to Ball. And I think we said in the press release, annual sales the last time measured were about $128 million.
R. Hoover: I think you are seeing activity in both those markets from us. In Brazil, we opened a new plant the first of the year, we're installing a second line in that plant and are adding as we contract for business, long-term contract for business capacity. The new plant has room for at least one more line and there may be other possibilities. And in China, I think that market, particularly driven by the beer and the tea business, affords us continuing opportunity. We've been in China since 1985. And we've got a large market share there and certainly intend to continue to prosecute it. We also would look elsewhere in Asia if the opportunity will arrive, we can contract and if we can make a good return. So I don't think we favor one place over another, what we really look for is the opportunity.
R. Hoover: Let me put it this way. Back before the deposit, it was about a 7.5 billion to 8 billion can market, of which about 1 billion were exported out of Germany. So call it 6.5 billion, 7 billion of consumed in the country. It got down to low of a couple hundred million units afterwards. And it wasn't -- but two or three years ago, that was still only about 500 million for the year that were consumed in Germany. Through the first six months of this year, it's 500 million. So over the past couple of years, we've effectively doubled what it is. And so the future will be what the future is, but we're feeling a lot more constructive today than we have in the past relative to cans getting back on the shelves in Germany.
R. Hoover: We learned that if you invest money in places that don't make their return on the cost of capital, it's not as good if you do invest money in investments that's earn on their cost of capital.
R. Hoover: No. I think a few things. I think about all that. We didn't get into it, thinking that we were going to perform as we have. The market has changed quite a bit over the last couple of years, and particularly on the CSD and water side, and as we look at in the future. So consolidation was an appropriate thing to have happened in the market. We did not believe that, where we were positioned, it makes sense for us to be the consolidator, and it's as simple as that. We had a great plants. We did make money and we flow a lot of cash out of that business over the years that we had it. But as we got to making the decision, I think, what happened for us is going to be very good as we look into the future, and what has happened for the person that bought this, the company that bought it, you've got help to them. Not that, that's our goal necessarily just to help our competitors or other companies, but it's a situation where we've got lots of good people in that business who worked really, really hard and the market just wasn't ever set up, so that we could earn. I think what you have to try to figure out is where you can have advantage in whatever you do. And in the kind of businesses that we're in, are slug it out, tough businesses. Cost is very important. You got to do everything as near perfectly as you can to satisfy customer need. But there's no doubt in my mind that we've got lots of opportunity now, particularly on the Metal side of the business all around the world. The things that we're looking at and the possibilities including organic growth, including acquisitions, and we're flowing lots of cash. The company's is in a wonderful shape. I can see it improving over the next few years, just from the hand that we're dealt right now. So borrowing some unforeseen events, this company is in good strong position, and that business just didn't fit our portfolio anymore.
R. Hoover: I think as to how that causes us to allocate capital, you see us generating $500 million in free cash. Likely growth opportunities then in terms of where markets are growing, aren't right here. At the same time, we've got very good install base, a very good system. Our plants are very, very good. So when we do spend capital, it's to maintain the good positions that we have and/or one-off opportunities like the Alumi-Tek bottled can that we're manufacturing and/or the new small cans for soft drink. First on who we may commit capital for growth within a market, that overall, may not necessarily be growing. Remember, we've closed a number of facilities in this industry over the last decade or so, including a couple within the last two years. So I think what John said is you have to know who you are and where you are. We can make lots of money and pull lots of cash in a nice flat can market in North America. That's what I would tell you.
R. Hoover: Let's not forget, we have our Lublin facility that we have not talked about turning back on stream. And that provides a lot of option value for us in that, and where we stand today is where we stood at the end of the first quarter. We've seen some growth in the market. Germany is quite helpful and it's been growing, but is it enough to turn on Lublin, right now? No, it's not enough. But we monitor that very closely, and we have plans in place that if the market does continue to grow quite strongly, that we can service the demand there.
R. Hoover: It's just too early to say. The can really hadn't been on the market in any meaningful way for approximately eight years. And so there is a bit of reeducation by the consumer. And because of that, it is just premature to predict anything.
R. Hoover: Generally speaking, it was off mid to upper-single digits. It depends by country. I'm excluding Russia in this, although I think Russia was off about 8%, which is consisted with the rest of Eastern Europe. It really did. The weather wasn't as good there in Western Europe, but I wouldn't attribute it for that. It's just a function of the economies in that region we're on such a growth there. It came off very strong in the second half of '08 and '09, there's a lag relative to Western Europe, and I think we're just seeing that lag right now in terms of economic recovery.
R. Hoover: A little bit, but this comes with ebs and flows. We've got the Labor Day weekend coming up in a month time. And with the chatter we hear in the industry that there may be promotions there again. And so it comes and goes, so I wouldn't read into it too much. The only thing that we can say is there was continual promotion from Memorial Day through 4th of July, and for the most part, it was discontinued after the 4th of July. But that doesn't it won't pick up again.
R. Hoover: I think what we do if it really start to take off, we'd optimize our system in terms of freight and other things, going across borders of between countries.
R. Hoover: We're looking everywhere in the developing world. We've got strong positions in China and in Brazil, and they're both growing. But there are other parts of the world where there are lots of people and not many cans, and so we're looking all the time. We're also conscious of the fact that a building they-will-come strategy in this industry makes no sense. So if we go to some place new, we're going to have contracts at volumes over a long enough period of time that we believe we can get there and be solid. But we think over time, these economies are going to continue to keep growing. They're going to continue to create a stronger middle class that has more purchasing power. We're going to be following our customers, our good customers. I think from time to time, we're adding capacity on those markets.
R. Hoover: Thank you, Franz, very much and thanks for calling us back. But thanks to all of you to signing in for the conference call. We look forward to speaking with you after the third quarter.
Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dave. Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.38, well ahead of last year's $1.14, a more than 20% improvement. Volume improvements in our Global Metal Packaging businesses, efficient plant operating performance and disciplined cost controls contributed to the improved results. These positive factors were offset somewhat by a higher interest cost, a higher effective tax rate. A weaker euro negatively impacted diluted earnings per share by $0.02 in the quarter and $0.06 year-to-date. At present rate, the FX headwinds are expected to increase in the second half of the year. The Plastics business is now reflected under discontinued operations at our financial statements. The sale resulted in a charge of approximately $76 million in the second quarter. The bulk of this charge is related to goodwill impairment. For a complete summary of second quarter results on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, please refer to the notes section of today's earnings release. Turning to some key financial metrics. Interest expense in the quarter was up as expected due to the acquisition financing from last year's purchase of the four metal beverage plants. And an extra month of interest expense from carrying both the new bond issued in March and the 2012 notes we redeemed into April. We still anticipate full year interest expense to be approximately $140 million. Given the improvement seen to date in our North American packaging operations, we expect the full year tax rate to be around 33%. At current exchange rates, year end net debt is expected to be approximately $2.4 billion, essentially where we ended 2009, or on a comparable basis, we're down over $200 million due to the AR securitization being reflected on the balance sheet. Even without the cash flow, we would have historically generated in the second half of the year from our Plastics business, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $0.5 billion in 2010, excluding the impact of the AR securitization coming out of the balance sheet. As stated in this morning's press release, and as a result of our strong free cash flow, we expect to repurchase an excess of $400 million of our stock during 2010. As of today's conference call, we have acquired $250 million of stock this year. Our balance sheet, liquidity and capital structure are where we want to be, so expect us to return a majority of our free cash flow through share repurchases absent other significant strategic opportunities. With that, I'll turn it over to John to talk more about the operations.
Scott Morrison: Since the end of the quarter, we have repurchased another 110 million. That's how I got to the 250 million, year-to-date. And we plan to continue that, the purchases to get us to at least 400 million for the year. The share count as of year-to-date, I'll come back to you on that. I don't have the exact number listed today.
Scott Morrison: If you look at our free cash flow, we always said this year, we've got about $250 million of term loan payments this year that would come out of free cash flow. The rest of that free cash flow being used to repurchase shares, and then the bulk of the proceeds from the Plastic sale to use to repurchase shares. So we see that payment coming out of free cash flow. And shares outstanding, as of the end of the quarter, were 91.5 million.
Scott Morrison: I think in North America, as you're speaking, we don't view necessarily it as "growth market". You have to understand, you are who you are. We do think there's growth pockets. We talked about specialty, we talked Craft Brewing and we talked about the market share gains even in the Beer segment. CSD, some of the larger CSDs, customers are trying to figure out how to reinvigorate the growth. In fact, every one of them has specific plans in doing that. They're in the midst of implementing them. And as we go forward, who knows what it is but we also recognize it. Probably won't be a growth market in terms of the CSD side, but on the standard container. But on some of the specialty ones, we've seen growth in those segments offset some of the climbs we've seen in 12 ounce.
Scott Morrison: No, I would agree. We're in a fortunate position. Our balance sheet is in great shape. Our capital structures is where we want it to be. So in these times in the past, we've already had the most net free cash flow to buying back stock until that next opportunity comes along. We've been able to buy things in the last year or so, and our cash flow has been so strong that our debt actually gone down. So we're in a good place, and we can be opportunistic.
Scott Morrison: Yes. If you look at the currency last year, from May on, the euro really strengthened. And so unless that happens again, we have a fairly sizable headwind from a euro conversion standpoint. But we think were making more money in euros, which is the translation that's hurting us.
Scott Morrison: We expect it to still be around $500 million as we look forward, and improving. We think our businesses have opportunities to improve the earnings going forward, and we don't see big changes as it relates to what our working capital needs are. John talked about some opportunities and specialty in new geographies that might pop up our CapEx overtime, but not meaningfully.
John Hayes: George, this is John. Why don't I try and tackle that. I think we mentioned on the first quarter call that -- I'll talk North American first, North American beverage. We ran our business as a system, and we've had volumes moving around within our newly acquired facilities and our existing facilities. So it's difficult to separate out. Having said that, we acquired relatively full-out plants from Metal Container nine months ago or so. If you take those out of the equation, our remaining plants were about down 3% or so for the quarter. But as we also said in the first quarter, as we go into 2010 and '11, in 2010 we stepped back in terms of some of our volumes over the last 18 months or so related primarily to the plant closures, remember Kent, Washington and Kansas City among others, and we're trying to be a bit more disciplined. Having said that, going into 2011, we expect to be up relative to the market as we rebalance our customer portfolio. Over in Europe, some of the trends that we saw, certainly in Western Europe continued. It was up high single digits, I think in the 8% or so range. Eastern Europe was a bit soft, I think the economy is not improving in Eastern Europe relative to Western Europe and there's a bit of a lag there. But overall, we were up mid-single digits. Our exports remain a bit soft but some of our bigger markets including the Netherlands and the U.K. were up quite nicely and there's been good weather in Europe in addition to the World Cup. So we feel relatively constructive as we go into the second half of the year, that the trends we saw in the second quarter will continue.
John Hayes: Yes. As you know, the seasonality plays a factor in it but we were running hand to mouth in North America and Europe in the second quarter. And certainly, as we go into 2011, we expect it to be full out.
John Hayes: I don't think -- I'll tackle that last question first. I don't think we're terribly concerned, it's a bit premature to talk about 2011. But even with some of the promotional activities, let's remember that the overall can market is flat. So it's not like we've seen a big bump up relative to certainly last year's comps. And so as we go into 2011, I think the CSD and the beer people are looking at the value versus volume equation. We can tell you that the can had taken a little bit of share relative to other packaging substrates in some of those markets but I don't think any meaningful deviations have occurred. On the specialty side, we continue to see strong interest in a whole variety of different sizes. As you know, this year with the big CSD customer, we launched a 7.5-ounce container. We're seeing strong growth in some of the smaller sizes, as well as some of the larger sizes. Remember 2009, the larger sizes, largely on the energy drink side were impacted because of the housing downturn and the people were purchasing much less at the C-store [convenience store] level. We're seeing that starting to come back and so we continue to believe that our good position in the specialty side will continue to give us benefits as we go forward.
John Hayes: On the Neuman Aluminum side, it's a very good business with technology that allows us to participate in this adjacent market. It does provide good opportunities to pursue the aluminum aerosol market, which you know we also do tin plate on the aluminum side, so there's a customer leverage point there. We acquired it on financial terms that are quite attractive and we're going to exceed our cost to capital in the first year. And also, it does play well into our initiatives around sustainability and recycling. So as we said, it wasn't a big acquisition and we paid approximately $60 million. But it does give us a lot of various options as we go forward to help grow our business in a part of the space that we understand quite well.
John Hayes: This was very good news in the second quarter and as I said off of a very low base, it was still up 50%. There's a number of big-box retailers in Germany and the number three and number four retailers are the ones that have been listing, so that's good news. We'd love to see number one and number two but that's for tomorrow, not today. We believe as we look forward that we have the ability to optimize our system to provide growth in that market as we go forward. As you know, that's a very important market to us and we're going to make sure that we have the necessary capacity in place. I think you should not expect us to be spending capital in that region. We can do various speed ups and optimization projects, without adding a lot of capacity and get more out of the system. It varies by the seasonality of the business as well, but we feel quite confident that we'll be able to service that market as it continues to grow.
John Hayes: Not really at all. As I said, in the first quarter of this year, Eastern Europe was strong. And in fact stronger than we expected, but that was off a very week comp in first quarter '09. Second quarter was soft a bit and all of our indications is more economically driven where the economies are not recovering as fast, and there's a bit of a delay relative to Western Europe. But that aside, yes, there probably was a bit of a bump. It was good to see the Netherlands in the finals and Spain in the finals as well. So there's probably a little bump but it's very difficult to quantify but the trends we saw in the second quarter continue into the third quarter.
John Hayes: I think that's a good summary. The long-term intent wasn't necessarily just to get in the slug business. It's probably something more. And as we develop those plans, people will probably hear about them.
John Hayes: I think not only in Eastern Europe but in many parts of the world, we have seen over the past 12 to 18 months shifts in packaging materials that have been favoring the can. We've seen it in Asia, we've seen it in South America, we've seen a touch of it here in North America. And again in Europe, as you said so. I don't think it's just unique to one area. But the can has been gaining shares because I think people are recognizing that it's one of the best packages in the supply chain from a value and sustainability perspective.
John Hayes: It really is too early to comment. As we said, we have a variety of proposals out. We always expected -- come the third quarter that's when the rubber would be meet the road. And we're at that point right now and we feel constructive about some of them. Some of them have been pushed out to the right because of because the government's decision-making process, I'll call it. But it is premature to talk about, it's quarter-by-quarter certainly in 2011.
John Hayes: The answer to both of those question is yes, absolutely. I don't have the exact numbers on, but the growth of the can in the Craft segment is quite strong. There's over 2,000 Craft brewers in America, but you're seeing a lot of the big ones to start to go in. Here in Colorado, there's New Belgium, there's Oskar Blues, that have really been pushing it strongly. We continue to see those trends improve, and in fact, several major publications over the last six months, there has been a various articles about the resurgence of cans as a premium package in the Craft Brewing segment. So I think all that chatter we hear from our various customers and new potential customers is bullish relative to Craft Beer going into cans.
John Hayes: We don't comment necessarily on specific customer types of things, but as an industry, generally speaking, the Craft Brewing Industry does have interest in cans.
John Hayes: As you pointed out, tin is a small part of the overall tinplate. When we talk with our suppliers around the price of tinplate steel, we talk about the price as tinplate steel, not about necessarily the varied components of it. There is a level of -- the cost inputs play an important factor in that. But it's also about the supply and demand of steel generally speaking. So to summarize, we don't specifically talk about the cost of the tin going into tinplate.
John Hayes: Everyone faces cost going up and going down. And so the only thing I can comment is we buy tinplate, our discussions are around the cost of tinplate.
John Hayes: I don't have that rate in front of me, but if you define specialty as anything other than 33 centiliter or 50 centiliter, that's growing and growing at a rate to 2x to 3x the overall market. 50 centiliter is typically the beer package and 33 is the soft drink package. Beer has been a bit soft if you look at some of the results, the global brewers have put out, you can see it in there. So the 33 has performed well, but some of the other ones, 15 centiliter for soft drink has performed well, some of the larger sizes five, six, eight for energy drinks, things like that. And they've been growing at a rate faster than the 33 and 50's.
John Hayes: Our folks has been doing a wonderful job in terms of cost optimization in our plants. We've seen a lot of very continued good improvement at the plant level. In terms of price, there wasn't a lot of price gains necessarily. So I think the majority of the gains and profitability had to do with volume and with cost improvements.
John Hayes: No, there really were not any appreciable changes in volume trends through those, sequentially, through the quarter. I'm just trying to think by region. I can't think of anything on top of our head.
John Hayes: No, that is not correct. I think the overall industry was up 3% or 4% in the food cans, and we are consistent with that. Where we're up higher, and the industry was up higher, was on the Aerosol side. And that was in the 8%-plus-or-minus range of growth, not only for us but also for the industry where you saw a lot of destocking last year. People are starting to put things back in their garages and pantries.
John Hayes: Lublin is in Poland, but we've never even started it up. But whatever it allowed us to do is service some of our Polish volume that's currently bringing serve out of Germany, we'd be able to do that. And given that we haven't started it up, as you all know, the first line you can get out of the blocks, probably 700 million cans and that would grow over time as you optimize that line, and then each incremental line is about the same.
John Hayes: George, my apologies in advance because I don't have the specific numbers in front us. But in North America, the specialty volumes have been growing approximately in the upper single digits if I remember it correctly. And yes, in terms of some of the sizes, we are bumping up against capacity constraints. And so what we've been doing as you know in the specialty side is typically, unless it's Alumi-Tek, as David mentioned earlier, we look to convert 12 ounce if that makes sense to do some of the smaller specialty sizes. And if there's real growth opportunities, we might look at doing something else if we need to. In Europe, I think, I mentioned it before, other than 33 and 50s, it has been growing more than 2x the overall growth. And it varies by country, and it varies by CSD versus beer, the CSD isn't growing a little bit faster than the beer has over, on specialty sizes, over in Europe. And so that's the key takeaways, I think.
John Hayes: Actually the specialty can has been growing in both Europe and the U.S. at a rate, at least year-to-date, 3x the amount of that. And so we're seeing double-digit growth in North America, and a busy tired even in Europe.
