Scott Morrison: Thanks Dan. Full year 2022 comparable diluted earnings per share were $2.78 versus $3.49 in 2021 and fourth quarter comparable diluted earnings per share were $0.44 versus $0.97 in 2021. Full year sales were up due to the pass-through of higher aluminum prices and aerospace performance offset by currency translation and inflation in Europe and fourth quarter sales were lower largely due to the sale of our Russian businesses. As Dan mentioned, fourth quarter and to a large extent full year diluted earnings per share reflect higher aluminum aerosol results, lower corporate expense and a lower share count more than offset by higher interest expense, higher comparable effective tax rate, comparable operating earnings declined in North and South America and EMEA attributable to the sale of our Russian business, cost inflation and unfavorable earnings translation. I would like to take the opportunity to proactively address the year-over-year results in our North and Central America segment. 50% of the North and Central America operating earnings decline in the fourth quarter was driven by unfavorable swing in fourth quarter volumes versus 2021. We were up 5% in fourth quarter of 2021 and down 7% in the fourth quarter of 2022. And the other 50% reflects the confluence of unfavorable fixed cost absorption that was planned entering the fourth quarter, customer mix and the timing effect of high cost inventory ahead of customer sell-through. This larger than expected headwind is the byproduct of volume declines, aluminum price volatility, and our proactive decision to greatly reduce production to meet current market conditions during the quarter. The segments earnings are anticipated to rebound late in the first half of 2023 as high cost inventory sells-through and volume production stabilizes across the consolidated plant system. And after July, segment earnings will accelerate further as we enter the busy summer selling season and all of the contractual inflation recovery will be effective. As we explained on our third quarter earnings call, during 2021, we ramped up our metal purchases to meet what we expected would be strong 2022 growth in North America. We did this at a time of rising metal prices. And while we are largely protected from metal price changes in our P&L, it does impact the cash flow and the amount of metal payables. Earlier this year or earlier last year, when we saw that volumes would not materialize as expected in 2022, we began to reduce metal purchases. This also coincided with declining metal prices, which reduced the metal payables even further. And again, typically not a material P&L impact due to our inventory hedging. The net result is less billed in the accounts payable than originally planned. The result was a use of over $900 million in working capital for full year 2022. This will normalize in 2023 as both metal prices and our metal take should stabilize. As we sit here today, some key metrics to keep in mind. We ended 2022 in a solid liquidity position with over $500 million in cash and $1.5 billion in committed credit availability. 2023 CapEx will be in the range of $1.2 billion, driven by cash outflows related to prior year's projects. We will generate free cash flow in the range of $750 million in 2023 and initially focused on deleveraging. Our 2023 full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will be in the range of 20% and full year 2023 interest expense will be in the range of $415 million. Full year 2023 corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable are expected to be around $90 million. Including the $86 million Russian operating earnings headwind, comparable operating earnings should increase over $200 million in full year 2023, comparable D&A will likely be in the range of $560 million. Recall that in 2022, we returned over $830 million to shareholders. And as we look forward, year-end 2023 net debt to comparable EBITDA is expected to trend towards 3.5 times, and we may want to drive it lower. Last week, Ball declared its quarterly cash dividend and an alignment with our Investor Day commentary after we navigate the first half of 2023, we'll address the path to resuming share repurchases. Rest assured, as fellow owners, we will manage the business through the lens of EVA and cash stewardship, and we will effectively manage our supply chain and customers in this current economic climate to secure the best cash, earnings and EVA outcome for our shareholders. We are happy to have 2022 behind us, and I'm excited and optimistic for 2023. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Dan.
Scott Morrison: I'll touch that and then why don't you touch innovation as part of this question. Yeah. George, I think why we feel optimistic is we are definitely seeing input costs moderate. And whether it's European energy is not going to be as bad as what people predicted. We're largely hedged in Europe, lower than where the spot price is today. That really squeezed us last year. We're getting all the PPI pass-through. We started to see freight rates, warehousing, lots of input cost moderating. And so, as we sit here today, we feel pretty good about kind of the cost input side being in a much more stable place. You kind of had long-term rates kind of peak. Short-term rates are still ticking up a little bit, and so we'll feel that in our interest expense for 2023, but we feel much better. Dan, why don't you talk about the innovation.
Scott Morrison: Sure. Most of the spend this year, George, that 1.2 are things that are already in flight. And as we've talked about we've got -- we'll have enough capital on the ground after completing these couple of things in Europe. We'll be in a pretty good spot. So, I would expect, although it's February 2 of 2023, I would expect in 2024, we'll see that drop further.
Scott Morrison: I would just add on South America. In the first quarter last year, we will lap the customer breach that we had. So, that will we won't have that volume as we look forward.
Scott Morrison: Right. I think in the first quarter -- remember, a year ago in the first quarter, things were pretty good. Our volumes were up. It looks strong. We're not going to have that kind of...
Scott Morrison: And we had Russia. I mean -- but in North America, the volumes were good. So, we won't have -- we're going to have pretty tough comps in the first quarter. I think as we look forward then in the remaining quarters, we should see nice improvement year-over-year in each of the quarters in North America as we look forward.
Scott Morrison: And just to your comment on EBITDA, I would expect -- I'd be disappointed if we didn't exceed $2 billion of EBITDA in 2023.
Scott Morrison: But I would say in Europe, Ghansham, the sustainability push in Europe is not slowing down. And I think that will help. And we know how many can filling lines are going in Europe in the next couple of years. And so that's why I think we're bullish on the outlook for Europe.
Scott Morrison: For 2023 working capital, we expect to get to that $750 million of free cash flow. We expect working capital to be a source around a little over $300 million.
Scott Morrison: No, what I was going to say. It's only February 2. I mean, I think the optimism we're feeling is that it appears a lot of the trends are more helpful to us. And so, all those things will be beneficial, but we've got to see how volumes show up. That's the big wildcard. We're getting out of the gate in a more positive and constructive way. And we're building our plan on a more conservative basis but we'll see. But definitely, things seem to be turning into a little more tailwinds than headwinds that we had last year.
Scott Morrison: I think we'll start to see momentum in the second quarter definitely. And you've got to really -- it depends on volumes. But as things kind of roll in, we get some PPI pickup here in the first quarter, but as Dan mentioned, the bigger chunk of it comes in the second half of the year. First quarter will definitely be softer year-over-year given some of the challenges. And we're still working through some of this inventory, both in North America and in South America. So that's where you'll see most of that impact. But then I would expect in North America, we'll see nice earnings improvement as we get into the second quarter and year-over-year as we look through the rest of the year.
Scott Morrison: I would also say, I mean, it's -- it's been more volatile in the last few years, no doubt. Historically, North America has been more predictable. South America has always had a wider range just because volumes can move around a lot. Those economies are more volatile. And so, you could see much -- you could see outpace growth at times. And you could see bigger declines at times. So, South America has just always been a more volatile region. And despite to Dan's comments, I mean, you would think with 100% inflation in Argentina that would be a big negative for cans, but cans grew double digits last year. So, it's a little tougher to predict in a place like that.
Scott Morrison: I mean, Brazil over a long period of time has been a really good place to invest. The can share has grown in all of the markets that we've operated. It does tend to be a more volatile region. And so you have to live with that volatility. But over the long run, it's been a great place to invest and we expect it to be a really good place going forward. It is not without its challenges, but that's part of why you can make some pretty good money there, too.
Scott Morrison: But over time, we're still kind of in the post-COVID adjustment period, I think. And 2023 will kind of -- I think 2023 will kind of be the end of that. And I would expect those historical rates that we saw before COVID with sustainability tailwinds and all of those things, those aren't going away. Those are going to continue. And so that's why we think, longer term those growth rates make sense, but we're still kind of in a period where we're getting through COVID and now through rapid inflation. And we're starting to see things settle down and that gives us more optimism, I think.
Scott Morrison: And remember, market -- the impact in the market is going to be dependent on who's bringing up capacity, who's turned on new capacity. In Europe, this year, we'll probably outperform the market, because we have facilities coming online. So, those kind of things can happen quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year. We don't focus on market share, we focus really on, to Dan's point, being with the right customers, the customers that are innovative, the customers that are growing, that are using the can. We focus more on that versus market share.
Scott Morrison: Mostly inventory, Adam. We still have too much inventory, and that's what we need to work off. So, we've got a lot of cash, if you will, sitting in our inventory. And so, as we roll that off we'll be able to generate a lot of cash from it. That's the biggest chunk.
Scott Morrison: Going back to your past comments though, our while inflation is moderating, the base cost -- so energy costs in 2023 are going to be higher than they were in 2022. We're just passing them along, but that -- there are things that have -- are built into our plan that are negatives from a cost perspective. And so that's why you got to -- I can't just talk about all the positives, there's always some that go the other way. And so, the balance of those is how I get to my number.
Scott Morrison: The perfect scenario for us is you get a pretty sizable PPI increase and your costs actually go down.
Daniel Fisher: Thanks Scott. We will continue to be agile and decisive in the current environment. We must do what is right to ensure supply/demand balance, foster innovation and stimulate equitable sustainability policy which will further broaden the use of circular aluminum packaging solutions and provide continued fuel for our organic growth. In addition, our aerospace team will continue to partner with our customers to deliver world-class solutions for some of the world's greatest challenges and opportunities. Yes, 2022 was an unprecedented year in Ball's history, and I am encouraged about our ability to deliver the year with an eye on our future. Last week, Scott and I reviewed our 2023 operating plan with the Board and our business' ability to deliver on that plan is on track. We look forward to generating free cash flow achieving our long-term diluted EPS growth goal of 10% to 15%, deleveraging and returning value to shareholders. Thank you to everyone listening today. And with that, Carlos, we are ready for questions.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. Thanks George. So, as we sit here today, the volumes in EMEA are in line heading right out of the gate in North and Central America. They're in line. I think we're a little soft right now in South America versus my commentary on where we think the year is going to end up. The biggest element that, I think, misunderstood, George, relative to our expectations on volume and why we're a little bit more bullish is aluminum prices have come off. But that doesn't mean that's necessarily the cost position for our customers. So, as they lap their head positions heading into the second quarter and the second half of the year, with the price increases that have gone into aluminum beverage packaging plus the actual costs coming off, there are significant profit pools that our customers are going to be able to step into. As I said, right out of the gate, we're a heck of a lot closer to what we anticipated in terms of volume. In North America, in particular, given the December falloff on all in consumer products that has changed the behavior patterns initially this year with a lot more price promotion and in cap. Will that continue for the balance of the year, I would suggest it will given the other backdrop that I gave you relative to costs. But the Europe continues to be incredibly strong. North America is off to a good start. I think there's a little bit of a wait and see in terms of the volatility in South America. But having said that, the real cost positions that some of our major customers down there will lap in terms of hedge positions will stimulate optimism in the second half of the year. The PPI, pass-through, we're in good shape. All of the cost actions and the footprint reductions that we've talked about are in good shape. Maybe I'll turn it over to Scott just for some of the positive signs relative to inflation and currency and some of the other things that are starting to move in our direction from a more stable environment. But 2023, as we sit here today, I'm feeling really confident about.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. Reflecting on your comment and question around innovation. Certainly, in the alcohol space, we continue to see a lot of innovation, which is a good thing because the combination of the innovation. Something is going to win. As we always say, George, we don't know what's going to win, something is going to win, but it also increases the pressure on the beer category to compete. Those two things will equate to improve volume outlook. So, we're helping to fuel the innovation, number one, but we also have a heck of a lot of customers that we sell beer cans. We'll benefit one way or another depending on who wins.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. The internal conversation, George, quite candidly, is we've spent the capital we need to grow into over the next two to three years. We could most likely spend at D&A levels in 2024 and 2025. If we have a reason to invest, it will be with a strategic customer, one or two. So, I think you'll start to see a much more disciplined level loaded capital approach relative to D&A spend moving forward.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I think, it was back half of the quarter, and it's no different than probably every other end consumer product in the retail shelves. Customers pushing price, pushed it too far, and there was price elasticity that kicked in. Beer was down the most. And I think what we're seeing is a return to more promotional activity here right out of the gate in Q1. So, I think there's recognition of what happened there in the last four to six weeks of the year, which is well publicized. Since we sell to everyone and every category and every channel, we were impacted by all of that. But I can tell you, there's a different behavioral patterns setting in relative to our customers and their promotional activity. So, I think this will normalize and we'll start to move into a more sustainable underpinning for growth moving forward.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I will point you to the fact that the real cost that our customers have relative to aluminum cans has as much to do with our hedge positions. And in the second half of the year, cans will be the lowest cost substrate with the greatest profit pool, and that will give ample reason for our customers to push aluminum packaging at that point. You're right, the World Cup relative to the fourth quarter. We did see an uptick, but we didn't see the uptick that we anticipated. We knew that early in the quarter and we were reacting to that throughout the quarter. And we've got -- to your point, you got Carnival, you've got another a couple of things. You don't have a COVID environment like you did last year. So, there's optimism. It started off less favorable than we anticipated in South America, but it's only one month in, and I would -- and we're still bullish on things getting better in the back half of the year.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. As we sit here today, I'm encouraged by what we're seeing, and I'm not willing to come off of -- is certainly in the year that we're planning for flat. We're planning our earnings lift in our 10% to 15% EPS growth, up a flat North America until we're more convinced that the behaviors of the customers will continue to lean into promotion throughout the year. That's where we're landing right now.
Daniel Fisher: Well, we had a really strong volume year in Europe, and it wasn't impacted despite the end consumer being impacted with less discretionary spend. The aluminum package did really well. And I think it's more of the aluminum package story and the resiliency of the can in Europe than it is discretionary spending levels that helped us. Your point is valid. So, the way our contracts will work. We'll be able to pass through a lot of the inflationary headwinds that we experienced in 2022, we'll pass that back in 2023. So, if we're -- if inflation moderates, which it has, even if it dissipates a bit, then you've got the underpinnings of volume that continues to grow at a high single digit rate. We've got capacity online -- coming online in two major facilities that will take advantage of that growth. And we should be able to make more money given the stability of the inflation and the fact that we're catching up in arrears on a lot of the inflationary pass-through. We're really excited about Europe for 2023.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I'm not entirely sure your first question, I could parse out that delta. I will tell you where it had an impact and where we'll be able to point to it is in the fact that it's really the promotional activity during the peak season that we didn't see any of last year. We still grew a little bit. I would probably go back to sort of that 2018, 2019 range of growth that we saw. And I would put that up against what we actually saw in 2022. And I would say that delta, just speaking out loud, is probably what we lost out on because of a lack of promotional activity in the peak season. So, maybe 1% to 2% during that period, which as you know, those -- that last billion cans is kind of where you make your money at the end of the year in a fixed cost business. So, yeah. Let's see. Right now, we're off to a good start relative to how the beer companies are promoting and how our customers are looking at what they need to do from -- elasticity curves have changed here in the last four to six weeks.
Daniel Fisher: I think the reopening, if anything, would have slowed our growth because the on-premise is overwhelmingly kegs. And so, despite that return to on-prem, we're still growing at the high single-digit rate. So, I continue to be bullish about what's happening in Europe. I've said this -- a number of times, and I think I've said this to you. I'm most bullish on Europe and the medium and the long-term. The short-term, obviously, they have to figure out energy that will impact every industry, every business. But for us, the sustainability underpinnings are tremendous and we're excited about these new assets that we're ramping up here in the first half of the year.
Daniel Fisher: And on the net cost pass-through and net recovery, it's overwhelmingly Europe and North America, and it's 60% North America, Scott, as he's nodding. And you'll see, in Europe, it comes in a more linear fashion over the quarters. And in North America, you'll see probably 60% of that coming in, in the second half of the year. July 1 is a big date for lapping one particular customer contract.
Daniel Fisher: I'll answer it, and then I'll let Scott give you more detailed answer. We prefer to be heroes in December than off start here. But Scott, go ahead.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. They're -- ex Brazil, they're quite resilient even with the inflation levels that you're seeing in Argentina. Our volume was up double-digits in the country year-over-year. So, it's incredibly resilient. Chile is performing well. Paraguay very well. Some of the other areas that we export into continue to perform well despite all of the geopolitical turbulence and the inflationary pressures you see in there, that's holding in, and the team is doing a wonderful job managing all of that -- all of those challenges. In Brazil, it's less about the cost savings relative to the expenditures. Obviously, labor is incredibly cheap there. So, yeah, you shutter a facility, you're not going to see near the savings that you would in Europe or in North America. But operating in a tighter supply/demand environment gives you the ability in your other facilities to keep them full and to run them full out and that generally benefits efficiency levels, reduces spoilage, all of the things that we're asking our plans to do and manage on a day-to-day basis. It gives them a a greater ability to do that, manage their quality aspects, stay in touch with customers, manage their supply chain more effectively. So that's where you see the savings and the benefits and the earnings profile being impacted in South America.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I think it's a really good question. Beer is being more aggressive on the promotional activities because beer had the most precipitive drop-off in volume. So, it correlates and the magnitude of the volume declines in terms of the promotional activity. So, yes, you're seeing it across every single category because every single category was down in the last six weeks of the year. But it's certainly more pronounced, and that's probably a reason bias in my comments are relative to really -- a really nice uplift in beer right out of the gate. Some of it is attributed clearly to the Super Bowl as we're two weeks out. Now, you always see some promotion and some lift there, but it's more pronounced than that from a historical standpoint because of the volume fall off. And on innovation, I made this comment earlier on the question, but maybe I can dive into a little bit more. There's innovation in every category. But the most innovation, and this has been a consistent thematic here with the exception of that accordion effect relative to COVID where there were less SKUs just trying to get cans out the door. But as the large CPGs become beverage companies, they're leaning heavily into alcohol and mixers and those types of cocktails. And that's where innovation is really stemming. And you'll continue to see that for the foreseeable future. And those are most of what we expect to see here in 2023. There are other things obviously being worked all the time that are -- but what I know is planned for retail shelves is going to largely fall into cocktails and innovation and around that for the can.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. So, for 2023, we will be -- we'll exceed 15% earnings growth. Actually, right now, as it's shaken out, we're north of 20%. So, we will see -- we're beginning to step into the backlog that we've won through the years and starting to see repeat builds. Our defense platform is executing really, really well. And I think we've navigated some choppiness in terms of supply chain in 2022 that has stabilized. So, as we sit here today, we should see a much improved operating earnings performance from our aerospace business.
Daniel Fisher: You should see sequential improvement, right, 2Q, Q3, Q4 throughout the year, both with the PPI, the fixed cost savings. And keep in mind, 2Q from a volume standpoint was quite challenged in North America. And so, we get a little modicum of promotional activity there in the peak season then I think our plans, as Scott indicated. They're more on the conservative side. Where we would need volume in order to achieve our plans is Europe, because we are opening up two facilities there. But Europe has been the most resilient and the anchor customers are the most resilient that are going to be the tenants of those facilities.
Daniel Fisher: Global is 4%, North America, it's flat. Mid- to high single digits in Europe; mid-single digits in South America. That's how we get to the 4%.
Daniel Fisher: No. We have no open contracts heading into 2023 and 2024. The resiliency relative to South America is going to be the stabilization. First of all, lapping the contract for each in Q1. And then the actual cost position of our customers down there will have the aluminum package being the most cost advantaged product in Brazil, in particular, with that customer base.
Daniel Fisher: I think 1Q in total will be down. Again, we had pretty good growth in Q1 of 2022. And so, I think we'll be slightly down Q1 in total. Yeah. I'd say in North America, you'll be flat. In South America, you'll be flat because of the customer breach, so we'll be lapping that. Flat would actually be growth on an apples-to-apples basis. So, we could be a little plus, a little minus there, and we'd expect to be that high single digits growth, mid to high single digits for Europe. That will be a linear number throughout the year. It'll -- you'll have more opportunity to grow in the back half because of the two facilities that are coming online, but you should see growth right out of the gate in Europe. And then flattish in the other two regions for the aforementioned customer breach and the market dynamics that exist right now in North America.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. Well, I mean, flattish. That's not the narrowest range we've ever given, but I appreciate the question. I would say optimism to tighten the range in North America is that we plan on a much more conservative environment. And one thing that I think is important to underpin this business and this industry in particular. We're generally the first to go into the recession and we're generally the first to come out. And what we need is to see what happened over the last four to six weeks was the elasticity curve on volume and price for our customers has been broken. And now you're seeing volume come off. That means you have to return to some level of promotional activity, that's good for the can. So, for North America, in particular, we've got a big business where with all of the customers. It gives us some foothold in understanding the market dynamics. The contracts are secured. We know what we have heading into the year. Could it be up a little, down a little, yes. That's not going to have an impact on whether or not we can deliver our 10% to 15% EPS target.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I haven't -- we haven't seen that particularly. But you're exactly right. Those are the early signs and signals that were -- that's when you know you're on the uplift coming out. And we've seen the first stages of promotional activity starting. We haven't seen them steering on-prem versus off-prem. But that usually is the next lever to pull. You're exactly right.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. There's always an opportunity. We're constantly looking at our portfolio and our customers. And how we look at it, Michael. It's a great question. So, I look at brand owners and brand builders. And the other thing is, we may be talking to or we may be having -- we may have a portfolio of historical beer customers, but those historical beer customers are moving aggressively into other things from an innovation standpoint. So, within the portfolio of some of our customers, we like the fact that they're acquiring products that they're innovating products and that they're pushing new innovations. And so -- you're right. I mean, there is volume ascribed to beer and there's big volume ascribed to beer, and that's always going to be an underpinning of us within a volume business. But as that beer SKUs to other drinks, and other alcohol profiles, it will be a trade-off within their portfolio. We're selling them the cans. The label they want to put on it doesn't matter to us. We just want to be with the winners on the brand side.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. So, I would look at the regions, depending on what's permanent and what's temporary, a lot of times, labor laws dictate that. And I would tell you, in North America and South America, we've always managed our supply chain. So, we'll curtail lines. We'll have temporary shutdowns. That's more reflective of the conditions with which we are managing our South America plant. I think it was mischaracterized as to what we were doing with that. We -- whether we -- it's a temporary closure for now, given the existing conditions and economic conditions in Brazil. It's no different in the analysis, right? It's EVA. We do have a larger risk profile and hurdle rate in places that are more volatile like Brazil. So that's already embedded. So, it's going to be the length of the contract, the substantive nature and the economic underpinnings of that contract and whether or not we believe we can generate EVA. I don't know, Scott, if there's anything to add on Brazil.
Daniel Fisher: No, I just think it's earlier in the year, Adam. And we've seen a couple of weeks' worth of promotion. That's not enough for us to get overly excited that we'll return to some modicum of growth. And candidly, the inflationary, but all of the things relative to a soft economy are still present. I think the can will do well. I think you'll see trajectory in the second half of the year. That will be helpful with these promotions continue. I'd love to come back to you in six months and say, hey, we're right back on track with the 2% to 4%, but as we sit here today, I don't have enough data points to say that that's going to happen in 2023.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I think we have -- it's a great question, probably a tick underperformance relative to the market because of the size of our beer portfolio, and that was the most distressed category last year. So that certainly had a knock-on effect. The good news is if that area reverts back to a more positive promotional activity, then we should be the beneficiaries of that shift moving forward.
Daniel Fisher: Yeah. I think that's right. I think that's right, Adam. I think you're thinking about it the right way. Yeah.
Daniel Fisher: We have really good line of sight, Adam, into -- it's both raw material and finished goods. We've got really good line of sight. We're working that every single day right now. So, we're confident about that source of cash this year.
Daniel Fisher: Effectively, what would happen to your question, you're thinking about it the right way. So, you pass-through inflation a year in arrears. If inflation moderates or dissipates, you hold on to that margin expansion for the following year. It was just the opposite of that the past two years for us. But if things come up in energy prices, et cetera, et cetera, come up after we put through the existing cost, then that would be carried into parts of 2024. You're right.
Daniel Fisher: Well said, Carlos, with that, we'll close the call and look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter. We are excited for 2023. And we've got the teams and the plans in place to execute. So, we'll be following up and iterating on those plans as we look forward to the next time we get together. Thanks.
Kyle White: All right. Got it. And then on the $200 million inflation recovery that you guys talked about, it seems like it's mostly...
Kyle White: Right. And I guess, I was assuming that the net inflation was trying to net for maybe the incremental inflation that you're seeing, but maybe that's not the right way to look at it.
Kyle White: Yeah. Makes sense. Sticking on that point. So, it seems like a large portion of that recovery, the $200 million inflation recovery is in North America, but it doesn't happen just given the contractual time until July.
Kyle White: Got it. Sounds good. Well, everything looks much better from a price cost standpoint going into this year versus the challenging last year. So, good luck with the balance of the year.
