Scott C. Morrison: Thanks, John. Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the second quarter were $0.85 versus last year's $0.89. Also in the quarter, the company recorded after-tax charges totaling approximately $32.6 million primarily related to business consolidation and debt refinancing costs. Our metal beverage Americas and Asia segment comparable earnings were down year-over-year. These results were slightly weaker than expectations given continued weak industry demand for our standard cans in North America where our volumes were down double digits in the quarter, which was consistent with the first quarter trend. From a manufacturing perspective, cost containment and operating performance at the plant level were exceptional in all regions, and specialty cans in the Americas continued to grow at a double-digit pace. The European segment profit declined in the quarter due to slightly lower volumes brought about by challenging economic and weather conditions, coupled with higher labor and input cost, both of which are being addressed aggressively. In food and household, year-over-year segment earnings were higher due to improving volume trends, our recently acquired Mexico plant and good performance in our steel and aluminum aerosol businesses. Segment volumes increased 8% in the quarter, and conditions leading into the seasonal fruit and vegetable pack are favorable. Transitioning from operations. During the quarter, our corporate undistributed costs were roughly in line with expectations, the effective tax rate was slightly lower than we anticipated and we repurchased a net $202 million of our stock. Net balance sheet debt at the end of the quarter was approximately $3.7 billion. Credit quality and liquidity of the company remained solid, with comparable EBIT-to-interest coverage at 4.7x and net debt-to-comparable EBITDA of 3.2x. Committed credit and available liquidity at quarter end was in excess of $900 million. Given our seasonality and strong full year free cash flow, we anticipate year-end net debt levels to be in the range of $3.1 billion. For a complete summary of the second quarter results on a GAAP and non-GAAP bases, please refer to the notes section of today's earnings release. Moving on to financial metrics for full year 2013. Hardly any changes here. Interest expense will be in the range of $183 million due to some negative carry associated with the senior notes offering. Full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings is expected to be approximately 27% and full year corporate expense is expected to be around $73 million. CapEx is still in the range of $400 million, and free cash flow will be in the range of $450 million. And the majority of our free cash flow is expected to be returned to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott C. Morrison: We're managing that as we go along in the year, actually. And so inventory rates are a little bit higher than where we expected them to be given the softness in volume and -- but we kind of monitor that as we move throughout the year.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, this is Scott. As always, on CapEx, it's dependent on what kind of good growth opportunities we see around the world. But with the world being a bit slower, I would see CapEx trending down meaningfully in 2014.
Scott C. Morrison: No, not yet, because it's really early. So we're still expecting to spend -- remember, we've got, this year, we had $100 million of carry-in capital to this year, so it's unusually high. And I don't think we'll have that much carry-in capital into next year because most of the capital that we're spending will be concluded by this year. And so I'd see it dropping by a fairly sizable number next year.
Scott C. Morrison: In Europe, they were down less than 1% in the quarter. And in Brazil, they were up double digits high. It was very strong. Remember, we had capacity that came online this year with our new plant. And we'll have another new -- or a new line coming on in the fourth quarter of this year.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, first, I mean, EVA is still the big driver of how we decide in what to invest and how to invest. And I think it's a combination of the things that you talked about. It's going to be the capital allocation that we've done in the past; the returning -- absent other opportunities, returning a lot of cash to shareholders. We feel real good about the EVA returns of the investments that we've been making. Even in -- and if you'd look at the North American beverage business that shrunk this year, their EVA returns are getting better. And so the returns that we're getting on those incremental investments have been very attractive. So I think it's a combination of continued focus on EVA and making sure that we're getting the returns. As John mentioned, acquisitions have always been part of our strategy, and that's -- that continues to be. And that's allocating capital in a balanced way and in a disciplined way that we've done in the past and we'll continue to do in the future.
Scott C. Morrison: No. As I said, they -- we're -- we've been involved in those conversations because we think that there are -- better transparency around how the warehouses work will be beneficial to the industry and to -- ultimately, to consumers.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, I think what we're talking about normalized volumes is that low- to mid-single-digit growth rates. Kind of that 2% to 5% growth rate would be normalized.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. We should be more -- it, again, all depends on weather. But we should be more in line with the market if weather is normalized.
John A. Hayes: Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business continued to perform well in the quarter, with solid execution on existing programs, the award of a Korean environmental instrument and solid contracted backlog at $966 million. While backlog continues to remain at or near record levels, we have seen some slight delays in U.S. government contract awards due to the effects of sequestration. Our operating performance has been excellent, and we remain well positioned while continuing to monitor closely our timing of project starts as we move into the third quarter. Longer term, we are seeing a variety of opportunities both domestically and internationally that will continue to help grow our business and help mitigate any effects of sequestration. Now looking out across our company today, a few observations to share. Over the past month, we have seen some improvement in the demand for standard beverage cans in North America and Europe, although we are not planning to recoup the volume shortfall of the first half of the year. In our metal beverage Americas segment, a tremendous amount of great work has been done to arrest the volume issues we have been facing. And while it is not impossible, our ability to reach last year's profitability in this segment for the full year will be challenging. In Europe beverage, we have plans in place and are executing on a variety of cost-out and value-in projects, the majority of which will be realized in 2014 and 2015, which should get us back to operating margins consistent with the 2010-2011 period. Plantings to date related to the seasonal vegetable harvest for our food and household products business look good. And as of today, and if the weather holds for a strong pack, we should see continued good performance out of this business in the second half. Going forward, we also see some more upside, with the aluminum aerosol business performing well. In our aerospace business, Ball's strong performance and track record should keep us well positioned for the long term. So given all of this, we expect strong free cash flow, as Scott had mentioned; full year 2013 results to exceed full year 2012 comparable diluted earnings per share results; and a return to a more historical earnings per share growth in 2014. And with that, Ciglund [ph], we are ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: I think the vast majority of it has been weather related. As you know, the month of June, particularly the first half of the month of June, had the same trends in May being largely wet and even cold, and we've seen a more normalization of that. There has been a little bit more spot promotion, but that -- I think the vast majority of it is weather.
John A. Hayes: Well, yes. On the specialty side, we grew double digits again in this quarter, which was -- helped to offset our softness in the 12-ounce. And on an -- on a apples-to-apples comparison, if you exclude the business that we lost last year, we were about down on the 12-ounce side equal to the industry, and then you just compound that with the business we walked away from. And that's why we were a little bit worse than the market.
John A. Hayes: No, that was one of our facilities that the -- we shared with the metal food business. And we make 2-piece food cans there as well. And we've right-sided the G&A part of that business as we go forward as best we can. But we are still making 2-piece food cans there.
John A. Hayes: Yes. Actually, we feel reasonably bullish on what's going down in Brazil. As you know, we started up a new facility beginning of this year. Our plans are on track for adding a second line in. Our customer base, which is at times different than maybe some of the people you're referring to, has been reasonably strong. We're well diversified into the Northeast and to -- and then down into the South. So overall, we feel pretty good. And as you know, we're just -- it's beginning of their spring right now, so we're starting to get into the heavier selling season. And with the startup of the second line in Alagoinhas, I think we feel pretty good, particularly going into the World Cup in 2014.
John A. Hayes: Yes. And in fact, even year-to-date, we're up slightly in the aerospace business because we've been winning work. And -- but I think, as we go forward, George, we would continue to grow the headcount because you're going to see continued growth in revenue.
John A. Hayes: Yes, it is fair. You know what, as you know, our backlog is down slightly from the last quarter, but the real issue is we've been burning off backlog and the government hasn't made any decisions because many of their employees have been furloughed. And so the decisions are just being slowed but our contracted work is still going well.
John A. Hayes: We've been doing a lot, but let's first start with the customers. As you know, the end markets, beer is down 2.5%, 2.6%, and that's the biggest decline that they've had in a long time. And so they've been doing a lot of innovation work trying to arrest the demographic change: as people get older, they've been drinking less beer; but also the shift to spirits and wines because they very much have been focused on the value side, the pricing side, relative to volume. I think the same thing holds true on the CSD. And as you know, CSD has been challenged. It's a little bit more sensitive to economic issues, and I think this payroll tax has hurt them a little bit more. The pricing strategies, they very much have been focused on. And so CSD is down in overall category, a little bit more than beer. I think both of those segments, the -- our customers are very much focused on the long-term aspects of this because that's where a lot of their value is derived from then. So just based on first- and second-hand knowledge of working with those customers, they are trying to put some more excitement into their categories. Some of it has to do with innovation and coming out with their new products. Some of it has to do with innovation around packaging. And some of it has to do with innovation about placements. And so I think they're very much focused on all those. And as you know, innovation is a key part of our strategy, and so we've been helping them on that.
John A. Hayes: We do have the ability to do that in the States, yes. And we don't think that's going to be a huge discriminator, but yes, we can do it in the United States.
John A. Hayes: Well, it's premature to tell the outside world what we're doing, but we definitely, George, have plans in place to recover most, if not all, of that loss from a profit perspective. I'm not talking about from a volume perspective. Our volume will be down, but we're here to make money, not necessarily only to make cans. And so at the appropriate time, we'll be talking about it. I just think it's premature based on some of the activities and the impact that has to be talking about it on this call today.
John A. Hayes: Yes, let me, first clarify. I think when I talked about the 2010-2011 time frame, it's closer to 11% to 12%. You're at the high end of that. And I wouldn't disagree that's an aspiration, but it's going to take an awful lot of hard work to get to that. But having said that, the types of initiatives we have ongoing is taking a look at our G&A headcount. And as part of that, it's not only about the headcount, it's about how we conduct our various processes, whether it's payroll processes, whether it's credit collections, all those various things. We think there's a lot of opportunity to move to more of a truly pan-European approach to that and take a lot of cost out. I think we have a lot of opportunity on the freight side and the logistics side of the business in optimizing that, and we're doing a lot of activities there. We have some other cost activities at the plant level, although as Scott mentioned, the plants are performing very well from a manufacturing perspective. And then last but not least, the value-in is about trying to get paid for what we think is good value and also looking at our mix issues. So it's a combination of a whole host of things that we think, over the next 2-plus years, will get us there.
John A. Hayes: Not completely. We're -- put it this way: We're not relying on it, but we're certainly focusing on it.
John A. Hayes: No. I think, from a big picture, we need -- kind of need more normalized volumes that we've seen over the past couple of years. And what that means, in North America, it's probably down 1% to 2%, maybe even 3%. It's the 6 -- 5% or 6% declines that really put a -- makes it challenging. But as you've seen, we've take -- been able to take out a tremendous amount of fixed cost in our business. In Europe, we're kind of focusing on the more traditional growth, call it the 2% to 5% growth. It's an even year next year. And putting weather aside, with the World Cup, those are big drivers for European beverage can growth, as well as Latin American beverage can growth. And with it being in Brazil, I think there is some upside there. China, all the trends that we've talked about in the past continue to go forward. So in order to achieve the -- our long-term targets in 2014, we just need a more normalized set of volumes that we have not experienced in the first half of this year.
John A. Hayes: The overall European volumes were down less than 1%, so I don't know, 0.8%, something like that. That's -- the 2 big areas that hurt us the most probably were Germany and France just because the weather in Germany, as well as some of the things -- I don't think we were directly impacted or specifically impacted by the beer issue in France you just mentioned, although we -- there was somewhat of an impact. But it's even softer and [indiscernible] relatively flat, if not down slightly, in France as well. So I think it's Germany and France. And as we said, looking forward, if we're able to get some of this weather normalized and they're not underwater in Central Europe and wearing parkas in May, like they were in Germany, we feel okay about where we stand today.
John A. Hayes: Well, as I said earlier about our cost-out and value-in initiatives, we are not planning on it. It is always challenging. It's too early to say what we're going to be able to achieve, but we are -- we have not been adding any capacity ourselves. And we are focusing on trying to recover some of those costs that we've mentioned before, but it's too early to predict victory.
John A. Hayes: Yes, well, we -- as always, we have a variety of conversations going on. And as you know, it's been a cornerstone of how we've created value over the long term. And that hasn't changed at all. I don't think we have anything to report at this time, however, but you just never know. You always -- my predecessor always said you need motive and opportunity. And I think we have the motive, we're just making sure the opportunity is right.
John A. Hayes: Well, let me try and tackle that. It -- because I think there are 2 answers for each -- there's a different answer for each of the regions. In North America, we've been trying to take a very disciplined approach as the market leader. And we've been putting our money where our mouth is in terms of capacity. I do think that, if you separate this onetime item that we lost last year, on an apples-to-apples basis, we're right there with everything else. And in fact, we're probably even a little bit ahead because of the specialty growth. So I wouldn't read into that too much. And I think it really was a onetime item. And when you look into Europe, I would -- I certainly wouldn't agree with, over the last couple of years, anything has been happening, that has disadvantaged us. It's really been over the last 6 months, and it has to do with weather and geographic footprint. And everyone knows that Western and Northwest Europe in particular have been much more heavily hit than Southern Europe and Eastern Europe. And so when you look country by country and category by category, where we were off slightly relative to the market, had to do with the geographic proximity.
John A. Hayes: I think it's too early to say. Certainly, what we've told in guidance was we said the full year '13 will be higher than the full year '14. And if you look, we're down in the first half of '13 versus first half of '12. So by definition, we have to be up in the second half of '13. I think it -- we feel good about the efforts that we can control. It really is a volume game. And we feel okay right now, but you know how volatile the weather has been here in North America and in Europe. And so I know that probably doesn't directly answer your question, but that's where we are.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think, on the beer side, it hasn't -- over the last 5 years, I think beer cans, as a share of the package mix in the beer category, has gone from, call it, 47% to 53%. So we've actually seen some relative health on cans. I do think you're seeing a resurgence on cans, particularly on the beer side. Think about all of the activity that's been going on on the craft side of the market, and you're even starting to see them in the on-premise. And so I think that is constructive. I do think it has more to do with where the customers are pointing to and a little bit less to do with the overall economies because what I would tell you is it has to do, in part, with what the pricing strategy of the beer makers is as well. And over the last few years, on the value side of beer, they've been pushing price up more than they have on the premium side.
John A. Hayes: A little bit, yes. It's -- there's not that many one-way bottles down in Brazil. It's largely returnable. And we, again the share is a package mix, over the last couple of months, I don't think we've seen wholesale change. But certainly, over the last 5 years, that's one of the big drivers of the beverage can in Brazil, and now it's up in the upper 30s. And hopefully, as we go into 2014, with the World Cup and the other things, hopefully it will start with a 4, but it's premature to declare that. But we have been seeing good growth in the beverage can relative to overall industry beer growth.
John A. Hayes: Yes, no, nothing to update. The market continues to grow strongly. I think, the balance, some of this excess capacity is being soaked in. I do think that we haven't seen any -- certainly any more downside relative to prices, but we haven't yet seen any upside relative to pricing either.
John A. Hayes: Well, the biggest issue, I think, it has to do is things happen more slowly in Europe because of the works councils and because of the union and how you deal with the various people component of it and where to do it the right way. And that just takes time. So that's probably the biggest reason is that [ph], and combined with some of the other cost initiatives. As Scott had mentioned, in the plants, we're doing a very good job, and it's been offsetting some of the softness in Northwest Europe from a volume perspective. But I think that's the main reason. The reason why I just said on the labor side is why we don't expect to see a tremendous amount of upside in the second half of '13.
John A. Hayes: I think our current backlog is pretty solid right now. And in fact, we were just speaking about that the other day. I think the biggest issue is just with the government. There's 2 things going on: Number one, the overall budgets are declining. And I won't go into the details here, but if you're a program of record, you're relatively solid. And most, if not all, of our backlog is programs of record, which is good. I think, in terms of new awards, in terms of new initiatives, those are the things that are a bit slower. And it's slower because, number one, the government has less money, so they need to figure out efficiencies to find money to fund those. But then, number two, because of the short-term nature of sequestration and the furloughing of employees, people who had been working 40, 50, 60 hours a week to try and process some of this stuff are now working 25 to 35 hours a week and so there's just not as -- it just takes longer to get things through the system.
John A. Hayes: Well, we actually are bidding on more international opportunities than we ever have in the history of Ball aerospace right now. They have to come to fruition, but it's really based upon some of the nonclassified technologies that we have developed in that business and the global need for some of those things, first. So for example, this environmental satellite we're building for the South Koreans was based on some things we've done for the U.S. government over here. And as we look in other places of the world, we think there's opportunities for things like that in terms of environmental monitoring and other technologies.
John A. Hayes: Yes, well, it's been up and running a little over a year now, and it's making good progress. We were there a couple of weeks ago. And I think it's an excellent facility. And if any of you are ever in Southeast Asia, we'd be happy to give you a tour of it. I do think that it's not just a Vietnamese joint venture, but it's more as part of a regional strategy. We have an interest in one of our partners in Thailand as well. And so that whole region, when you look at a map, it's not just one country versus another country, it's a regional perspective. And so yes, there could be opportunities going forward.
John A. Hayes: I think, to answer to your question, it's probably a decent run rate. We had talked on prior calls that, in 2012, we had a number of close-outs on some programs that we had executed very well on. And that provided some upside in 2012. With the startup of many of these new programs in 2013, these are 3-, 4-, 5-year contracts, and so as -- the way we do it, as we reduce the risk, if you will, the execution risk in those, the accruals change. And so you usually make more profits in the back end of programs if you're doing well, as opposed to the front end. And so the fundamentals of the business in '13 are quite good. But really, where you're going to see that profitability, assuming we're actually executing, it really starts to ramp up in '14 and '15 relative to the current run rate.
John A. Hayes: The short answer to that, George, is we have a variety of technologies we've been working on, on the aluminum aerosol side, even the steel aerosol side, that we feel very confident that they have some interesting developments. It's premature to talk about those, but as we move forward, I think you're going to see some things where it's leveraging our D&I capabilities in the aerosol sector. And it -- we're excited about the promise of that. As you know, we're already doing that in terms of the Alumi-Tek bottle with MillerCoors. And we have some other interesting things. And then even on the impact-extruded side is we've talked about having our ReAl slugs, which is a much lighter-weight slug, by utilizing some of our technology that we've morphed from our beverage can business. So we've got a variety of things that we have been actively looking at. Some are commercialized right now, and others could be commercialized in the future.
John A. Hayes: Well, it's -- D&I aerosol is challenging just because the pressure is held in aerosol and you need to make sure that the, well, wall thickness will withstand that. But that's one of the areas we're working on, but it is premature to say when it might be out.
John A. Hayes: As people know, there was a big article in the New York Times on Sunday about the issues on metal premiums and LME, and it's been widely discussed. And we do know that there were some governmental hearings on Tuesday. I probably shouldn't comment on them because I wasn't purposefully there. But there has been issues there, and I do think it's getting more focus to make sure that there's a level playing field around how metal is purchased on a global -- aluminum is purchase on a global basis. So that's probably all I should say. Scott, anything...
John A. Hayes: Well, I think we talked about this on the call last time. We haven't seen any changes up or down relative to them. As the specialty canned -- can's market size gets bigger, it's logical to think, from an economic perspective, it may put some downward pressure on volumes. But from an overall profit pool perspective, I think it will continue to grow.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think, nothing else to add. You just summarized it. I think, particularly in North America and Europe, they are more normalized or becoming more normalized, which means we weren't seeing those huge -- the month of June was very soft from a North American perspective. I don't have the numbers in front of me from an industry perspective, but they were in excess, I believe, of the 5.5-or-so percent decline for the quarter. And so what we've seen is more moderation of that. I would not say it's anything to go home and get overly excited about, however. All we're saying is they've returned to more historical normalcy.
John A. Hayes: Well, they're somewhere in the 80s right now. And it depends by in the -- upon region, and it depends on what you assume that -- the actual output versus the rated output of some of these new competitors in there. I do think, you look at any in the -- any in -- region in our industry, and the minute you can start to get to the upper 80s or lower 90s, that's when you start to see tightness in the market, because there is -- as you all know, there is a seasonality effect.
John A. Hayes: I thought it was low to mid single digits the third quarter last year. But perhaps you can give Ann Scott a call and clarify that.
John A. Hayes: Okay, great. Well, thanks, Ciglund. And thank you, everyone. I just want to remind everyone that Ball we will be hosting at Investor Day and Management Briefing in Midtown Manhattan on October 2 and 3. Analysts and institutional investors should contact Ann Scott for an invitation. We thank you for participating on today's call. And we're looking forward to seeing you all in early October and then on the call at the end of October. Thank you.
Phil M. Gresh: First question. John, you talked about some nice margin recovery opportunity in Europe. It sounds like you're kind of targeting something in the 12% range, which would be maybe 200 to 300 basis points higher than where you are now. And you've talked about a variety of different factors that have driven the results so far this year. So I guess my question is, if you could parse out for us, what part of that recovery comes from just cost-out and those types of opportunities versus things like getting more price to recover the input cost inflation you've been seeing from metal premiums and other things to get there? That would be helpful.
Phil M. Gresh: Got it. The last question is just, one of your peer companies was talking about significant underproduction in areas like France, for beer, in the second quarter. And I didn't know if maybe it's -- there are some elements of that, that were impacting you more than just the general volume trends. And if you could give a number for how Europe did in the quarter, that would be helpful.
Phil M. Gresh: Just one very quick follow-up just around this normalization of volumes. If I look at Europe in the third quarter of last year, if I have this correct, Scott, you guys were up almost 10% in European beverage, so I just want to kind of clarify what kind of normalization would mean for you guys in Europe against that type of a comp.
