Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dave. Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were at $1.40, well ahead of last year's $1.21. The following factors contributed to improved results: positive impact from the four acquired beverage can plants, volume improvement that our global Metal Packaging businesses, exceptional operating performance in our various businesses. These positive factors were offset somewhat by a $5 million increase quarter-to-quarter in G&A, primarily due to compensation costs. Purchase accounting and other costs associated with Brazil totaled approximately $5 million, and we had higher interest expense also related to Brazil. During the quarter, the company realized an $80 million gain on the consolidation of our Brazilian joint venture, which is recorded in equity earnings. A 10% weaker Euro negatively impacted diluted earnings per share by $0.07 in the quarter and $0.13 year-to-date. For a complete summary of third quarter results on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, please refer to the notes section of today's earnings release. Turning to some key financial metrics. Interest expense in the quarter was up as expected due to the acquisition financing from last year's purchase of the four metal beverage plants and two months of interest expense from debt consolidated from Brazil. We now anticipate full year interest expense to be in the range of $145 million on a comparable basis and the full year effective tax rate on continuing operations should be in the range of 31%. At current exchange rates, year end net debt is expected to be approximately $2.5 billion, or roughly $100 million reduction from 2009 taken into account the $250 million outstanding under the company's AR securitization program in 2009. Given the growth opportunities before the company and the consolidation of Brazil, we see full year CapEx approaching $300 million. However, free cash flow is expected to be at least $500 million, excluding the impact of the AR securitization coming on the balance sheet. We continue to be focused on returning value to shareholders. Our plan is to repurchase more than a net $400 million of our stock for 2010, and that's on track. With that, I'll turn it over to John to talk more about the operations.
Scott Morrison: Yes, this is Scott. From a margin percentage basis, you have to remember that the metal that we told for customers is going to have an impact on margins. So year-over-year, the LME is about up 15%, so just passing that metal through reduces our margin by about 1.5. Up from an EBIT dollar standpoint, it doesn't change, but from a margin percentage it does. And then the consolidation of Brazil -- remember we didn't consolidate Brazil for the full quarter just for part of the quarter. And the purchase accounting cost that we have with that and some other one-time cost kind of dampened the EBIT dollars for the quarter.
Scott Morrison: Correct, and that's why you see on the non-controlling line down below, you don't see anything going out in the future. You'll see dollars going out on that line as the purchase accounting FX go away and we start to a more normalized profitability.
Scott Morrison: If you compare it to the second quarter, most of that difference would be stock price difference and the effect that, that has on our composition plans. If you look year-over-year, most of that has to do with other compensation. We're performing better, so we get paid a little bit better.
Scott Morrison: First in terms of, I'll call it operating rates, remember, it is more seasonal than other parts of the world in terms of that. And to be quite honest, we, for a short period of time this summer, we weren't able to keep up with demands of our customers, so we're actively looking at how to treat with that going into 2011. But I think all of our plants are running very well and the industry was reasonably tight during the summer months. What that means, going forward into pricing, who knows it's still early and we're in discussions with our various customers, we've had some raw material increases. We've had some input increases and so those discussions are, as I said, in the beginning stages of them.
Scott Morrison: Nothing other than, as I just mentioned, we're actively looking at making sure that we have the right capacity to fulfill our customer demand, not only in the West, but also in the East.
Scott Morrison: Yes, we talked about that before. I said overall market's about 4%. Western Europe's a little bit higher than that. Eastern Europe's a little bit below that, but they're all in growth mode.
Scott Morrison: Not a number, but I think directionally, we're seeing a lot of opportunities that we're looking at pursuing, so I could see CapEx drifting up.
Scott Morrison: No, that's exactly right. Our cash flow this year will be very strong, and we don't see anything in the future that would dramatically change our free cash flow number. But obviously, we spent a little bit more CapEx. We think we're going to make more money next year too.
Scott Morrison: We've said this before, I don't know how long you followed the company, but we also make antenna and other hardware and that business has been growing nicely and continues to. And we have a tech services part of the business for our software people that work in DoD. And both of those are well above $100 million of sales for each of them, so out of the total. And even through this period where the Hardware business was down a little bit, they've been continuing to grow and certainly contribute to the success. We contract both the civil and DoD and some commercial work, but that's sort of the mix of business. I think we used to talk over time if we're when our game and sort of the cost-type work, we should be able to make 8% or so. In the fixed price, we're going to make a little more than that because it would take a little more risk. And you can look at the numbers and see that, that's kind of the year we're having.
Scott Morrison: Yes, generally speaking that is the case. I'll also remind you though of some of those more aggressive products, certainly the one's high in asset and other things. It's not a big proportion of the food can market.
Scott Morrison: George, not only the slim but also, 16 and 24 has been growing. I had mentioned that we were seeing some double-digit growth in the specialty can side. And as Dave, we monitor that very carefully and very closely. And if it makes sense to invest, we certainly will invest and we're prepared doing that.
Scott Morrison: I think that's directionally right. I said -- we said we'd buy at least $400 million of stock. So I think your numbers are directionally right.
Scott Morrison: Recall we've talked about this before. Can is a search package mix and the beer segment is low single-digits, 4% plus or minus across the country, which is a large country obviously but there's a lot of room for growth in that, we're seeing it. We're also seeing verbal teas convert from 3-piece tinplate into 2-piece aluminum. And I guess to a lesser extent 2 piece steel with some of our the competitors doing that. So that's what's really driving in China. In Brazil, it's beer. And as I said, beer's growing strongly. Our customers are investing in it strongly and the Canada's taking market share mixed gains, which is good. And then in Europe, it really, at least, this year has been driven more by CST than it has been by beer. And it has to do more than most than Western Europe than Eastern Europe.
Scott Morrison: It's approximately 50/50, just off the top of my head, I think it's 50/50. Maybe a little bit more, not about 50/50, maybe a little bit more CSD than beer, but not much.
Scott Morrison: Well a change in part with the consolidated of Brazil and we're putting a second line in our Tres Rios plant. And then we announced the Alumi-tek line in Golden, so that bumps it up a bit. And there's some other smaller things, but those are the two big drivers of that number.
R. Hoover: Thanks, John, and thank you, Scott for your comments as well. The company is performing very well, and we've got some momentum going. We expect this positive momentum to continue as we approach the end of this year and progress into next year and beyond, as I said earlier. We're in an incredibly strong position, both in and operations as John described, but also our balance sheet, strong cash flow are good to see. So for the full year, our goal continues to be to post second half 2010 comparable results higher than those in the first half, which were $2.25 per diluted share. And we're going to do what we can to make that a reality. And with that, Jennifer, we're ready for questions.
R. Hoover: George, we are focused like the laser on just that, and the short answer is yes. Many of these programs don't ramp up month one. They will start to ramp up over a series of six to 12 months, and so that allows us some flexibility in terms of making sure we have the right people with the right experience and training in the right position, so we feel pretty good where we are right now.
R. Hoover: And you know George as things slow down, we really didn't have to separate that many people. And we've been real careful to maintain careful [ph] capabilities.
R. Hoover: We're going to have to grow our employment somewhat, but I think we were down like a net 28 people this year. So even during the time where you reduce and some cases we've been hiring in others, as you can see from the results in the quarter, I don't think we've got down as much as I was fearful that we might and so this is really good news. As John says, it's not going to flip like a rubber band, but it really, under periods of the next few years of performance for this business.
R. Hoover: Nothing of significant that would be out of the ordinary. There's all sorts of discussions about what's going on in the steel markets, and we're in the midst of negotiations right now and I don't think it's wise to comment on these things, but we do live in a volatile world and we're going to do all that we can to negotiate as best we can on behalf of our customers.
R. Hoover: Well I think we're in a pretty good place. The market continues to grow quite strongly, call it, 20% plus or minus and off of a base that's somewhat healthy. So when you just think about what that means, there's a couple of billion cans per year coming into the market. And so we have as you know, our footprint in China is very well situated in the north, the central and the south and as opportunities continue to come up, we're going to take advantage of them in a prudent way.
R. Hoover: I guess the short answer is yes. We can certainly talk about that. As we sit here today, as you know, the North American beverage can market is approximately $100 billion. We have approximately $40 billion of those, excluding the joint venture we have. Down in Brazil, it's, call it $13 million growing quite strongly. And we've got approximately -- remember we're adding a second line as we speak. It will probably up and running by the end of this year, and we're looking at other opportunities, but once that line comes in, we'll have well over $3.5 billion of capacity down there. That's all sold out. And then as you go over into China, it's about the similar size and our position in China is a little bit bigger than that. So we think we're in a pretty good position to take advantage of some of this growth in a prudent way as it comes our way. We're very much customer-focused and so we're talking with our customers and they're talking with us actively about it, and to the extent it makes sense for Ball Corporation to be investing in these regions, we're all at it.
R. Hoover: Over the last -- I won't get into the politics of BPA. I'll leave that to others, but we recognize that at a minimum from our consumer perspective that people have some questions and over the last 18 months to 2 years, we've been actively working within Ball Corporation as an industry and with the coating suppliers to provide alternatives to our customers, relative to BPA. We've had some success in terms of test packs in a good number of different categories, and we're still working on some others. So we're pushing as hard as we can to make sure that we are providing what our customers need. But these things because of FDA approvals and other matters, they don't happen overnight. And one of the issues that the industry has to be mindful of is as we move into alternative coatings, that they fit within the requirements of FDA. And that is a moving target as well, these days.
R. Hoover: Oh, yes, they were. Yes, they were. We export out of -- from Europe, used as a base everywhere from, to Africa, a little bit in the Middle East, as well as into India and places like that. But that's not a huge component of our business, but it certainly put a little bit of damper on it. But just to give you a context, the overall market was, call it up, 4% or so, and we were right in line with that. We might have been a little bit better if the export had been better.
R. Hoover: Well, as we said earlier, as John said, these programs are hardware-oriented primarily and the WorldView-3 win that we had is from the company [indiscernible] that does imaging of the earth. This is the third in a series of satellites that we've built. It will ramp up starting kind of now and through next year, I don't really know when the peak employment will be, but probably not even next year. And so that gives you an idea of how these work. It's going to take a few years to build at least the initial parts of these. The other thing is that some of the programs that we're getting involved with, like the national weather satellites and so forth, there's a continuous kind of need in their long-term operational programs. And some that we can't talk about, but they're just a real good basic business for our company. We had it on our board meeting yesterday, a discussion about this. And we had a number of pretty good growth years, a couple of years ago then we had a bit of a dip through the last year or so. I think and hope that we're back on the kind of trajectory we were. So I don't know that we would project above double digits or single-digit growth over time, but it could happen. I mean the business, a decade ago, was 10% of the company when we were $3 billion, and it's still 10% of the company when we're $8 billion. And so it is at a pretty good growth trajectory during that time. We think it will continue.
R. Hoover: It's a combination, but fair amount of fixed price work here. There are things we know how to do and have done, like the WorldView for example, and so that's the answer to that.
R. Hoover: Yes, I'd be happy to. I don't want to be too specific for obviously competitive reasons, but the reason why we think it's attractive to us because we think there's geographic play. We think we can leverage both our Aerosol and the Beverage side of the business and a lot of the know-how in what we do in terms of forming aluminum, in particular. And those three things have provided us opportunities. As you know, the Neuman acquisition was not a big acquisition, but it allows us to get in to part of the supply chain that we think is important. And we have different options that we are currently considering, with respect to what other things we ought to be doing.
R. Hoover: Well, what I would say generally on the beer, I don't think we've seen any meaningful deviations over the last month or two. Many of the beer industry there's a lot of noise about aggressive price taking from the beer companies in a declining beer market. But the reality for us is that consumers don't trade out of beer. They should trade down in beer and that's why the beverage can has actually been performing pretty well during 2010 in the U.S. beer market.
R. Hoover: It's modest increases, but nothing like it was before, and it's actually down very slightly relative to the overall market. I think the Western Europe has been growing at a clip higher than the average. In eastern, it's been a little bit lower than the average.
R. Hoover: Let's have a little history, go back in history. In 2002 prior to the beverage can being deposit, there was a, call it, with domestic consumption, call it 6 billion to 6.5 billion units. It got to a low of several hundred million cans a few years ago. We believe we have a shot this year of, as an industry, approaching close to a billion cans. I don't know if we'll reach it quite there, but you see the trajectory when you're talking about what 41% increases year-over-year, that's quite strong. What's driving it is the discount retail chains are starting to lift cans, which are good. I think now if not two, there's three that are listing them currently. The big guys have yet to list them so that could be a lot of up that were to happen. But I think the whole tone and tenor of the discussion about the return of the beverage can into Germany is much better and much more constructive today than it has been in the last 8 years.
R. Hoover: Well we are -- that is what we're actively studying. And that's why when we have something to announce, we will, but we think we're very well positioned relative to our installed capacity to take advantage of that right now. And what we probably have to do is look at our overall footprint and look at the regional supply and demand then make sure we're matching that appropriately.
R. Hoover: One of the things we talked very closely is what our customers are doing in terms of investing and the filling operations for cans. And that has been growing very, very strongly and so that gives us comfort that the supply demand should not be too far out of whack at all because they continue -- our customers continue to invest in can filling, the can continues to take share as package mix and the overall beer market, which is really driving this, continues to grow at mid to upper single-digit growth rates. So you put those three things together and I think it bodes well in the future.
R. Hoover: Well, as we talked the Western Europe is growing a little bit faster than Eastern Europe currently. What's driving both West and East, the growth there, is actually not beer, it's more soft drink, which has been a reversal. Back through the most of the 2000s, beer was really driving it hard. And not the down, so to speak, but it's a little bit more muted than some of the things we're seeing in the soft drink side. And so as we look into 2011, I think a lot of it has to do with the economic recovery. The Eastern Europe is a bit behind Western Europe in terms of recovery from an economic perspective. And I think that drives some of the use of our product and the use of beer versus soft drink generally. And so we remained constructive about Eastern Europe. Don't get me wrong, but the economic recovery has to accelerate before we see a strong acceleration of beer and CSD consumption.
R. Hoover: Well we've had a dual metal strategy for a long time in Europe. And as we talked about before, there is a lot of noise out in the marketplace about what's going to happen with steel versus what's going to happen with aluminum. I think it's too early to tell, but our dual metal strategy has played as well. And when one gets out of whack with the other, we take advantage of that with one substrate over the other and vice versa when those things reverse. So it doesn't overly concern us too much at this time.
R. Hoover: Never say never, but there's always a point where aluminum gets too high. You have to consider moving to steel and vice versa. I don't think we're at that point now, but we're very cognizant of the fact that we have to be competitive in the marketplace and the various substrates we use have to be competitive in the marketplace.
R. Hoover: I think it's a little early to pin it down next year, but we expect to continue to have real strong cash flow even with an increase in CapEx? I don't know Scott if...
R. Hoover: In the Aerospace business? I think David mentioned earlier, historically we do the full spectrum, everything from cost plus to firm fix price and sometimes cost plus with the success fee and it goes everything from one end to the other. I think as we look forward to some of the projects that we've won, they are a little bit more biased towards fixed price and they are cost plus. Typically, when we perform well, that bodes well for us. You had mentioned investment. I don't think we anticipate much investment, if you will, in that business. Yes, we're making sure we have the right skill set of people, but as many of our successful programs are rolling off this year and we're building the ones next year, we are going to have higher sales in that business. Most likely, are going to have higher profits in that business, but the margin is probably going to be a little bit more muted just because there's mix of starting programs versus finishing successful programs. But again, nothing to worry about it. And as we go into 2012, as we execute on these programs, we feel very good about where we stand with that business.
R. Hoover: I think it's pretty mature to talk about that. There's trade-offs with everything and with some of these new coatings, the shelf life might be a bit shorter, but so our conversations with our customers they're certainly aware of that. And they are factoring into that, into their plans as they go forward.
R. Hoover: I think we just have to watch the market in our written comments, in John's comments, we talked about specialty cans continuing to grow. And we intend to meet the market there. And so once in a while we're going to be doing that. I think we talked about what we're doing in California.
R. Hoover: I think that part is -- really we're not surprised by the market performance this year. It's a little stronger in mid-year [ph] with some of the promotions on 12-ounce, but especially we're in constant contact and it seems to still be doing well.
R. Hoover: Okay, Jennifer, thank you so much for being a great hostess, and I thank all of you for tuning in to our call. And we'll look forward to speaking with you in January.
John Hayes: George, this is John. We're pretty well much situated as we move into 2011. We did take a step back and we had a bit of open volume in our legacy plants in 2010. And so as we move into 2011, we're are in the process of various qualifications things and so far so good.
John Hayes: Not particularly. The Brazil market is so strong right now and the Argentina economy is only fair right now. They have a lot of changes that's going on there and the can market is all not that big there. They do sell cans into it, but our primary focus is into the Brazil market.
John Hayes: One of the things also is the reason why I mentioned in my comments that we're well positioned not only for '11, but more importantly '12 and beyond, is because each of the programs were in a bit of transition. 2010 has been strong because despite relatively flat revenue, we've been performing extremely well on many of these projects and programs that are completing. And so we've been receiving awards because we've been doing quite well on that. And so as we start to ramp up in 2011, some of these new ones, there's a bit of a mix issue. Nothing to worry about, but that really positions us well for 2012.
John Hayes: I'll tackle that one. Two things really drove it. Number 1, product mix. Aerosol was stronger and some other things in terms of value-added, the Food side. And then the other thing is, as I mentioned in my comments, our plans have been performing tremendously well. And the year-over-year improvement despite a strong 2009, tip of the cap to our folks because they've been doing an absolutely wonderful job in the plants of making sure we're focused on the right things and getting after it as soon as practical.
John Hayes: To address the first question, the answer is a bit like Scott was talking about aluminum. What we endeavor to do is pass forth all the price increases on the steel side of the business. So it's always tough to talk about margins in a business in which that's a business model. But in terms of absolute EBIT dollars, we, the guys have been doing a great job. We've gotten to the targets, we think, we can achieve. Is there some upside? There's always some upside. You're never perfect, but it is where we think it should have been when we made the U.S. can acquisition. As we go forward in terms of steel, it remains to be seen. What happens there, one of the issues around processed food is the Steel Food Can has a big installed-base in terms of processing. And for our customers to recapitalize that, that is a significant capital throw. And so yes, we always are concerned about substitution and talk with our suppliers all the time about being penny-wise and pound-foolish. But on the other hand, we haven't seen to date any meaningful change in package share mix in the food can market or in the Food market, I should say.
