Dan Fisher: Thanks, Scott. We continue to believe that given the economic environment and global dynamics impacting our world, it is a great time for investors to get up to speed on Ball. Our improved results following the challenging 2022 is progressing. Our products and technologies are resilient and provide solutions for our customers. Our focus remains on delivering earnings, free cash flow and high quality products to our customers and consumers. And as leverage continues to come down and free cash flow expands, our return of value to shareholders will grow in 2024 and beyond. Thank you to everyone listening today. And with that, Malika, we are ready for questions.
Dan Fisher: Yes, thank you. In the mass beer space, I think you'd have to look at that on a net basis. Clearly, there's one customer that's got more filled goods right now than the others, and I think they've commented on that. There is a little bit within our portfolio in terms of the energy space where we're working through some inventory. Our largest energy customer in our space in North America is growing at a slower rate than the balance of that space. And so, the scanner data is reflecting more growth than our shipment sales. That normalizes, we believe in Q4 based on the projections that we have. Nothing notable. We're in a really good inventory spot, George. You can see that reflected in our cash generation in Q2. You always have, this is the softer period for South America, so there's nothing really of news there. We expect to start building inventory here in the quarter to execute against the back half of the quarter and then peak season for that part of the world. So absent the obvious mass beer player, not as much.
Dan Fisher: Yes, that's correct. There's nothing meaningful in South America. You always run to get, you're always doing maintenance and there's always a level of curtailment in Q2. And so, there's just not a lot of room to run additionally to build inventory, because you're already planning that you're going to be running full out in Q3. The inventory builds, if you have that effect, typically it shows up at the end of our fiscal year down in South America. If things aren't selling through in Q4, you usually have a bit more inventory heading into Q1. So we're in a really good position inventory-wise. That was something that we commented heading into the quarter. The teams and the plants managed that tremendously, even with the mass beer inflection that showed up in the quarter and persisted throughout the quarter.
Dan Fisher: Yes, that's a good question. Let me see if I can parse out the elements of that. Let's look at North America. There's nothing really to report in terms of inflection one way or another in South America because it's still winter there. We wouldn't see that behavior until the second half of Q3. So nothing to report other than the conversations that we're having with our customers. Again, I'll be down there next week. They're planning to deliver against what we've modeled in right now, which is a pretty nice inflection of volume heading into Q4 Brazil. We've comment on this previously. Bullish on the Brazil -- Brazil was the first to go into a recession and experience inflation and higher interest rates. They're starting to relieve some of that. So the combination of that, plus previously disclosed comments in and around hedge positions, all of that is playing out as we would hope. The only thing in South America obviously is the question mark in and around Argentina, but Brazil is stronger and we still believe that what we've contemplated for the back half of the year is going to manifest. In North America, both Scott and I have been very public with our comments on what we were seeing throughout the second quarter relative to the mass beer dynamic. And they have been confirmed by our customers. One is our beer customers are always running full out in the second quarter and even most of the third quarter. So if there's a mixed shift that's taking place, it's going to come from working capital or filled goods. So the scanner data won't be necessarily a one-to-one reflection of what we're experiencing. We believe that there will be resets at retailers. Some of the customers that have opportunities to step into elevated positions or more velocity on shelves or a bigger shelf space on shelves, they're gearing up for that. You won't really see that until the fourth quarter is how we're contemplating in our numbers. And in terms of promotion, I think the way you characterized, it is correct. There has been promotion that keep in mind. The promotions coming off in many instances, staggering price increases over the last two years. So, it's not about promotion, as much as that is the intentionality of volume momentum. What we've seen in the CSD category is we have seen private label gain share. And that is something new relative to what we've seen the last couple years. That is generally a catalyst to drive for more volume and volume momentum. And we've always thought that given Q4 comps for certain of our customers, they will be more inclined to push volume. In the fourth quarter, conversations with those customers would signal that they're thinking about it similarly. But until it happens and until they find the right price elasticity and volume momentum trigger, I think they're doing a lot of activity. I see the same data. It's not having the intended results of driving volume. I think it means that they will need to be more aggressive, and I know that they don't like to be losing share to private label. So that's a lot there, but that's how we're viewing it, and that's how we've modeled it. We don't expect to see a great deal of uplift in Q3 versus previous, from a sequential standpoint, Q2, with the exception of we believe, mass beer within our portfolio will continue to be negative. Europe continues to grow. Slight growth in Q2. We had a very good second quarter last year. I'm commenting, excluding Russia. We will continue to grow as our plant system ramps up. The new capacity was needed for us to really step into growth in the mid-single digits, but everything is still in line and alignment with us delivering against that over the back half of the year. 
Dan Fisher: Yes, why now is, if you look back five years ago versus today, the business is much bigger, much healthier, much more profitable, and it could fundamentally stand on its own. Those are the key cruxes for why you could potentially do something else with this business. It's really a manifestation of that business has performed tremendously and gotten to a point where it's an incredibly valuable asset. We believe that was the case. And so, we ran a process to validate that. Early indications are it is a valuable business. If and when I've got more to talk about, I'll let you know. It's really nothing about capital allocation and return threshold. It is just that it's a valuable asset. It's increasingly so. And we always need to look at our shareholder value equation and make sure that that asset is sitting in the right spot for the long-term generation.
Dan Fisher: There's been very minimal movements in terms of retail displacement. I know those questions are being posed. There's a significant reset that happens kind of tail in the Q3 heading in the Q4 across most of the major retailers. So you will see this net impact fully manifest. Probably not until the first half of 2024 will all of the shakeout happen. So I'm not looking at anything appreciably changing in Q3. But the customers that have the opportunity to take a broader position in the retail, they will be gearing up their supply chains. They will be entering into these new retail positions over the course of the third quarter. And then you will start to see Q4, first half of 2024, where things start to settle out.
Dan Fisher: I wouldn't characterize it as further deterioration of mass beer. It's going to be persistent through the third quarter. And so, yes, but from a volume standpoint, the third quarter from a mass beer standpoint, what we anticipated at the beginning year versus what we're experiencing, it's softer. And nothing's going to change here probably in the next 90 days, meaningfully, to inflect. The good news is everything that we set out to accomplish in terms of our operational performance, the PPI pass-through, the tailwinds of some inflationary benefits, the SG&A actions, the fixed cost savings, all of that is allowing us to have a line of sites at that low end. We wouldn't be there without the -- we wouldn't be able to characterize our belief in that low end without the performance of the operations right now. So, it is mass beer, and in every one of the regions, we believe there's an inflection in the fourth quarter in volume. We've talked about the CSD market. We've talked about, I think, what's going to happen in mass beer, and then also a peak season in South America with an improved economic environment in Brazil. All of those things have to come through, but they were already baked in. What wasn't baked in is mass beer in North America.
Dan Fisher: No, I don't believe the captive can makers will benefit. Obviously, they're going to prioritize in the short term their assets. One in particular that's having the marketing issue, we've come to an agreement that we've got a stable go forward position where we understand what the bottom is. And so, we should see inflection off of that, if they're able to turn around. And then to your point, we are with everyone in the beer space. So we should see net benefits into 2024. I would characterize Q2 and Q3 as a bit of a trough for us right now. So relative to that, and then what happens in the mass beer space and clearly the economy writ large, there's reason for optimism for sure in 2024 and beyond.
Dan Fisher: Yes. So what we've stated in an inflationary environment, recessionary environment, which is clearly what Brazil's been saddled with here the last couple of years. Two or three times when we've had similar macro events in that country, we've seen shared shift to returnable glass in the five to high single digit range. We experienced the same thing from second half of 2021 all the way through today. As -- a lot of it has to do with the economics, lot of it has to do with the per unit price point of aluminum, the aluminum package in the hedge positions that were constructed by our customers. The cost of aluminum has come off, the hedge positions have come off, the economy is rebounding, inflation is declining, interest rates are coming off. So, all of those things point to we should normalize back to mid 50%, low 50% can penetration in Brazil. So we're betting on can penetration improving in Q3, Q4 and stabilizing in Q1 for 2024. We haven't done a ton of work on 2024 right now, but I would think about it's principally an improved economy and a returnable glass shift that took place during inflationary period, which has always come back to cans, because that's the preferred choice and the preferred choice of our customers. We expect the same thing to happen. It's too early in the process given, excuse me, in the year given it's winter there to see much movement if anything, but we anticipate that tailwind into Q3 and into Q4, more in Q4. Hopefully that helps.
Dan Fisher: We began the year with the expectation that we wouldn't see promotional activity, but promotional activity does not generate volume momentum. We thought volume momentum would come in Q4 when there are more challenging comps. We still anticipate that. We didn't build in much in terms of volume momentum happening in the first three quarters of the year. And even though you're right, there's increased activity on promotion. It hasn't been enough to move volume. There has been share shift from the major CSD players into private label over the last four weeks. That is usually a light bulb that goes off and folks behave differently as a result of that, but I'm encouraged that what we built into our plan heading into the year will manifest in the fourth quarter. I don't see any appreciable movement in the third quarter, because the promotion to your point is happening, but it's not manifesting in volume momentum yet.
Dan Fisher: I think you characterized it correctly. It's the net beer impact in the second quarter. There were pretty stable trends across everything and it kind of lends into my previous comments on the CSD sector. You know energy continues to -- almost all the categories are performing year-over-year in line with the exception of mass beer and that fell off. I think net, there was negative 2.5 points of growth in the first quarter, net minus 4.5 points and obviously our mix would have weighted us further down.
Dan Fisher: The curtailment in South America is exactly what we planned. I mean candidly it's negligible in terms of the curtailment that we planned in 2Q versus what actually happened. You could say the delta that you just confirmed and volume that was additional curtailment that we took in the second quarter. Apart from that we've got a little bit more curtailment that will manifest throughout the third quarter versus what we entered the year with because of the mass beer phenomenon. Apart from that everyone's in alignment with what we entered the year with and what we expected.
Dan Fisher: The outlook for the long term and the medium term continue to -- it is just a wealth of opportunity for us in terms of substrate shift given our current position. The end consumer is absolutely weaker than where we entered the year because of everything you cited. The can generally benefits from the on-prem off-prem shift even some of the trade-downs are beneficial. We've got a more diversified portfolio that has helped us heavier energy, heavier CSD. Beer has been the -- from a pan-European standpoint. Beer has been the softer category, there but I think our portfolio has helped us. And so we see we see a little bit more opportunity given that than maybe some of the other comments area that's been that's been put out there. But yes consumer in the second half of the year softer. We're still going to see nice growth and we're still going to -- that business continues to perform extremely well.
Dan Fisher: Yes Mike let me, this is all North America related I'm assuming, so I'll start there. Let's just talk about the categories, because we're spending an awful lot of time on the domestic beer category, which is which is down and I believe we're at a trough so it will recover from this point and it's consistent with all of the customer commentary within that space. But domestic beer is down 4.5% last 12 weeks, which is a further versus 52 weeks down, nearly 3%. So there's an acceleration of the decline obviously because of the marketing issue, but import beer is up 11% , non-alcoholic beer is up 27% cider is up 8% S&B is up 15%, ready to drink cocktails are up 41%. As we've seen the evolution of our customers transition to beverage companies, because they're going to be forced to put stuff on the shelf that sells. We've only experienced this phenomenon here for the past 12 weeks and there's a lot that is going to be repositioned and given we participate with everyone in the market, we should win with whatever's going to win in the market. At what percentage? It's a great question. We don't know, but the trough that we're experiencing now in the second quarter the third quarter will improve we should benefit from that in the first half of 2024 I would expect continued benefit throughout that first half of the year. But there's a lot of t questions. but I'm confident that these are customers understand their world real well and they know that they need to be putting stuff on the shelf that's going to sell and folks will find a home. Nothing's going to change candidly from that import beer number. The Hispanic population continues to grow. They already have all gut plans to lean into that to add more capacity. So there's an ability for those folks to accelerate. And obviously we're very close to them. So I'm encouraged. From today moving forward I'm encouraged what's going to show up in the first half of 2024 and beyond.
Dan Fisher: Yes. We're bringing it up for the other customers in that market that are winning and we anticipate that they will win further and take further share as a result of the one brewer who filed for bankruptcy at the tail end of Q1, that's one issue. But we're not bringing that hands up for the customer that we originally built it for.
Dan Fisher: Thanks for the question. As we sit here today, we haven't spent a whole lot of time on 2024, I think for both Europe and South America, given they're growing, we continue to believe that growth will persist. So the question mark will obviously be North America, but as I stated several times in this call, I think Q2 and Q3 we're at a trough. So we should see improved volumes over these periods. I believe that will be enough to push us into growth territory. So the aggregate position and the answer to your question is yes, I believe we will be in that low single digit growth for 2024. We've also stated several times that the capacity we've put in place over the last two to three years is enough to grow into at that range. And so, we should see nice lift in terms of profitability and performance without having to spend additional growth capital. We've spent the growth capital we need and I don't anticipate much in the beverage business over the next two years from a growth CapEx standpoint.
Dan Fisher: No pressure on the contracts at this point. I think a good reflection of that commentary would be the fact that we're passing through the inflationary mechanisms. So, if you weren't seeing that come through, I think you could probably could see that there's been some negotiation that's taken place. And that's not the case. The way I would look at volume, I think we're in a short-term dislocation for the second quarter and the third quarter because of mass beer. That correction relative to curtailments or decline shipments will revert in the second half of the year, but more meaningfully in the first half of 2024. The other thing that we've done is we've managed to inventory. So we built too much inventory last year. We've worked that off. So there's been an elevated level of curtailments relative to versus 2022. We'll be running much closer to scanner data in 2024 and Q4 likely to be a lot closer to scanner data. So those are the things that are well understood within the industry and with our customers. I think the theoretical excess capacity versus the reality versus the intentionality of running to cash, all of those things stabilized heading into 2024 in a, what I believe is a much tighter marketplace with growth underpinning every industry participant moving into 2024.
Dan Fisher: No, we have what we were referring to as, you know, we've generated a lot of cash here in the back half of the year. We're sitting out a lot of cash. And so we have the flexibility to, you know, pay down whatever piece of the debt we want to pay down. And so that's really what that's about.
Dan Fisher: Yes, maybe let me start with Europe. Everything is coming in line with what we anticipated heading into the year. Inclusive of the large energy player. The one area that's softer is beer. I think that's related to the macro environment there. So the higher single digits that we anticipated having the year are going to be closer to mid single digits, but still nice growth. And it's not a function of bringing on the capacity. The capacity that's being brought on is in the growth areas. It's going to be the capacity that's a little less utilized in the beer space. That's what's happening in Europe. Relative to North America, we had a decline, as you mentioned, of roughly 5% in the first quarter. We are in that eight and a half range for decline in the second. We will see declines in the third with a return to some volume momentum in the fourth. What happens in the mass beer space will be the indicator of is it growth? Is it flat? But that's fundamentally, it is the mass beer impact and it is the fact that we're overweight in the beer space and overweight to one customer within that space. So that's the delta.
Dan Fisher: Yes, I think the overall marketplace in North America down slightly, 1%. And so the delta between that and our customer mix is really the delta there. And then on the Cup side, we're seeing incremental improvements. I think an LA Boston Series versus a Denver Miami Series would have helped the cup a little better, believe it or not, but making good ground and good traction in the food service space, things are breaking our way in terms of the regulatory environment as well on that product with Hawaii and now the mid-Atlantic's either banning or contemplating banning single-use plastic cups. So we're looking for trajectory over the second half of the year. I would not say that we will make a $20 million improvement in that business year-over-year, but we will continue to improve against it more in the $10 million range.
Dan Fisher: All right. Thank you very much. We will look forward to talking to you again in the third quarter. Everybody enjoy the rest of your summer.
