Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dave. Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the quarter were $1.06 versus last year's $0.83. The following factors contributed to improved results: A tax benefit of $11.8 million or $0.13 per diluted share related to the refinancing in December of the company's term loan and revolving bank facilities; growth on our majority-owned Brazilian JV with fourth quarter being the strongest in Brazil; volume improvements and excellent operating performance in our Metal Packaging businesses; exceptional program performance in our Aerospace business and a lower share count.  These positive factors were offset somewhat by a $7 million increase quarter-to-quarter in G&A, primarily due to compensation costs and higher interest expense. A lower euro in the quarter compared to last year decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.02 in the quarter and $0.14 for the year compared to 2009. Turning to full year free cash flow. Ball generated $506 million when adjusting for the AR securitization coming on the balance sheet, which was on target with our expectations and included an incremental $37 million after-tax pension contribution at year end.  In 2010, we returned every free cash flow dollar to shareholders via net share buyback of $507 million. Net balance sheet debt at the end of 2010 was approximately $2.66 billion, despite our acquisitions made during the year and acquiring over $500 million of our stock.  Credit quality and liquidity of the company remains solid, with the 2010 adjusted EBIT to interest coverage at 5x and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.6x. Committed credit and available liquidity at year end was in excess of $1 billion. For a complete summary of fourth quarter and full year results on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, please refer to the notes section of today's earnings release. Turning to some key financial metrics for 2011. Due to the acquisition financing and a full year of interest expense from consolidating Brazil's debt, we anticipate full year 2011 interest expense to be approximately $180 million. The full year effective tax rate should be in the range of 31%.  On the CapEx front, the full year impact of the JFP, Neuman and Aerocan acquisitions, consolidation of Brazil, specialty can investments and other geographic opportunities we're evaluating, full year 2011 CapEx could approach $500 million. Each of these projects exceeds our after-tax investment hurdle within three years. The timing of certain projects will impact actual spending. And as always, we will keep you updated as the year progresses.  We expect 2011 free cash flow to be at least $400 million, with the majority of free cash flow going to share repurchases. As of today's call, $105 million of our stock has been acquired since the beginning of the year. At current exchange rates, year-end net debt is expected to be approximately $2.9 billion, up slightly due to the Aerocan acquisition and cash being oriented to share repurchases and dividends versus debt paydown.  Since there was a business divestiture and JV consolidation as well as major acquisitions that occurred in 2010, and so that everyone gets started on the same page for 2011, I wanted to give you a few key modeling data points. G&A will be slightly above $300 million for the full year. Working capital should be a modest source of cash. Pension expense will be relatively flat.  Cash pension contributions worldwide will be approximately $55 million, lower than normal due to the incremental $37 million after-tax contribution made at the end of 2010.  Maintenance CapEx now runs approximately $175 million. And the December 31, 2010 basic share count was 86,079,000 shares pre-split. So take that into account when calculating yesterday's dividend increase and adjusting for how shares have been purchased year-to-date.  With that, I'll turn it over to John to talk more about the operations.
Scott Morrison: No, I don't think you should read that into it. We're just gonna use right now, we look to use most of our free cash flow to buy back our stock. And if other opportunities come up, we may adjust that. But right now, that's the plan.
Scott Morrison: Well, we're seeing great opportunities. I mean, Aerocan, there will be some CapEx associated with that. But much of the CapEx are just going to growth opportunities, whether it's specialty cans here or beverage cans and aluminum aerosol and other places. So we don't see this as necessarily a change. It's just chasing the best opportunities that show good returns.
Scott Morrison: Sure. Well, the big projects this year that are driving it are North America, we mentioned the Whitby line, the growth in Fort Worth with the 16-ounce to 24-ounce and the Alumi-Tek line. And when you look to other markets, the line that's moving from Lublin down to Belgrade, that's a big chunk of Europe's CapEx for this year. And then we're evaluating other opportunities in other geographies that we just haven't talked about yet. This year is really kind of a big chunk. And then we see CapEx longer term in '12 and '13 going back down to more normalized levels to depreciation or below.
Scott Morrison: That's correct. That's why we haven't given specifics. But it's things that we're continuing to evaluate and just not ready to talk about yet.
Scott Morrison: There won't be that much that we get a benefit from in 2011. The plant won't close until sometime mid-year or so. So more of the benefit will come later, in the back half of the year, and then in 2012.
Scott Morrison: It's a bit higher than. Our target of return is different by geography. So in North America, we use a 9% after-tax return. And in other geographies that have a little bit more volatility, it gets them kind of the 11%, 12% type of return required.
Scott Morrison: Full year pension funding was around $140 million worldwide. So if you look at all of our plants in Europe and the U.S., it's about $140 million.
Scott Morrison: Well, this year, what drove it up a bit higher was the run-up in the stock price. We had a 32% increase in our stock price, so that affects mark-to-market on our deferred compensation plans that runs through that line. And so on a more normalized level, it should drop back down to levels that are probably more in the 60s, low 60s.
Scott Morrison: Right. We're being conservative on the stock price. But hopefully, we're wrong and it goes up again like that.
Scott Morrison: If you take out the German plant, which is a pay-as-you-go type of plant, in the U.S. and really all the U.K. plants are little above 80% funded. So the total of the underfunding in the U.S. is around a couple of hundred million dollars.
John Hayes: Yes, we expect, George, some decent growth in Europe. I had mentioned what's happening in Germany. That's going very strong. Western Europe, generally speaking, has been strong. We're seeing a little bit of comeback in the East. And in the South, it's a bit soft. But as we sit here going into 2011, we feel pretty good about the volume outlook. There's been a lot of inflation as well on the raw materials side of the business. But we think we've been able to adequately manage that as well, so we feel pretty constructive as we sit here right now.
John Hayes: Well, I think what we're talking, George, is more regional. And in many of the places in which we operate that are in emerging or developing markets, we continue to see strong growth. So it's probably a touch premature to be specific about that. But you know where we operate, and we want to take our relative share of that growth as it continues.
John Hayes: Yes, George, this is part of our overall rebalancing of our portfolio. And as we look as to where our volumes are moving forward, we just think it was an opportunity to rebalance it and put a little bit more in our Whitby, Ontario facility from a 12-ounce perspective. The Torrance plant, the people are an excellent group there, but it's just a very high-cost place to do business in Southern California there. So that's the rationale around Torrance. In terms of the growth of our specialty, we're seeing it in some of the larger sizes, the 24-ounce, the 16-ounce. Torrance did make some of those larger sizes, the 16-ounce. And so we had the opportunity to kill two birds with one stone, so to speak. And we're putting some new capacity in Fort Worth, Texas, that should help us out overall.
John Hayes: No, it's -- we're still seeing some modest growth. During the 2008, 2009, we did have some softness there, but it's been becoming back, but it's not growing as fast as the 24-ounce or 16-ounce.
John Hayes: Well, overall, the aerosol market has been growing. And in particular, on the aluminum side, a lot of it has to do with changing consumer preferences, we're seeing more deodorants in aluminum impact extruded bottles, and in other things like the hairsprays, et cetera. And so we see some growth not only in Europe, but also in other parts of the world. And we've been very much focused over the last 18 months to try and develop a strategy on that. I think the Neuman Aluminum was an importantly step in it, and then the Aerocan acquisition was yet something else. So you should expect as we go forward that we're continuing to look. We're only going to do if it's profitable growth for us. You also asked about the conversions. We are seeing a little bit of conversions from steel to aluminum. But fundamentally, there are different markets that they attack. On the tinplate side, it really is more of a household product and paint and general line type of business. And on the aluminum impact extruded, it's more about the personal care and beauty.
John Hayes: And let's also not forget that sitting here a year ago, we had not consolidated our Brazil operations. We did not have Neuman Aluminum nor did we have Aerocan. And so just the consolidation of just even maintenance capital for each of those increases our overall CapEx. And then we have announced whether it's the Alumi-Tek bottle here in North America, our Torrance restructuring and the addition of 16-ounce and 24-ounce. We've talked about the Lublin line being moved to Serbia, and then we have some other things on the plate. So we think our 2011 cash flow adjusted for this growth capital is actually going to be better than it was in 2010. And so when it's better than 2010, and we have some opportunities to invest in our business prudently where the returns absolutely are there. And then use every incremental dollar to buy back our stock, we think that's a prudent thing to do for our shareholders.
John Hayes: Well, as you all know, let's talk about Asia and let's talk about Brazil where volumes have been on a tear, and both those regions, they've been approaching 20% growth year-over-year. And we see -- we don't think that's going to continue to happen over the long term. But as we sit here today, we see those trends still occurring. And Brazil, as you know, they have the World Cup coming up, they have the Olympics coming up, they have a lot of infrastructures projects coming up to help support that. That's going to create more middle-class growth and middle-class rise of incomes, which is certainly helpful to our product. And then in Asia, you have different effects going on with those trends that we've talked about in the past, continuing to go strong. Here in North America, as you all know, the year ended up actually on a strong note. The fourth quarter was up slightly, and we don't see any big deviations from an industry perspective of the change of that. There's certainly some growth in specialty. There's some growth in craft beer. The soft drink has had a lot of promotion going on and off, and we continue to see some spot promotions here and there. So we expect that to occur in 2011. So overall, from an industry perspective, we're assuming relatively flat growth in North America.
John Hayes: This is John. We've been exploring that market, as I've mentioned, actually for a number of years now. And as it started to mature and really accelerate some of the growth that we saw happening, it was just a good opportunity. You're absolutely right, the Aerocan business five years ago was part of a larger conglomerate and was taken private by the management who's done an absolutely wonderful job of repositioning that business, getting its costs in order, getting its revenue in order and help stimulating demand. And so we think it's one of the best run business in that part of the Metal Packaging segment, and we're delighted to have them aboard. And it's going to give us more opportunities to continue to look. There are other companies out there. We also have opportunities to go greenfield. We're still exploring a bunch of different things. And when it's the right time to talk about something that makes good value for our shareholders, we'll certainly do that.
John Hayes: Well, it varies by region. But just to give you a sense, we would say here in North America, it's growing mid-single digits. Down in South America, it's growing faster than that, even approaching double digits. And then in Europe, it's high-single digits. So it certainly has a growth profile that's a little bit better than some of the businesses we're currently in, but it's certainly not as big, either. So as I said we have opportunities to look in all those different places, and the European one made a lot of sense for us at this time.
John Hayes: You're absolutely right. We are stepping up into some things that we're very excited about. We've been working on some of these programs for a very long time. They've been delayed because of all sorts of government budget issues. And as we sit here today, we feel pretty constructive about them. But there is of those big four projects that we won back in the third quarter, a couple of them haven't been funded yet. And we fully expect them to be funded. But as you probably know, our government's operating under a continuing resolution. And so it just takes more time to get those funded, but we're ramping up. We do have some of the money funded towards those things, and we're going full steam ahead. And as we said, those projects are big and they're in the hardware side. And that's typically a lumpy part of our business as we've talked about previously. But it fits directly into the sweet spot of what we do, and these are long-term projects that we're very excited about.
John Hayes: I think we haven't identified anything yet. But we said it in the past, when we close a facility of that size, we typically get in the range of $25 million of savings.
John Hayes: I think the footprint's appropriately sized. As you know, over the past couple of years, we have closed several facilities. I think this is our fourth one in the last three years in this part of the business. So we think our costs are in good line. Our footprints are in good shape. So we don't see anything as we sit here today going forward.
John Hayes: Andy, this is John. I don't have it off the top of my head, but it's a de minimis amount. We don't have that much left.
John Hayes: Well, as you know, we're seeing signs of inflation in the economy, whether it's oil, food, staples, metal. The input costs for our steel suppliers have gone up and as a result, they've been negotiating higher prices. Obviously, we don't go into the detail of that or the context of our conversations, but we've been working hard on behalf of our customers. And we fully expect to pass all that through to our customers, the increases that we've been receiving. In terms of your question about fourth quarter buy ahead, every year it seems like there's a little bit here and there, but there is nothing of note this year.
John Hayes: No, I don't think I did. It was roughly flat year-on-year, as the overall market was roughly flat and we were roughly flat as well.
John Hayes: We're expecting and we're planning for relatively flat volume in that business as well. There's always a little puts-and-takes here. On the paint and general line side, we saw some good rebound back in 2010 relative to 2009. I don't think we're going to expect that to happen again because it has come back but overall, relatively flat.
John Hayes: Well, what we said if you go back probably nine months ago or so when we were talking about this, we said we'd be stepping back a couple of billion units of volume in 2010 and then gaining that back and a bit more going back to 2008, 2009 levels. And that's where we are. Recall that in 2008, 2009, we had declined then as well, going into 2010, we took a further step back in 2010. And now we're just getting it back.
John Hayes: Well, obviously, it varies by business or by geography. Historically, we've been very good at rising to the challenge when we need to do that. In Europe, one of the reasons why we are moving the line from Lublin into Serbia because this is a very good footprint, anticipating the comeback of the can into Germany continues, which we fully expect it will. Here in North America, we think our footprint is right and we don't anticipate any big spikes in that. And if we do have big spikes, we're going to have to scramble a bit. But we think we'd be able to deal with that. And then in Brazil and China, just keeping up with this 20% plus or minus growth we've been experiencing, and it's a wonderful high-class problem to have. And some of the thing Scott was talking about in terms of capital, while we haven't talked about them are targeted in those general areas.
John Hayes: Well, we're always looking. But when you think about the success we've had over the last decade, a lot of it has to do with capital allocation. And so we're very agnostic when we look at these types of things. And if there's a great opportunity that we can generate sustainable long-term returns, in excess not only of our cost of capital but what we think is a fair value for our stock is, we'll certainly consider those. We've been, as Scott has mentioned, we used all of our free cash flow last year to buy back our stock, but we did have some growth capital. And that's the same methodology we're going through this year. We see some good growth in certain areas. We're not going crazy on that. And we're using all of the incremental, or most of the incremental free cash flow to buy back our stock. And if an acquisition pops up that we think is very attractive, we'll go after that as well. That's how we've created value over the last decade. And that's exactly the same methodology we are using as we look forward.
John Hayes: Well, some of the projects we have not -- the timing is unclear because we haven't announced them because we're still evaluating them. Scott was just giving a heads-up that we expect them to occur, but they may not. So the timing on the things we haven't announced is a bit unclear. Some of the other known projects, yes, we do have some startup expense. I don't think we've quantified it on a quarter or even for the year right now. It's a little bit, but I wouldn't worry too much about that. And we think most of the capital that we've talked about, whether it's the Serbia line, whether it's the Alumi-Tek, whether it's the Torrance closure and the Whitby and Fort Worth capital, all those things will be largely completed in 2011.
John Hayes: The beer market in North America, I presume you're talking about that segment, has been soft over the last couple of years. I think the breweries, generally speaking, have been going after value as opposed to volume and as a result, the overall market there has been down a couple of percent every year. There has been some positive signs relative to promotional activity and other things around that. But one of the big impediments is a lot of the unemployment here in the United States is in that 21- to 29-year-old category, and that's a big Beer segment. And I think until we see some improvement on the unemployment in that segment, we're going to still see some muted growth on the Beer segment.
John Hayes: Yes, absolutely. We're laser focused. We spend a lot of time talking about that making sure we have the right resources, apply it in the right way to ensure the success of these projects. And as Dave just pointed out, there's a diversity of these projects. This is not new technology. This is what we do. And as a result, we are confident that we're going to be able to execute successfully on those.
John Hayes: Well, we're not even talking 24 hours here. So but as I said earlier, Ball has been successful because we have been very prudent users of our capital. We've been strategically opportunistic, and we have a very good set of people that have their DNA wired for good set of values and it's all about continuous improvement. And when you do that and combine it with our close-to-the-customer strategy and focus on our customer, that model works. As what I've been talking to people when they ask this question, I say, don't fix what isn't broke. We are in a wonderful place right now. And it's up to the 14,000-plus people at Ball, led by Scott, myself and Ray and others, to make sure that we're focusing as much on replicating what we've done over the past 10 years into the next 10 years.
John Hayes: Andy, it's a great tip of the cap to the folks that are working in that business. A lot of the improvement came on the cost side of the business. As you know, several years ago, we were struggling in that business and we're not anymore. As we go forward, I think a lot of the low hanging fruit is past us. And so I would not expect an ability to improve margins at all in that business, but we have been doing to a wonderful job of bringing cost out of that business.
John Hayes: Yes, I think we can maintain them. Obviously, you have to adjust for metal and all those things. But the profitability in that business is where we think we can hold it.
John Hayes: It's January 27 right now, and the weather, we have to see what happens with the weather. But as Dave said, we feel very constructive as we head into not only 2011 but equally importantly, beyond. And so we want to thank you for participating. Thank you again, Dave. And we look forward to talking to everyone at the April conference call. Thanks again.
Andrew Feinman: Scott, I think you said that each one of the capital projects will exceed the required return within three years. What's the required return that you're talking about? Weighted average cost of capital or is it -- you know what I mean? Because these days, if the required return is what you're earning on your cash, then you know what I mean, it's not...
Andrew Feinman: So that's $140 million going to $55 million, because you put money in at that time. And then I was just wondering how many shares of DigitalGlobe you still have, and what's the stock price? I was trying to find it on Bloomberg, and I couldn't.
Andrew Feinman: I wanted to also ask, your margin in Metal, Food and Household was supposed to be down this year, I thought, because you had the metal gain last year and, instead, it was the same. So I'm not quite sure how you did that and what that means for the future? It was 9.4%, and I never expected it to be that high, so...
Andrew Feinman: So you think you had maintained them? Because if you maintained them, I think that would be a home run.
