John A. Hayes: Great, thanks, Scott. Our Aerospace exceeded business expectations, really an amazing accomplishment considering government budgets in the recent election cycle. During the quarter, solid program execution continued and much work was completed to bid on additional work. Contracted backlog ended the quarter at $765 million, an anticipated reduction year-over-year as we await word on program bids that are in process. Our capabilities and products are well positioned as affordable solutions. We just need some decisions, and the right decisions at that, to be made in Washington. Now looking out across our company today, we are thankful for the team we have, the incredible results we've produced last year and the progress we are making on new capital being put to work. 2015 presents some known headwinds other companies are dealing with as well: FX, pension expense and aluminum premiums to name a couple. We are excited about the many opportunities in front of us to improve our business. Our long-term diluted earnings per share growth goal of 10% to 15% is out of reach for 2015 as we sit here today. We currently expect the earnings run rate to pick up steam in the back half of 2015 as projects ramp up and carry us onto the bridge for building into 2016. In the near term, our businesses are generating significant free cash flow for us to put to work. So let's start the Q&A so Scott and I can get back at it. And with that, Rebecca, we're ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: George, this is John. From an EVA perspective, we were up very strong in 2014, up 28%. It's going to be a bit of a challenge. We have a lot of investment going in, it's not generating any return right now because it's in the startup mode, so I would expect our EVA dollars to be roughly flat, maybe down a little bit depending on how the year goes. But -- and that's largely due to this capital we are putting out -- a lot of it doesn't come on until midstream and when it is coming on, we've got some start-up cost associated with it.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think the main dynamic there, Scott, is there -- we continue to see capital going in, and it's just the -- it, the overcapacity remains there, and I think so that means on a spot pricing perspective, that's where it puts the most pressure on it.
John A. Hayes: When you talk about global pricing, you're talking about our product to our customer, I presume. There is -- we have a mixed bag around the world, regional, global. We don't -- as Scott said, we expect many of our beverage can segments, with the exception of China, to be up year-over-year. And so we're -- some of that's a function of volume, some of it's a function of net price, some of it's a function of our mix. So I think we feel pretty good right now. The beverage can as an industry is actually doing quite well, relative to other substrates. You've heard me talk in the past about Kansas as a percent of the package mix in the beer category, and I think in every region we operate, it's up. It's over 60% U.S., it's over -- it's around 45% in Brazil. It's north of 20% in whole in Europe, obviously it's a little bit stronger in the U.K., for example, relative to some other places. And then even in China, we've talked about 5%, 6%, 7% as a share of the package, makes it up to 10% now. The fourth quarter was soft, I think the industry was down, we were up a little bit. But putting that aside, as we go into 2014, we continue to believe the beverage can has a bright future.
John A. Hayes: And last year, I mean, for instance in Europe, the comp in the first quarter was up quite a bit, and we don't expect that again.
John A. Hayes: Yes. That's really Middle East and Africa, and I think in part because of some of the geopolitical issues going on there. The export market for us, at least, was down, particularly in the fourth quarter. I think our core European volumes are actually up slightly. It's just the whole segment was down because the export market was down.
John A. Hayes: Well, Scott's speaking, I think it's fair to say, in the U.S. we don't expect, hardly any, if any, funding. I think a lot of the European, particularly our German pension, is more of a pay-as-you-go, and so that's where that funding would come from.
John A. Hayes: Let me preference this by saying it's the beginning of February, and so tell me what the weather's going to be like, tell me what some other things are going to be, even with the price of gasoline coming down, you really haven't seen a pull through from the average consumer. They've been trade -- they aren't buying more, they're trading up a little bit and they're not buying more. But I think what Scott was talking about, when you look at 2014 and the U.S., the overall beverage can market was down less than a percent, it was down 0.07%. Euro was up, and we see those trends continuing, whether it's the craft beer or whether some of these other segments that are growing has been beneficial with can as the can continues to take share from other packaging substrates. And it's really all past few years, it really has been the softness in the soft drink. It's not as if the can has been losing market share relative to PET and other substrates, it's just overall soft drink volumes are declining and, to date, our customers haven't been able to arrest those declines. So as we look into 2015, we don't see those trends changing materially. Scott did mention that some of these other alternative segments, whether it's energy drinks or sparkling waters or other things like that, that there has been some decent growth in that, and a fair amount of specialty goes into things like that. So I don't think the core trends, we see a fundamental change to as we look forward the next 12 months or so.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think a flat EBIT year for the full year is a very tall order. We had -- the $15 million I referred to was manufacturing inefficiencies on the, particularly on the service center side. We've made some decent improvement on that, but that's a longer runway than I think you may be expecting. And then with the -- just the overall market continuing decline, continued with the loss of the ConAgra business. I think a year ago or so, we thought we might have a shot at being flat EBIT in 2015 in that segment. I think it's a bit challenging. And that's on the food side. There's a lot of good things going on, on the impact-extruded side, as well as this new technology on the tin plate aerosol side. So you see a blend of it, but I still think with all those, because of the start up costs on the India project, because of the startup cost related to the G3, I think it's a tall order to think about -- we'd be flat in that segment.
John A. Hayes: Well, it still has an impact. As I said, the runway of it's a bit longer, and I recall last summer we talked more specifically about it. Some of it was self-inflicted, that we weren't running as efficiently as we could or should be, and some of it was outside of our control in terms of quality issues with some of the tin plate. I think the quality's gotten better. I think our manufacturing efficiencies have improved as well. But again, I think you're -- we're going to see steady improvement throughout the year, and so it's not just a big bang theory that it happens, starts and stops in one period.
John A. Hayes: We have a little bit more of it, probably in about another $7 million to $10 million in the first half of '15, and then we get to the second half, where we'll get some more even comps.
John A. Hayes: I think the best way to describe it, Scott had mentioned, on a currency-neutral basis, on a euro basis, our segment, we expect to be up year-over-year. Some of it's cost, some of it -- someone mentioned earlier about pricing and it's been a bit difficult, but on the other hand, we've been able to take this time. We're limited to be able to try and recover the premium and other costs as well.
John A. Hayes: I really don't think it's pushing volume through the grocery channel. When you look at the beer market, it was relatively flat, for example, in the fourth quarter and it was relatively flat for the full year. The only thing that was really growing in a material level was this -- the craft beer industry. And that was predominantly, as you know, 100% bottle business. And now it's over, I think it's 12% plus or minus, don't hold me to it, but it's in that range as the cans as a share. And so cans are getting an inordinate share of that. And that's one of the reasons why, even though the beer market is relatively flat, I think cans are performing quite well.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I don't have that last question first, but the vast majority of it is. I know we have a couple of contracts outstanding, but no, the answer to your question is, we are aware that they announced in their earnings that they're going to be rationalizing and building at the same time, and we don't expect any appreciable change to the market.
John A. Hayes: I will tell you, it's a new line, it's new capacity, and it's -- and we'd rather not go into the specifics about the customer or the segment, but we're excited about this. It's a new, a next-generation bottle shaping technology and it fits right into the sweet spot of our drive for 10 vision around expanding our new product portfolio.
John A. Hayes: Gosh, I wish I could tell you, because every time we think something, everything moves to the right. The dysfunction in Washington continues, and that we have -- I will tell you this, we have more bids outstanding than I can ever recall in the history of Ball Aerospace. We do expect some of them to happen first quarter. I think more likely, they're going to happen in the second quarter. We actually won some things, some commercial things in the fourth quarter. The issue there is these commercial entities are in the fund raising mode now. And so they need to raise the financing, but whether it was the 2 things that we announced in the fourth quarter, we feel pretty good about them, but they, they're in the process of raising money. So it's a whole amalgamation of things, and as you know, even though we've won those projects for those commercial entities, we don't count them in backlog until it's funded. And so, those are some of the things that we had referred to, and it's just -- it's taking candidly, a bit longer than we like. But despite that, the long-term prospects of the Aerospace business, we feel good about.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I don't have that in front of me. I don't think it was material, is what I'd say. The profitability in that segment, the fourth quarter year-over-year was down very slightly and our volume on the food side was down very slightly. So I don't think it was material.
John A. Hayes: It's too early to tell. I mean, this is what I would tell you is, you mentioned a lot of the headwinds, but we also mentioned a lot of the tailwinds that we have. Whether it's this new shaping technology for bottle cans in North America and getting that up and running, whether it's the new tin plate aerosol technology that we're going to be rolling out, whether it's the Oss facility that's going to be starting up in the second quarter, whether it's about the continued cost-out and not only in Europe but the folks in North America that have been doing a wonderful job and that's in part why our working capital's been positive, because they're on their game and being able to reduce inventories and other things like that. So we have a lot of good tailwinds as well. As I said, as we sit here today, given the headwinds you said and given the tailwinds I was mentioning, it's going to be -- I don't think, not only don't think, it's going to be very difficult to make 10% to 15%. But we're -- operationally, we're very strong, we're making investments, we're doing the right things, we're generating tons of cash and at really, your -- at the end of the day, your question, the answer to it depends on volume.
John A. Hayes: No, we haven't so far. But that doesn't surprise us, because the slowest months of the year, kind of the first couple of months of any year. As we go forward, I think there is a -- we believe that there would be a reverberation and a redistribution to those consumers. Anecdotally, I know that customers are not necessarily buying more at the convenience store when they go in and pay for their gas. They're trading up right now. But speaking to customers and others, I think people expect that to become more of a tailwind as we get to the summer. But that obviously depends on a variety of other factors as well.
John A. Hayes: Well, we have two. The new bottles, generation 2 bottle shaping technology is in the beverage side. And as we said, we expect that to be up and running by the end of the first quarter. So the way I think about it, I wouldn't expect much in the first half of the year, but in the second half the year, that's when you really start to see it. But we also have this new tin plate aerosol technology. That won't get up and running until mid -- perhaps even late second quarter, so you won't really see much of it this year because by the time it's ramped up, the large season in terms of tinplate aerosol sales is over, and so I think that's more of a '16 opportunity.
John A. Hayes: Exactly. And so they kind of offset, so we look, we don't necessarily just look at it on an EBIT basis, because that's pure translation. You got to look it on an economic basis, which includes the interest expense and other things like that.
John A. Hayes: What I'd tell you is from our portfolio perspective, our pricing is stable in that part of the world. And so, as you know, any investment we make, we look at what the terms of the contract are and make our decision there. So that's probably all I should say.
John A. Hayes: Yes. There's net capacity additions, but it's not at the rate it was. In part, we think because the can market slowed down a little bit. But again, let's put it in context. For the full year, I don't have the number it front of me, but I think it was up, it was up double digits as an industry. As the fourth quarter, it was down. So it's been strong and there's many small, individually owned plants, that they're have been adding capacity on that, and I think they're -- we're starting to see a slowdown there. But we started to see a slow down before, too, and it still had net increases.
John A. Hayes: Yes. It's -- on the beer side, and that's what really we track because the information's better, but it's about 10%, cans as a percent of the package mix and that's, gosh, I don't know exactly what it was last year. I want to say 8%, but it's been growing, which is helpful, because as we all know, China is the largest beer market in the world.
John A. Hayes: It's a new technology, George, and once we get it up and running, we'd be delighted to have you -- to show it to you.
John A. Hayes: It is -- same answer, George. I would just tell you, it's a new technology on the way to make tinplate aerosol containers that we think have significant opportunity for metal savings.
John A. Hayes: Yes, thank you, George. It's -- I hesitate to answer that question, because I don't want to run afoul of anything that we're very respectful of, relative to announcements as far -- so I'd rather not answer it. But I would tell you this, the -- not the beverage can, but the industry, writ large, there is continued -- there's relatively anemic growth, and where there is growth, there's a lot of competitors. And I say that whether it's in the automotive market or whether it's in the metals market or other things like that. I do think we have done a very good job at Ball Corporation, really focusing on the supply chain, and like you said, on the working capital side. And as we go forward, we're going to continue to do what we've been always doing.
John A. Hayes: Yes, we're, yes. The trim, the slim, the smaller sized cans in the soft drink. There's been a big emphasis on that over the past couple of years, and we played our part in that. It -- not only on the soft drink side, but also even on the beer side. When you think about some of the new products that have been coming out by brewers, both large and small, the standard 12-ounce container, while still very important, they're trying to add incremental growth, kind of like what I said before about creating new products with different types of packaging, different size of packaging, and that's where the specialty growth has been coming from, and we've been playing our part in it.
John A. Hayes: With respect to the second question, because I can't remember the first question. We'd rather not comment on that. I think the world is globalizing, but that's all I'll say about that.
John A. Hayes: Yes. When you think about it that way, yes. I don't -- we don't -- we'd be guessing if you gave a specific number right now. But yes, it's because when you think about still and sparkling, there's a whole plethora of packaged beverages out there.
John A. Hayes: Well, what I mentioned was, in '14, we funded up a little over $140 million into the pension plans, globally, and in '15, we'll fund less than $30 million and our pensions are in pretty good shape, from a funding standpoint. So I don't think it's -- it moves around from year to year, and frankly a lot of our funding is dependent upon timing and how strong our cash flow is, so our cash flow's quite strong. Last year we put a lot into the plan, so. We're just commenting on '15, what that looks like.
John A. Hayes: Okay, thank you. With that, Rebecca, I think we're finished. And as you can tell, we're quite excited about our prospects as we go forward. We have some headwinds in 2015, but we think we have our handle on them, but we also have a fair amount of tailwind. And as we go into the second half of '15, we feel real good about the long-term prospects for our company. So we appreciate your support, and look forward to a solid 2015.
Scott C. Morrison: Sure, George. This is Scott. On the Asian pricing, it continues to be very challenging and we thought last year it might have been a new low, but I think it continues to have pressure on it. I'm not going to quantify it because it's a pretty fluid situation. But it's obviously impactful. I think the other parts of that segment will do well and make more money, and it's a question of can they offset what the -- the pressure that we'll have in China. So on the second front, on the FX side, if the euro -- if you think about it this way from an EPS standpoint, roughly a 1 point move in the euro is about $0.01 a share, roughly.
Scott C. Morrison: I would expect EVA dollars, George, they're going to be up in North American beverage, it's going to be up in Brazil and it's been a be up in Europe. The other businesses will be flat to slightly down.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. Our volumes grew kind of low single digits in the fourth quarter, and I think everything in China seems like it's slowing down a bit. So I don't think that was uncommon. We had been at a better growth rate throughout most of the year. From a pricing perspective, that's why it's kind of a mixed bag. There are some contracts that have longer-term nature to them, but there is a lot of spot business, and that's what I was referring to.
Scott C. Morrison: We think it's going to be a source again. We continue to -- our folks both from a treasury perspective and an operations perspective, continue to find ways to get more money out of the working capital, so I think it's going to be another source in 2015 as well.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. I think obviously, that leads tougher comps for Brazil, definitely. We think there'll be market growth, but we think it's going to be pretty low. The economy there has got some struggles, and we'll have to wait and see how it plays out, but we're not expecting -- we expect it to be positive, but not in the huge way. North America, we kind of return to more normalized trends, I would say, last year and we expect that to continue. The soft drink business continues to be under pressure, but beer continues to hold up pretty well, and a lot of new segments continue to hold up well, and specialty is doing well. So probably somewhere in '15 as it was in '14 for us. Europe, we think the market will grow again. Kind of low to mid-single digits. You know what it's been growing over the last year or so. And China, China's slowed down from where it was before, and I still think it'll grow, but the question is how much.
Scott C. Morrison: The other thing I'd add, Ghansham, is this last summer in particular, we had World Cup, we had other things going on. This summer, as we look forward, there's not many of those either European championships or World Cup or Olympics or other things like that. And so, it's an off year relative to those big promotional types of things, and so that's factored into what Scott just says.
Scott C. Morrison: I would just do it this way, I'll look that up with the -- from an expense standpoint, the expense will be up about $7 million, but the funding for '15 will be less than $30 million.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. The cost reduction continues to -- they've really done a nice job of getting the cost out. It was really premium. We've got a little bit more headwind, about $7 million in the fourth quarter of euro headwind with the lower volume, and then FX that's kind of a total difference of why it was down. Why have a little bit more premium that will come through in the first half of '15, and then we'll be at more even comps, year-over-year.
Scott C. Morrison: No, it's -- I mean the guys did a really good job in '14. A lot of cost came out in '14. I think there's still -- they have a lot of aggressive plans continuing for '15, but I wouldn't expect it to be at the same level than it was in '14.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. Our -- the exposure there is really just on the people that are there, for salaries. So we don't have a lot of cost in Switzerland. So it's not that significant.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. It was around $6 million in the fourth quarter, and then we'll have some of that in the first quarter, too, as we get to production capability near the end of the quarter.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. These start-ups -- our guys do, usually a pretty good job of getting these things going and running well, but there's always a learning curve as you start the line and you start to get into it. But that pressure should reduce as we start producing cans and selling cans.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. I think the -- yes, I think we still have a shot at it, of offsetting the decline in pricing with the performance at the other segments or the other areas where we produce. But it's a little too early to call yet. It depends a lot on volumes and how things mature through the year.
Scott C. Morrison: We have a variety of plans. So that -- I'm just giving you the number that we think we'll end up with at the end of the year.
Scott C. Morrison: Sure. The contractual payment part of it will spread out further. I wouldn't come at it, early in the year it will spread our further, it was -- it's complicated. But we'll pick that up, but it's over a period of time. On the energy side, it's definitely, with the drought that's been going on, energy costs have been going up, and that will be -- we do have a bit of a headwind from that standpoint in Brazil in '15. But despite those energy headwinds, we still expect the operating performance to be better.
Scott C. Morrison: Let's go region by region. I think Europe, as Scott had mentioned, it was growing low to mid-single digits. I think it was 3.5% plus or minus in the growth. And so, we're putting a new line in Oss because we are sold out there. And so I think the capacity in the industry is reasonably high there. I think as you go into North America, I don't want to speculate, I can only speak about Oss. We're running relatively full. We actually were up slightly because we were more and more weighted towards the beer segment and the specialty side of the business. And so we feel pretty good about that. I can't comment on what others are thinking. I can just tell you that for us, we have no plans in terms of further plant rationalization as we sit here today in North America.
Scott C. Morrison: Well I -- what I said in Europe is on a constant-currency basis, their earnings will be up. Now what happens to currency, I'm not smart enough to know what will happen this year. So it really depends on where that settles out. But on a constant-currency basis, though, we're...
Scott C. Morrison: No. I think if you -- I made this comment earlier. Think about a 1% move in the euro is roughly a $0.01 impact to the company.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes, I'm probably not going to comment on any of that, actually. I mean, we're full on a lot of cash, our balance sheet's in very good shape. I think we have a lot of flexibility, and I'll probably leave it at that.
Scott C. Morrison: On the first question, we think there's all kinds of beverages that should go into cans, and you throw out water, but I think water and sparkling -- what I'm drinking is sparkling water right, out of a can. So I think there's a lot of products that can go in cans. And that's helping the growth in finding some of these new categories.
Scott C. Morrison: We have a number of different plans, but I think around 80% for the funded plans. We have a large German unfunded, kind of pay-as-you-go plan, so I kind of look at just the funded plans. The Americas and the U.K. were roughly around 80%.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, I mean in '14, you saw a lot of improvement year-over-year in terms of the European earnings, so that's despite some metal headwinds that we faced, even in '14, and '15, I think the cost take out will continue. We still have metal headwind in the first part of the year, first half of the year. But they continue to do a good job of reducing costs and so what I commented was that, on a constant-currency basis, we expect that business, the operating profit, to be up, despite the metal premium headwind.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. It's all back up and running. The -- both that can sheet supplier and our whole supply chain, including all of our sourcing folks, did a really good job of managing through that, so it wasn't impactful.
Scott C. Morrison: That's -- yes, generally. I mean, it's probably more North American-centric, but that's -- you'd be okay...
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. I think, I mean given the challenging pricing environment, we'll put capital to work where we're getting decent returns. We've got some things to do in our own operations, where we think we can improve our cost structure meaningfully. And so we're focused on the things we can control, because we can't control the pricing. And so we're going to do things in our own operations to get incremental volume out of our existing operations, and then we're going to be really prudent with additional capital in China. So it probably is a little different tone than it was a quarter ago.
