John A. Hayes: Great. Thank you, James, and good morning, everyone. This is Ball Corporation's conference call regarding the company's third quarter 2016 results. The information provided during this call will contain forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied. Some factors that could cause results or outcomes to differ are in the company's latest 10-K and in other company SEC filings, as well as company news releases. If you don't already have our third quarter earnings release, it's available on our website at ball.com. Information regarding descriptions of our new segment reporting and the use of non-GAAP financial measures may also be found in the notes section of today's earnings release, which includes a simplified table format summarizing business consolidation and other activities, as well as a reconciliation of comparable operating earnings and diluted earnings per share calculations. Joining me on the call today is Scott Morrison, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And if we sound a bit tired, we are. The Chicago Cubs won the World Series, baby. Dreams do come true. I'll provide a brief overview of the company's performance. Scott will discuss financial and global packaging metrics. And then, I'll finish up with comments on our aerospace business and the outlook for the future. We're pleased that the new combined business, as well as our existing businesses, are right on track versus our expectations and the anticipated earnings momentum has continued to materialize, particularly in beverage and aerospace. Upon the close of the acquisition, we discussed that the second half of 2016 might be a bit choppy from an earnings and cash flow perspective due to one-time integration costs, but that we felt confident as we went into 2017 that we'd be able to generate comparable earnings and cash flow that we discussed for both 2017 and beyond. This is exactly how it is playing out and we continue to expect to achieve all of the 2017 to 2019 financial metrics and synergy goals we laid out on our prior earnings call. During our initial review of the new locations, we welcomed our new team members into the Ball culture and experienced a smooth integration to date. Where we have recognized the need for minor changes from a personnel or policy perspective, actions have been taken or are well underway. In the coming months, we will focus on securing the appropriate value for our products, while fighting for our proportionate share of the volume. And at the same time, we'll be chasing the value capture opportunities in sourcing, freight, logistic and footprint optimization, as well as ongoing cost-saving initiatives like the closure of the London and Charlotte offices. Certain work from these locations has already begun to migrate to other Ball locations and Ball will exit the Millbank office by December 2016 and close the Charlotte office in the first half of 2017. We thank the Millbank and Charlotte teams for their support during this integration. Future announcements regarding other changes will be made when decisions are finalized. In addition to the complex integration and separation work, during the third quarter, we continued ramping up line speeds at our new Monterrey, Mexico beverage facility. We shipped and invoiced salable cans from our new Myanmar facility late in the third quarter. We continued the previously-initiated European beverage cost-out initiatives, including the closure of the Berlin, Germany beverage can facility that was announced in December of 2015. We achieved solid operational performance in our food and aerosol business despite depressed U.S. food can demand in the period, and we further grew our aerospace contracted backlog to a record $1.4 billion. It was an incredibly busy and rewarding quarter. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Morrison. Scott.
John A. Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business reported improved third quarter results driven by solid contract performance. Congratulations to the entire aerospace team. Their hard work paid off. Our contracted backlog closed the quarter at a record $1.4 billion, which is a 129% increase since the beginning of 2016. As I mentioned last quarter, we're ramping up and staffing up for these new contracts, which will benefit the remainder of 2016, and more importantly, beyond. Now, across the company and as we look forward, we're on track to achieve the numbers that Scott just laid out. Every day we gain even more visibility into the opportunities before us and while there are always challenges, the team is up for proactively managing these. In summary, I'm proud of what our team has accomplished so far. Everyone has taken to heart what it means to behave as a true owner. We all know there is much work still to be done and we're focused on our balance sheet, cost-out, footprint, supply-demand balance, supply chain and innovation. Advocating for the beverage can versus other substrates and improving the value generated for the products we sell are things we embrace as an industry leader. As I mentioned in my introduction, our financial goals and aspirations for 2017 and beyond remain the same. And when our leverage gets to the range of 3 to 3.5 times, we will return value to our fellow shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. And with that, James, we're ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Nothing out of the ordinary is what I'd say. As we have moved forward, we have talked about this before. We have some new muscles in terms of our relative position and we're developing those and trying to flex them. As I did say in our prepared remarks, we are trying to get value for the products we deliver and we've had discussions with our customers, like we always do. As we mentioned in prior times, we're very much customer-focused and some of those discussions go easy, some of them are challenging at times, but there's nothing appreciable that's out of the ordinary.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Well, as we said I think in our earnings release, Adam, it was really just two things. Number one, the salmon business, as you know, that has over time been a pretty volatile business and it was a poor salmon harvest this year. So that was definitely one of them. The other one was just in our existing customer base, the demand side on the customer didn't perform as well as we had thought. We've talked in the past that we had some share shifts, but that had nothing to do with – in the quarter. It was just a little bit softer. Some of it bled over into October, but we don't expect October to be meaningfully different than it was last year. And so I just think it was a little bit softer harvest than we had expected.
John A. Hayes: Well, as you know, the Brazilian economy has been challenged economically, so I will start with there. I do know that can, however, continues to perform relatively well overall. For example, overall beer volumes were down a couple percent in the quarter and the cans were flat, which means it continues to take share from other substrates. I think as we go forward, we continue to expect that. I do think that some of the reforms that Brazil is pushing through gives better confidence over the longer term in terms of the economy improving and the middle class growing, which is real important, as you know, for overall beverage consumption. There has been discussions about new capacity coming on. It's reasonably tight right now. So as I said on the call last quarter, we're certainly aware of that. We don't think there's going to be any appreciable dislocations because Brazil does have a lot of embedded growth. They're just going through some short-term economic pain.
John A. Hayes: I think what we said on last quarter, nothing really has changed. Millbank between those two things, we had $70 million, $80 million of costs in that range and we expect to get most of it out. We'll have a little bit because there is some incremental support that's required for all those acquired facilities, but I think what we talked about was $60 million, $70 million of total cost that we expect to be able to get out of that.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, first, I caution not only with both of those, but with all of them, the comparability, if you want to call it that, of these segments is a little apples and oranges just because you're comparing a legacy Ball business, much of what you just described in South America and more importantly in Europe, we divested. And so that's the apple and then the pear or the other fruit is what we have going forward. Having said that, I would say in South America, we have – as we've talked before, it's a good business with a great management team. We've got scale, which is real important there. And when you have a footprint that you can leverage in a way much greater than we were able to with kind of three facilities, you can see some of the benefit. I do think in Europe that there is some opportunity. Our business – our legacy business margins were a little bit better than the business we acquired. We knew that going in. There were no surprises there. And so our opportunity in some of the cost-out that I mentioned, whether it's Berlin or whether it's some other things, we think there's opportunity, again, because of the scale of the business. It's a bigger business than we've either had. So over the next couple of years, we expect to drive continued improvement in the European segment.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, I think it is a reasonable goal. As I said, we're a little bit softer in the third quarter, but other times, sometimes we're a little bit stronger. I think as we look forward, what we talked about before in terms of the service center realignment that's going on that we're going to get the benefit of 2017, we're investing in the Czech Republic to grow the impact extruded side of that business that's going to come on stream late this year, early next year. We have a new plant in India that up until recently really hasn't even been generating anything because it was in startup mode. And then, we've invested in the UK in terms of impact extruded. That combined with just the overall continued growth, for example, in our Mexican impact extruded says that over the next couple of years, we expect to be able to get in the range of where we had been before.
John A. Hayes: As I said, scale is real important in this business. And just, for example, we had G&A that supported three plants. We don't have that much more appreciable G&A that's supporting 13 plus plants in that region. And so that's just one example of it. There's many others we can give, but scale is important in our business.
John A. Hayes: No. As I said, for example, in the third quarter, can continued to gain share relative to glass and we are entering the summer, so – and it's still early in their summer season, but so far so good. But we haven't seen any appreciable change from the trends we've talked about previously.
John A. Hayes: Read it as exactly what the words that came out of my mouth. We think that the beverage can is the most sustainable package from an economic perspective. And while at the same time, we want to make sure we're getting paid for our innovation efforts. And we put a lot of effort and energy into the specialty can size and growth and development of not only the can itself, but the market itself. You think about the aluminum bottles, you think about the service that we provide, you think about the quality we provide, and my comments stand on their own two feet.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. I mean, another example on that is, given the retail environment, there's a lot of movements and shifts in terms of in and out packages. And so when you contract on a standard 12 ounce can basis and you have long runs, it's changing today. So that's just another example of how we've to modify our muscle memory to reflect the current realities.
John A. Hayes: Yes. Look, let me attack it a little bit different way. When we're able to help our customers grow their profits and grow their profit pools, there's greater money to go around. What we try and do is actually make the can the most sustainable package and make it to become the most profitable package for our customer. That's our aspiration, because if we can do that, that's what we mean about being the most sustainable package in the beverage world.
John A. Hayes: No, generally speaking, it's broad-based, but specifically when you think about the greatest amount of changes in terms of the package sizes, shapes, those types of things, I would certainly say Europe and North America.
John A. Hayes: Yes. For 2016, as we said before, the second half of 2016 is as much about getting after – from an integration point of view, getting after those cost synergies that we're able to deliver on in 2017. So you shouldn't expect too much in 2016.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. And remember, the UK business as a percent of our revenues is south of 5%, so it's not a big driver.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Yeah, let me just quickly try and go through it. I think the overall trends that we've talked about really haven't changed at all that much. And what I mean by that, in North America, we continue to see – on a pro forma basis, again, you have to keep that in mind, but we were up high single-digits in the United States and North America, that segment. In Europe, I don't have the numbers off the top of my head, but as we talked in our prepared remarks, there continues to be a bias towards specialty. And so that's been growing at a faster rate than the standard containers. And then, when you go into other regions, whether it's South America or even Asia, you're continuing to see specialty can growth higher and in the case of Asia much higher than you are standard containers.
John A. Hayes: All right. Why don't I tackle Mexico right now? No, no changes. As you know, we make in Mexico and sell in Mexico. Now, the finished product is often exported in the United States, but it really plays into the broader demographics that's going on there. I think you're intimating what happens in the election. I think it's premature to speculate there, but I – it's challenging to think that there is going to be meaningful changes in domestic consumption here in the U.S., given the demographics that have gone on, certainly in the next few years. So we don't see any change based relative to where we were six months or even a year ago.
John A. Hayes: Yes. Then in the China market, we're right in the early part of the throes of the annual price negotiations. As you all know, we took a big step-down last year. Relative to our expectations, we still think there's oversupply in the market. We still think it's challenging. We also know that a lot of can makers that are publicly traded over there have publicly expressed that they are quite challenged in the market. So I think it's premature to determine exactly what's going to happen, but we've taken a ton of cost out in that business in 2016. We have further plans to do that and we kind of think we've hit a low point. But having said that, it is early November and the pricing discussions haven't been finalized.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, but I think to answer your other part of the question, the other remember also includes EMEA and that is a profitable business. So we've made a lot of good progress in China, but don't – I think you're intimating it went from negative $13 million in the first half to positive $22 million.
John A. Hayes: Yes, the other thing, as you all know, we never really talk about margins because metal pass through is such a big component. With aluminum being softer, it makes the margin look higher. We look at the return on capital. And that's a better way to be looking at it. So I wouldn't read too much into these margin things that you're mentioning.
John A. Hayes: It's a good ballpark. Like Scott said, we're going to be putting this first line in and then kind of ramping up and building infrastructure for the second line. And so the timing of it is dependent upon how the Spanish market continues to grow. But in terms of your broader question about CapEx, we have been spending a fair amount of money. And you mentioned – actually just to be clear, we're not building a new plant in the Czech Republic. We're significantly expanding an existing plant, but we continue to make specialty can investments in our business. We talked about in North America on the last conference call that there is some capital that's going to be required to upgrade the facilities we acquired. So there's a whole bunch of distributed things like that. And we stand by what we said in the range of $500 million for next year.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. I think the path – I mean, we have a record amount of backlog and it's obviously a very good story there. I think as time goes on, we're going to be able to surpass what we've done in the past in terms of revenue and in terms of profitability. I mentioned on last quarter that we had a lot on our plates in terms of won, not-booked and the biggest surprise that happened in the third quarter for us is, given that the government pushed out the continuing resolution until after the election, we were pleasantly surprised and so some of the wins turned into funded wins, which went into our backlog. We're still chasing a variety of things in the aerospace business. And even getting back to the capital, I think over the next couple of years, it's not big dollars, but we're going to be investing in that in terms of new chambers, in terms of expanding our manufacturing capability and capacity, and building out some of our existing facilities because our backlog is the highest we've ever had it and we're ramping up big time in terms of hiring people, getting people going. And as I mentioned, I think you're going to start to see it roll out as early as the fourth quarter 2016. And then as we go to 2017 and beyond, we feel good about that business. They've been doing a great job.
John A. Hayes: There's a very long answer to that. I would encourage you to come to the investor conference and hear directly from our presidents in that region. That's part of what we're planning on doing – explaining what we see from a demand perspective, a supply perspective, a footprint perspective, a size, shape, capacity, innovation, all those various things at the Investor Day.
John A. Hayes: No, there are no start-up costs and it's going to be ramped up as we go and really get going. It's a difficult question to answer because as we have – like, and every time we have some contracts that are coming off, some contracts that are coming on. I will point out a couple things though. The majority of the business we've won is a cost-plus business, cost-plus fixed-fee business. And that usually – we've talked about this in the past. When you have a fixed-price contract, usually the margins when you start out are a bit lower. And then, if you execute successfully, your margins will pick up as you deliver those. In a cost-plus environment, it's a little bit more stable. The margin is across, so I don't expect our margin profile, having said that, to change meaningfully as we look forward. I think it's as much about growing the revenues. And some of these programs we've won are multi-year programs. Some of them are single year. It's a big mix, but the vast majority of this is cost-plus, which is actually good from an overall profitability perspective.
John A. Hayes: Yes. We've got a very good relationship with that customer you're mentioning. I think it's premature and it's not fair for us to comment on what some of their plans are. I'll just say that we have a very good relationship with them to supply 100% of their needs in Mexico.
John A. Hayes: Yes. I don't have them off the top of my head. Some observations though high level is, number one, the can penetration is certainly lower in Mexico than it is in North America. Number two, it – and I say that on the beer side, I want to say it's in the 20%s versus 50%s here in North America. So there's a lot of good runway there. And I think as a lot of the Mexican beer companies look to develop their brands, they recognize they've been underweighted cans relative to glass and other substrates, and so they've been putting much more emphasis on the can, which I think longer term and shorter term is a benefit for us.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. It's the same trend. Historically, it had been more weighted towards glass than it had been cans. And I think as we look now and going forward, we are seeing a greater weight of cans relative to glass for the export.
John A. Hayes: On the conference call three months ago, our initial observations was the engagement of the people was awesome and we'd reiterate that. Great bunch of people who were very excited and I think as time goes on – we had a management conference; got the top 300 plus people in a room together, and really galvanized about who we are, what we're trying to do and how we are going to get there and what each and every person's role is and really this behaved like a true owner, as I talked about in my opening remarks. That's a positive. I think in terms of – when you peel away the onion, there's always puts and takes, but, as Scott had mentioned, we see some – we have to firm these things up, but we see some opportunities on the cost side, whether it's footprint, whether it's supply-demand dynamics, whether it's best practice sharing in the manufacturing footprints, all those things. We're getting after it now. And as we dig into it, we're excited.
John A. Hayes: No, it's still growing strong. I think what that – whoever was mentioning that – you have seen a change though. I think some of the larger craft brewers have slowed down. The top 10 brands in the craft brewing side has slowed down, but on the other side of the curve, many of the smaller ones, they continue to grow very strong on the can side because they were in glass historically, or they did not exist. And so we continue to see a strong uptick in some of the smaller craft beers going into cans.
John A. Hayes: Okay, great. Well, thank you, James, and we look forward to seeing you all at our upcoming investor conference in December. And if anyone who has not registered, we'd ask you to please reach out to Ann Scott and do so. And look forward to getting into 2017 and delivering on what we expect. Thank you.
Scott C. Morrison: Sure. On the $1 billion, it's dynamic, obviously, but if things go well, if volumes go well, we could exceed $1 billion. If things are a little lighter and softer, we might be a little bit short, but I don't think it's a gigantic range. And then as it relates to the capital, yes, one of the things we had planned for some time now is the expansion in Madrid. So in that $500 million for next year is a good chunk of that to build out Madrid.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, I think, to the first point on the corporate undistributed, it's not really that it's higher. It's just in a different bucket than the one we previously had anticipated. What we're going to do with some of the pension costs going forward is, if they weren't related – we've retained some of the German pensions, for example. And so next year, we'll move some of the German costs for those pensions into corporate undistributed because they really don't relate to the business. So it's really more of just where we're reporting those numbers. It's not really an increase in cost.
Scott C. Morrison: As it relates to the second part, food had a little softer quarter in the third quarter, but I think the fourth quarter should be okay, and so that plays into the number. Like we said, it's a big business that we're getting our arms around and I think doing really well. We just want to make sure that we're clear. And could there be a little variability to that number? Yeah, I think there could.
Scott C. Morrison: No, not at all. Not for this year and not really for next year. If anything, we're 120 days into this and I think we're more excited about the opportunities that we see in front of us.
Scott C. Morrison: But also remember, Scott, last year in the third quarter, we had a pretty tough quarter. So you're comparing something that was unusually low too, so you've got to be careful with the comparisons.
Scott C. Morrison: And the complexity of the business is way different. We need to make sure that we're getting paid appropriately for that complexity.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes, we never gave a number for 2016. We gave a 2017 number. So we have lots of plans in place, a lot of things that are progressing as we expected. And that's why we're reiterating the number for 2017. It's the same as what we told you a couple months ago.
Scott C. Morrison: Our pound business actually isn't that big. And then today, the UK Court said the vote for Brexit was illegal and that Parliament has to vote, so the pound popped. So it's a dynamic world.
Scott C. Morrison: No. No real change, George. Everything that we expected to happen in the third quarter post-close is exactly what happened at the costs we anticipated. And as we look into 2017, and any actions we might take there, none of those costs have changed.
Scott C. Morrison: Sure. This is a customer we've been selling to for a while. We were servicing them out of another plant that was outside of Spain in the old Ball legacy business. During the process of working with the EC, we kept that particular contract, which was a long multiyear contract, way beyond five years, which is the anchor tenant of all that volume. It'll initially – the plant will come up in 2018 with one line and then another line added after that. And so a vast majority of it is contracted and then the Spanish market continues to be one of the better markets across Europe and so we'll be able to grow with that market.
Scott C. Morrison: The cost structure is really – we've pretty much inoculated ourselves from Mexican currency swings because it's really a dollar-based business.
Scott C. Morrison: No, if you looked at the Asia business alone, we took a big hit in the first quarter. We had inventory revaluation down, which was a big impact in the first quarter. So the first quarter was particularly rough. It has progressively gotten better, as we've gotten the cost out too. Remember, we had a pretty significant cost-out plan and that has matured through the first quarter into the third quarter and that's why sequentially we've gotten better as the year has gone on.
Scott C. Morrison: Remember, what you're comparing to was a really soft quarter in our legacy business in the third quarter of last year. So you're really not comparing – making a fair comparison. But the business that we acquired is a much bigger business that has a lot more scale and is a very well run business. Now, where the margins go over time, we will see. But it's a good business.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. That sounds about right, and then add the amortization that we're going to exclude is on top of that, but that's (42:04)
Scott C. Morrison: Yes, the Russia market is good. It's a good business. It's a growing business. The can continues to do well and we would expect that to continue going forward.
Scott C. Morrison: There's usually not a huge upside. I mean the market is higher than it was when we entered the lease, so maybe there's a little bit, but that's rounding.
Scott C. Morrison: And it will be much more beneficial from a cost standpoint because it'll be very closely located to where all that volume's going.
Scott C. Morrison: Sure. I don't have the exact liability numbers with me right now, but the pension plans that we acquired were actually better funded than the Ball legacy pension plans. So, in fact, in the UK, they have a very sizable pension there. It's actually over funded by a few hundred million dollars. And in the U.S., it's better funded than our plans have been. So we don't anticipate a major change in the pension expense going forward and most of the expense that we'll have will be really related to our U.S. legacy business versus what we acquired. But I can get you some more specific numbers. (54:23)
George Leon Staphos: Okay. Appreciate that, John. One thing I wanted to ask, Scott, is the Madrid plant. Can you provide a little bit more color? I think you said it was an existing contract you had that you elected to keep and you're building this new facility. If there's any more commentary you could share around it. I forget if you said how large the facility was going to be. And then I had one last follow-up before I turn it over.
George Leon Staphos: Okay, great. Thanks for that, Scott. As you think about Mexico, given the potential for various outcomes post-election, is the way you're planning for that business to progress or develop, or for that matter, the way your customers are planning, has any of that changed over the last six months relative to where we are right now? And then, I don't know if you have a quick update on Chinese pricing and the outlook for 2017, but I figured I'd throw that in there? Thank you, guys. Good luck.
George Leon Staphos: But would you consider maybe tightening up the cost structure if currencies further devalue? I guess that was part of the question.
