Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. I’d like to congratulate Dan on his election to Chairman of the Board and thank John for his service as Chairman. Dan was battle-tested on many fronts in 2022 and he has the skill set and drive to take the company to new heights. First quarter 2023 comparable diluted earnings per share were $0.69 versus $0.77 in the first quarter of 2022 and excluding the notable Russian aluminum packaging business sale headwind, first quarter comparable diluted earnings per share were flat versus the prior year. First quarter sales decreased compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to the sale of our Russian business in the third quarter of 2022, currency translation, lower volumes and the pass-through of lower aluminum prices, partially offset by the pass-through of inflationary costs. In the first quarter, net comparable earnings decreased compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to the sale of our Russian business in the third quarter of 2022, lower volumes in North and South America, and increased interest expense, partially offset by fixed cost savings, lower depreciation expense and SG&A cost-out initiatives, as well as the contractual pass-through of inflationary costs. To reiterate our prior earning’s call commentary and to help frame some of Dan’s earlier comments about choppier second quarter performance in North America and South America segment earnings, we have been and will continue to proactively manage regional supply-demand balance across our system of plants in the near-term. After July, segment earnings will reaccelerate when the majority of the contractual inflation recovery begins and a larger portion of summer selling volume flows through segment results. Also remember, the virtual power purchase agreement settlement recorded in North America’s first quarter results will not replicate in the second quarter. However, we estimate that North America’s second quarter segment results will be relatively in line with $183 million first quarter segment results reported today. In South America, customer and product mix is unfavorably influence -- influencing the seasonally slower second quarter, and consistent with our prior commentary, we anticipate a more robust second half in Brazil, as customer hedges roll off and the fourth quarter summer selling season kicks in. As we sit here today, some very consistent commentary and key metrics. We ended the first quarter in a solid liquidity position with in excess of $1.5 billion in cash and available credit facilities; 2023 CapEx will be in the range of $1.2 billion, driven by cash outflows related to prior year’s projects; 2024 CapEx is targeted to be in the range of GAAP D&A levels. We are targeting free cash flow in the range of $750 million in 2023 and focusing on deleveraging. Our 2023 full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings is expected to be in the range of 20%. Full year 2023 interest expense is expected to be in the range of $425 million, while the first quarter corporate costs appear lower than the expected run rate. We continue to anticipate full year 2023 corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable to be in the range of $90 million, with the second quarter costs being higher year-over-year, driven by announced key employee retirement costs. Including the $86 million Russia business sale, operating earnings headwind, comparable operating earnings should increase nearly $200 million and full year 2023 comparable D&A will likely be in the range of $550 million. As we look forward and incorporating near-term demand trends, year-end 2023 net debt to comparable EBITDA is expected to trend in the range of 3.7 times, and in future years, we will drive that lower. Last week, Ball declared its quarterly cash dividend, and as Dan mentioned, reducing leverage is our key focus prior to resuming share repurchases in 2024. Rest assured, as fellow owners, we will manage the business through the lens of EVA and cash stewardship and we will effectively manage our supply chain and customers in this current economic climate to secure the best cash, earnings and EVA outcome for our shareholders. With that, I will turn it back to you, Dan.
Scott Morrison: No. There’s not deflation typically built in our contracts. There might be something unique in certain contracts where it’s tied to maybe an energy index somewhere. But, in general, we are not seeing deflation, we are seeing inflation slow down and that’s…
Scott Morrison: George, the only thing I would add is, long-term, the positive -- the best positive here is the can is winning, new product introductions are still heavily weighted to cans and so that bodes well for the can in the long run and that’s we are playing a long game here.
Scott Morrison: Operating rates, we are running our plants. I mean we are taking downtime and we are taking more of it in the second quarter to make sure that we are operating at pretty high levels of above 90%. So we will take downtime in Q2 in North America and South America. South America, that’s pretty typical given the seasonality of that business, but we are really focused in Q2 on getting our inventories to the right level and so we can run it -- and run at fairly high operating rates for the year and so that will be a bit -- that will be a drag in Q2.
Scott Morrison: And Angel, just to give more granularity in the prepared comments, I said, in North America, we would essentially be flat sequentially first quarter to second quarter given the downtime of things that we are going to do and getting our inventories right. In South America, the negative will be larger than that. Given the volume, the mix and the absorption, it will be softer than it was in Q1 and then we expect to be in a better position as we move into the busier second half of the year.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. I’d say North and Central America, what you are seeing is, all the hard work from last year in terms of cost-out, you see our SG&A is much lower, the plants are operating better. We are -- I think we are getting our group back with how we operate. So it performed at or above our expectations, too. We expected softer volume and our game plan is to perform very well even if volumes are soft and so that’s exactly what you are seeing. You also got -- we got a benefit of that virtual power purchase agreement in the first quarter that won’t repeat and so -- but we will keep earnings relatively flat and that’s due to improved performance across the business.
Scott Morrison: A lot of that was already done. The European business has done a really good job both on the commercial front and the supply chain front to manage our costs. So that’s -- and you are seeing that in their performance, too.
Scott Morrison: Well, we get more of the PPI in the back half of the year, and let’s face it, the Q4 comp was pretty easy for last year. So we should do meaningfully better than Q4 of last year, which was not very good. But I would say, we had a pretty good third quarter last year really in terms of performance in North America. So it’s definitely back half weighted with most of it in the fourth quarter.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. Europe is really -- we have got the headwind of Russia. So that was $32 million in the first quarter. It’s $40 million in the second quarter. It moderates to $14 million in the third quarter. So you have got those -- that headwind each of the next couple of quarters, second quarter being the largest headwind, because Russia performed really well last year in 2022. But all of the things that they have been doing from a cost standpoint, from a contract standpoint, from an inflation pass-through standpoint have been positive and they are seeing nice volume and we have got new plants coming up. So we feel really good about the European business for the full year.
Scott Morrison: And in fact, Kyle, today, we have one of the leading beverage innovation houses is actually visiting us here in Colorado today. So we are really excited to be working with them and all kinds of folks with new ideas and new beverage categories.
Scott Morrison: We probably had about $5 million of cost -- start-up cost in the first quarter. There will be more of that in the second quarter. But I was just looking last night actually at the start-up curve for each of those plants and it’s been phenomenally well executed. We are right on where we thought we would be and we are really happy with the performance and the execution of those projects.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. Now the second quarter EBITDA will be down and then it will accelerate in the back half of the year. And we explained both -- we got a $40 million drag from Russia. We are getting our inventories right in South America. So we will take absorption hits. We will have negative mix in the second quarter. In the second quarter, in North America, the plants will perform very well and we will make more money than we did last year, but we don’t have the PPA thing that we had in the first quarter. So I think I explained exactly how it should shake out.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. And then next year we are going to delever more. I think we can both delever and start buying back some stock next year. But sure in the higher interest rate environment, you probably want a little less debt. The world has started to stabilize, so that’s good. But I am a hell of a lot older than you Gabe, but these rates are still not that scary. I was around when we were doing 8%, 9% debt. So 6% debt is really not -- it’s something we have to deal with, but it’s not something that changes the direction or changes what we are doing.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. I think we got to manage both the supply side and the customer side from a working capital standpoint and we do that every day. And every new contract negotiation, those are key points. It’s not just about price and volume, terms matter and so we focus on that every day, and we have meetings on cash flow every month. So we are very keen and focused on it. But, yeah, in a higher interest rate environment, anything that has a time element of money is more expensive.
Scott Morrison: Okay. The game plan really for Europe this year is to be able on a euro basis to replace those Russian earnings that we had for nine months last year. So that -- if we can do that, that’s a hell of an accomplishment, because Russia was a very nice profitable business. And so if they can do that, I think, that’s victory. They have done a great job of managing their cost structure, managing their contracts, managing the supply chain and so we are really happy with the performance of the EMEA business.
Dan Fisher: Thanks, Scott. Given the economic environment and global dynamics impacting our world, it’s a great time for investors to get up to speed on Ball. Our significantly improved plan following a challenging 2022 is kicking in. We produce products that consumers use daily, we deliver unique technologies to analyze, observe and defend what we value most, and employee owners are showcasing incredible resiliency, while delivering earnings, free cash flow and high quality innovative solutions to our customers and consumers, and as leverage comes down and free cash flow expands, our return of value to shareholders will grow in 2024 and beyond. Thank you to everyone listening today. And with that, Tina, we are ready for questions.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Thanks, Ghansham. I guess, where we are at today, it’s been largely in line the first quarter and even what we are anticipating in the second quarter. Things that have moved around in regions have been largely related to customer mix. So the industry writ large -- is largely in line. There’s been movement in quarters, some have benefited, some haven’t. We have done a little better than the market in Europe, we were a little behind in South America and we were a little behind in North America. The benefits of what we saw in terms of the things within our control, we outperformed almost in every spin category, operational efficiency category. So that all helped us to effectively manage our earnings profile in the first quarter. We came into the year with a conservative view on things like promotional activity in the first half. We believe that you will see some benefits in the second half from that. But, again, we haven’t seen it and we are not counting on a lot of it. We put in place a very conservative volume plan at the outset of the year to underpin our earnings and our cash generation and that’s what our focus is. So we will continue to focus there. I don’t know if that helps you, but we are not seeing a lot of difference. We are seeing some movements and some share shifts by customer and by category. But it’s largely in line with what we anticipated heading into the year, at least for what we know in the first half. In the second half, I think this business, as you know, requires volume. We are a volume business. So we will need a little bit of that uptick in the second half of the year, but we got a lot of things breaking our way and the things that we can control that will enable us to hold the cash and hold the earnings profile here for the majority of the year.
Dan Fisher: Sure. Promotional activity is really a thing in North America specifically, given the pantry stuffing effects in the larger case packs. We are not seeing much of any right now. I think it’s reflected in the performance of our customers in terms of the revenue growth they are seeing and volume being flattish and so we are sort of tied to that volume being flattish component. Where you would -- the one thing that is clear in the last 12 months to 18 months is the folks that have taken less price versus inflation or have held pricing. They are the ones growing share. And as share becomes more important, which we believe as the year moves on, there will be an opportunity for folks. If they are more focused on share gain, then you will see more activity, and I would expect to see, given the performance of beer with large being down, they have more impetus in a need to push volume than what I am seeing out of the energy and the non-alcohol spaces. So I anticipate a little bit in the second half of the year across the Board, but I don’t anticipate much. And if there’s one area where you could see or anticipate some, it will probably be in the area of the alcohol categories, in beer specifically, because shares don’t make us down in that category.
Dan Fisher: Sure. Let me take the second part of the beer question first. As you know, George, you have been following us a long time. We have an overweight in beer and we love all our beer customers and we serve that market. So net-net-net and I know the specifics and I am not going to go into the specifics relative to customers. But I will tell you this, how you should look at Ball’s portfolio as it relates to beer is, we win when folks drink beer. And so if there’s a mix impact. We may have a -- we may have one customer that’s up, in a short period of time there may be a share shift, we pick up both sides of that equation generally. So what we are more interested in is the health of the entire category and we believe that beer is going to need to galvanize itself and push in the second half of the year. They are going to have to promote across the entirety of the industry.
Dan Fisher: In the category space, I don’t anticipate any significant wins or significant losses by category. What I -- in my prior answer to the prior question, I will reiterate. I think, there will be a share shift that happens in each category, depending on the approach that each brand owner takes and so folks that have decided to not pass on price increases aggressively, if you will, have done better on share gain over the last 12 months to 18 months. So if they have taken a posture where they are going to pass-through a portion, but not pass-through what everybody else in the category is Zoom, they are the ones that are winning share and so depending on what decision you are making within the category, I think it’s going to be a share shift within the category. I think every category is going to do well and some will do a little better than others, but it’s really going to be the customers that win within categories. That will be the determining factor on our volume versus our competitor’s volume.
Dan Fisher: Thank you. So aerospace, I think the way you think about aerospace is that, I wouldn’t do a run rate on sequential improvement, meaning quarter two being better than quarter one. But I would say the quarters year-over-year will be improved. There is real underlying improvement in performance. In the second half of last year we had some pretty significant supply chain disruption. So that has been fixed. And then what you saw in the first quarter was a really nice performance execution and a couple of nice breaks in terms of just efficiency gains and just a better run enterprise there in the first quarter. So I think that will continue to be a tailwind in each quarter. It just -- it won’t be sequential lifts, right, it will be dependent on the projects and the mix. But that business is poised to do have an exceptional year this year. And I will let Scott tackle the efficiency question.
Dan Fisher: I don’t know how quickly Leella can start drinking out of cans. That will help to answer the -- I think, the downtime question. But, in all seriousness, Scott laid it out really well. So in South America, you are entering in the off-peak season. So you typically do curtail. The balance of this comment about curtail there is curtailment and its maintenance. So it’s plant maintenance. So you are going to have that for certain. And then in North America, our plants performed extraordinarily well in Q1 and volumes were a little down versus our expectation. So we carried in a little bit more inventory in the second quarter and we are going to manage that, we are going to manage that tightly here for the balance of the year for cash-generative purposes. We have got a lot of flexibility in our lines, as you know. The curtailment question for us is harder to answer. Angela, I think you know this about us, because we have multiple can sizes on every line. There is one can size that certainly has excess capacity, writ large in the North and Central American market. We do have exposure to that, but it’s limited. And so the next question, I think, that you were leaning into is there, depending on what the brand is or the product is that’s innovating and that’s winning, we can flex to that, and we can turn that on. We are in a really healthy position in terms of safety stock and we are in a healthy position in terms of we are performing a heck of a lot better than we have in the last couple of years in running our business. So if things suddenly shift, we have got dry powder and we have got dry powder in a number of can sizes that gives us flexibility to move into whatever the winning product and whatever the winning brand is going to be. So I am not concerned about us stepping into upside. I -- and we are going to manage inventory positions and safety stock levels really with a lot of discipline here in the second quarter.
Dan Fisher: Our aerosol business is doing really well. We continue to win business. We continue to have nice volume growth. That business is seeing -- during COVID it was really impacted, I would say, volumes globally and we are seeing that really come back nicely. We are seeing -- and new products and innovation is driving a lot of that, both kind of in the typical aerosol personal care space, but also in the water space and the refill and reusable side. And in aerospace, I think, somebody mentioned, we had a choppy year last year. We had supply chain challenges that cost us money. And the business is performing exceptionally well. They are stepping into these newer contracts that we were confident would be good and they are good, and we will see the benefits of that for the full year. So we are really excited about those businesses.
Dan Fisher: Well, we are working -- in North America and in South America, we are working them down. So that’s why you see a big swing in payables. We are not ordering as much metal, both finished goods and coil, raw material. And so we have got another quarter of that to do in Q2 and then we think we will be in a much better position from an inventory standpoint. In Europe, it’s not -- we are turning on a couple of plants, so it’s a very different dynamic there. But in North America and South America, it’s about getting our inventories down.
Dan Fisher: In North America we are talking days of finished good inventory. But we -- a lot of this -- the raw material piece is still a bit of an overhang from last year, because we were bringing in a lot and anticipating growth at this time last year. So we have held on to larger raw material stores and we have been working that off. We are continuing to work that off. And the finished goods, it’s not significantly different than what we anticipated heading into the year. But a few days of additional curtailment is meaningful in a quarter and I think that’s what Scott’s signaling to you.
Dan Fisher: Sorry. Maybe -- one -- maybe this will help for further Q&A regarding that question. We didn’t last year either. So there was a 21 to 22 bridge at each quarter for that. But we have originated all that production last year and you won’t have any of that commentary. For North America specifically, we did have a little bit of Saudi into Europe last year and that’s now gone away and we have got origination production now in Europe.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I mean, absolutely, I mean, promotion works really well for us from a volume perspective. The degree to which the promotion is, I think, is the big question. And we are really not trying to avoid this question. But I think here’s the backdrop that we are facing relative to going into much detail or fully understanding the real impacts of what a promotion would look like and how it would react consistent with kind of historical norms. If you look at a 12-pack of CSD cans, three years ago it was about $4 on average, today it’s $8. So is $1 off going to move it? Is $2 off going to move it? So it’s not just promotion. It’s the elasticity in and around the price of the promotion that is very difficult for us to characterize and I think it’s difficult even for our customers probably to understand. So at this point, we need to plan to deliver cash and deliver earnings and the end consumer strength or weakness is also something that’s very difficult to understand right now just given the stimulus packages and higher interest rates and all of those things. It’s just -- it’s ambiguous and difficult to quantify right now. So we are running for cash and we are managing what’s in front of us and until something changes substantively, I think, that’s the best tone for our corporation and our employees to manage to.
Dan Fisher: You are correct. It will be up year-over-year, but flat with the first quarter. In terms of the virtual power purchase agreement and when we had our previous call, we were negotiating the settlement of it. So we weren’t really going to discuss it. Part of that was built into our first quarter numbers because we knew we were going to settle it, we just didn’t know what the amount would be and that amount would have run through our P&L over time and in last year. But the provider wanted to exit the contract and we were able to extract a very favorable outcome for us and all of that outcome hit us -- benefited us in the first quarter, but that will not repeat. We have entered into other virtual power purchase agreements to make up for the lost clean energy that we were buying and so we are in a pretty good spot.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. I would say in terms of filling out your model, I wouldn’t count on anything in 2023 relative to an uptick in fixed cost savings. We said we were entertaining closing it. I think we are committed to closing that facility now. That’s a subtle change. And the other thing is there’s just not a lot to talk about at this point, because we are entering into effects bargaining now. As we know more, we will update you. But you will see capacity coming out at some point this year and you will see that tailwind in 2024 is what I would anticipate, but I don’t know the specifics of it at this time.
Dan Fisher: In terms of the glass versus aluminum substrate penetration or shift that we have seen here in the last 12 months to 18 months, it’s in line with what’s happened historically. In a higher inflationary environment, you do see a return to returnable glass, somewhere in that 5% to 6%, 7% share shift. That’s what we saw last year. As Scott indicated in his comments at the outset, and I think, we characterized what we believe to in the second half, as inflation dissipates and some of the actual cost and hedge positions of our customers down in Brazil, allow them to step into what the true cost of aluminum are. We are anticipating a strong peak season that will show up in the second half of Q3 and Q4 for us. We are not hearing anything different. I will actually be down in South America next week. So I anticipate to hear more of the same. But that -- I don’t see it as a permanent shift, I guess, would be the answer if that’s the underlying question there.
Dan Fisher: I think both in that business and equally excellent job by our aerosol business, which has a significant present in Europe. So both of those businesses and both of those management teams have done an extraordinary job to work as partners with our customers to get to a good medium and longer term outcome as we manage through a very different energy and inflationary backdrop in Europe. So I think we have done the right thing by our customers and our teams have done the right thing by our stakeholders.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. You were a bit choppy there. But I think the question is kind of what’s the underlying demand profile or assumption built into our current North America projection. And you are correct, we believe it will be slightly down at this point as we look out over the course and the balance of the year, given really very little insight into the actual decision for process related to pricing and volume. It’s a volume business at the end of the day and we are going to need some. But the teams -- we are -- all of the cost actions we took, all of the fixed cost actions that we took as difficult as those were, all of those give us the ability to execute against our earnings and our cash profile more importantly based on kind of a flat to slightly down volume profile and that’s what we currently anticipate and that’s what’s in our model. Second half weighted in terms of things like the PPI pass-through mechanisms and even some additional cost savings that we anticipate in the second half of the year. But, yes, second half weighted plan, whether volume moves meaningfully off of our current run rate, that would be upside, correct, and we would -- yeah, we look forward to seeing that upside. We can step into it, as I commented earlier in the call on both safety stock and our operational and performance. So there’s room for upside, but we need to see that the end consumer health and pricing behavior will play a role and a significant role in that.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. We -- the only permanent closures we have had, we have announced. So we have got dry powder in that marketplace. Some of these assets are being contemplated to open back up depending on what happens in the market, as you indicated. There was share shift in Q1 and there was one -- one of our competitors benefited, because they had outweighted exposure to one of the beer brands there. A weaker beer customer or beer mix may shift around as it does from time to time. We believe that the customer relationships that we have, they are excited about the second half of the year more so for the cost shift and their hedges rolling off and us being able to step into our aluminum profile. But, yeah, it was a little choppier because of customer mix for us in the first quarter.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Thanks for the question -- I do. In fact, it’s probably a little softer than Q1, but that’s anticipated and we are managing against that. But, yeah, as we sit here today, there’s not a lot of movement by the customer base to shift what’s currently happening. April is usually not the month that you usually see activity. So you get to the second half of May and June, that becomes really important as you head in the peak season. But as we sit here today, I think, the way you characterize it is correct. It’s largely in line with Q1 and pockets depending on customer mix may be a bit softer.
Dan Fisher: No. I think it’s a great question and it is. We built our plan on it second half loaded because of everything that you just outlined and indicated. The conversations that we are having with our customers, I will be down there next week has all been. You should count on that. That’s what they are planning for. But plans aren’t absolute. So at this point, I haven’t heard anything, I don’t have any insight that would suggest anything other than what we have laid out, what we have characterized. But I think your point is valid, I mean, there’s certainly risk in a significantly elevated volume position. But our contracts also have backstop provisions in there that give us a little bit more teeth than maybe in years past.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. It’s -- right now, I would -- how we get there is slight declines in the first half and flattish in the back half.
Dan Fisher: I think there’s opportunity for more to have in the back half, but that’s not what’s built in our current plan.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. I think how you look at Europe is FX stabilized, inflation stabilized, big headwind first half of the year in terms of operating earnings from the divestment of Russia and then you step into the two new facilities in the second half of the year and we are still seeing growth in that business on improved contractual terms. So it will be continued improved performance once you step out of the second quarter with the drag from a $40 million Q2 in Russia.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Kyle, first of all, congratulations. A lot of the information we are getting on new product innovation is coming from Vane [ph], your new baby girl -- boy, sorry.
Dan Fisher: So, yeah, he -- I am sure what he’s going to be wanting is ready-to-drink cocktails and -- but nutritional energy drinks. In all seriousness, lots of innovation still happening and continuing to see share gains from our ready-to-drink cocktails. I think a couple of customers have really benefited in that space. And there’s almost a forcing mechanism here, like, if beer is declining, those alcohol companies or new beverage companies are going to have to step into things to sell and they are innovating at the fastest rate. And then we have seen some of the historical CSD companies that have introduced alcoholic beverage and they have really done well. So you will also see -- the other part of this is you are -- there’s a greater opening as the price increases have been the lever with which folks have pulled, our customers have pulled. It creates a disruptive space for innovation to come in. That’s always what we have seen and so it’s ripe for more innovation and more disruption and you are starting to see that. And now that we have cans available, cans will win and those tailwinds will manifest here more in the medium-term, but we are having all those conversations. So I think that will continue to be a benefit and a tailwind for the can. Still seeing new product introductions at those 70%-plus levels. So nothing’s changed in terms of that. The can continues to win. So we are excited about the future prospects and new product introductions.
Dan Fisher: I will leave it to Scott. I don’t think anything meaningful in the start-up cost. But they are right on track. The teams have done a great job. We have got sister plant concepts in terms of training. So we brought folks in. They are helping us out in the other local facilities. So they will be well trained and ready to step in on day one when we have production and operation.
Dan Fisher: And I think implied in that statement is, yeah, we recognize that we will be retiring cheaper debt than we would be stepping into…
Dan Fisher: Yeah. I think in the simplest terms, the plan that we have set out this year inclusive of Russia, would be we are going to make significantly more money on less volume and we are going to generate more cash and a lot of that is coming from Europe’s ability to offset the $80 plus million of comparable operating earnings in Europe. So they have got a significant plan for improvement and they are off to a good start executing against that. And they have been the business that has done -- they have done extraordinarily well here since we acquired that business from Rexam. They have continued to deliver against plan and the only time I think we didn’t was when we had a global pandemic. So we are feeling pretty confident in that team’s ability to deliver.
Dan Fisher: Thank you. And I think, with that, we look forward to talking to you here in another quarter. Thanks for everybody’s attention and participation today on the call.
