Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. Comparable third quarter 2019 diluted earnings per share were $0.70 versus $0.56 in the third quarter of 2018. Details are provided in the Notes section of today's earnings release and additional information will also be provided in our 10-Q. Third quarter comparable diluted earnings per share reflects strong global beverage can shipments, very solid aerospace performance, a lower effective tax rate and lower corporate costs offset by the sale of our U.S. steel food and aerosol business, euro earnings translation headwinds and lower year-over-year and sales performance in South America and U.S. cost that Dan just outlined. In addition, global beverage revenues reflect a 6% unfavorable impact from the pass-through of lower cost aluminum. Net debt ended the quarter at $6.5 billion and reflects our typical seasonal working capital build and ongoing share buyback. We continue to anticipate year end 2019 net debt to remain around $6 billion as we buy back stock, invest in our businesses and pay dividends. Close to 90% of Ball's balance sheet debt is at fixed rates and we've reached our target leverage levels. Ball's balance sheet is healthy and provides ample opportunity and flexibility to service growth and shareholder value return needs. As we close out 2019 and prepare for 2020, our comparable EBITDA we'll exit this year in essentially a $2 billion run rate. In the quarter, we made an incremental $75 million contribution to our pension plans that along with higher than initially anticipated CapEx spend to support our growth, we see, that we see 2019 free cash flow is now being in the range of $900 million. Full year interest expense will be a little more than $310 million and the full-year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will be in the range of 18% to 19%, and corporate undistributed will likely run just under $60 million representing benefits from strong overall cost management, some favorable FX impacts and true ups for various benefit and compensation plans in the quarter. Through today, we have executed nearly $800 million of net share repurchases and paid out approximately $130 million of dividends. We will continue to flow meaningful amounts of free cash flow, we have great opportunities to invest in cans, cups and aerospace, which will require more capital than we thought a year ago. Like always, we will invest capital with an eye on EVA returns, managing our balance sheet effectively and consistently repurchasing stock and paying dividends for the benefit of our long-term shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott Morrison: And on the working capital front, George the pension is part of it, but the biggest part year-over-year was the impact of the sale of the tinplate business last year, where we essentially collected all of that working capital when that business was sold. So that's the biggest difference.
Scott Morrison: Sure. Well, I think its probably helpful when we put those numbers out there 2016, the world has changed a lot. It's actually going to be exiting this year, about a $2 billion run rate, if you look at what will generate go back half of the year. But you look since 2016 we had the sale of the tinplate food business and now China, we have the class of the Egyptian economy, a few years ago. Global FX volatility, so we're pretty happy where we're at. We've had scrap issues this year and more start-up costs. I think we've talked about the scrap issues getting fixed in new contracts. as we enter 2020 and new volume. And so I see nice growth ahead. I think we're at a point here where some of the headwinds that we've had are going to get behind us and as our plan start to run better we start to sell more put more of this capacity in. We are going to like the results of that. So I see a nice improvement next year from earnings and cash flow standpoint, earnings standpoint.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I think CapEx will be over $600 million, that's why, that's in part why the free cash flow numbers coming down. And then working capital will be a slight, it will be close to a push, but maybe a slight use of working capital, by the end of the year.
Scott Morrison: That was around year-to-year, but that was really just incremental to what our initial plans what had been laid out in January, but in total will fund like $150 million full year.
Scott Morrison: Yes, this is Scott. I would just look at it, it's a different bucket. So we have some in efficiency, but there's also some start-up cost. Start-up costs are necessarily going to go away because we are going to start some new plants next year too. So that's around. The inefficiencies in the system out of pattern freight, those kinds of things, not having the right inventory in the right places, those kind of things we think we can get ahead of as we get into next year. But the start-up costs we'll continue to highlight start-up costs as we go forward, because I think it will become, it will have it as we build these new plants.
Scott Morrison: This is Scott. Just to clarify Adam's question before on the start-up cost and inefficiencies if you think about it, we've got like $50 million this year in North America on the scrap. $40 million to $50 million in scrap and another $40 million in manufacturing efficiencies. A good chunk of the scrap will go, most of that scrap will go away. And then, a good chunk of those manufacturing inefficiencies should reduce next year. Just to clarify.
Scott Morrison: So our tax rate, I mean I said for this year it should be between 18% and 19%. We don't see a meaningful difference as we start to look at next year.
Scott Morrison: I mean, I think we'll have, we'll continue to have capital spend in excess of $600 million for the next couple of years. So I think we're going to have elevated capital. We've gotten a lot of benefits out of working capital in the last couple of years, that's kind of run its course. I don't see that continuing. So I think there'll be a little bit more pressure. But I think also the earnings are going to tick up nicely. So it's a little too early to give you specifics, but I think big picture that's the direction.
Scott Morrison: No, the Brexit we don't really think as much of an impact unless they completely changed rates later on, but we're not expecting Brexit to have any particular impact from a tax perspective. On the working capital front, we've been really good at getting a lot of money out of the working capital last several of years and I mentioned I think we've kind of done with that. But as the supply chain gets more complicated in terms of the number of other programs that we have around the world as the business grows, I could see some growth in working capital, but not appreciably at this point.
John Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. In our aluminum aerosol business, global volumes grew nearly 4% in the quarter. We continue to see opportunities to broaden our product and customer portfolio and global footprint through either bolt-on, M&A or Greenfield investment. We look forward to being able to discuss additional innovation and sustainability initiatives as we move forward. As mentioned, our aerospace business reported 30% revenue growth and 35% operating earnings growth on solid contract performance, partially offset by incremental labor costs. Year-to-date through nine months, we've welcome 840 new aerospace employees and we anticipate by year-end total aerospace headcount will increase by 1,000 employees. On boarding new employees, providing mentors, further expanding of our Colorado facilities, whether it'd be offices, manufacturing, test and clean room space and executing on our strong backlog continue to be the main focus. Looking forward, the program as recently won are vital to the intelligence for connascence and surveillance as well as the climate change and weather prediction needs of our country. These projects provide valuable challenging work for our incredibly talented employee base over the next few years, where we should be able to grow profitability in excess of 15% per year during that time. In addition, there are either, even greater future program opportunities that we are pursuing that would position us even more nicely, if we are able to secure them. Our long-term prospects have never been brighter. Ball is uniquely positioned to lead and invest in sustainable growth in global aluminum packaging and aerospace, while delivering significant value to our shareholders. We look forward to driving our business to meet or exceed our long-term diluted earnings per share and EVA dollar growth goals. Have you've heard, as you've heard me say before, our ability to succeed is because of our people, our culture, our EVA mindset, a healthy balance sheet and exceptional product and technologies. We will continue to responsibly invest do what is best for Ball and our shareholders' long-term success. And with that Malika, we're ready for questions.
John Hayes: Yes, I think more of its just relative to the investments that we're contemplating and suggesting. I think, this is, we can do some things, certainly in a lot of our facilities to increase efficiencies, but to get in the neighborhood of 5 billion additional cans, is going to come from new capital overwhelmingly.
John Hayes: Yes, Brian, this is John just put a finer point on the first part of Dan's answer, I'm looking at some market data here in every category the can is up. CSD its up, big beer it's up, energy it's up, water it's up, craft it's up, wine it's up, FAB is up and so we're seeing a broad based across the board migration and that's why we're excited about where we are right now.
John Hayes: We, it's tense here that 2019 question first. As you know anything north of equator is a seasonally slow quarter. So we got to put that in context. And what we're doing is actually using this opportunity. Dan mentioned it in his prepared remarks, that because it is a seasonally slower we are using that trying to kind of rebuild our inventories. We knew going into the third quarter that we were already low on inventory. And so you, my point is, you can only sell what you actually have on the floor or can make. And so as we go into 2019, we don't see any appreciable differences in the fourth quarter in terms of the growth rates that we've been seeing. And as we go into 2019, I think growth is just a function of how many cans we're able to make. And as Dan had mentioned, we're trying to keep up as much as we can. But this kind of caught us off guard to the upside. And I think if there is any, if we're able to get our manufacturing efficiencies back to where we are, that's where a lot of focus is going on right now. I think the growth rates that you've seen in 2019 are going to be the same in 2020 with a bias to the upside if we have the cans to sell.
John Hayes: Yes, I think, first on the return side. This is, as you know, this is a proprietary technology, and we expect this to be among the higher return projects that we have on our plate right now. Obviously, it's as much about the ramp-up of that and given its a new product that we're trying to be as balanced and realistic as possible in terms of the learning curve and ramp up, and so that's why Dan had mentioned earlier that there's really two end markets, is going to be servicing number one on the food service side, which is the big venues on-premise, think of it that way. And then the second one is retail. I think it's probably premature to talk about what this specific learning curve will be. But I would not expect as we sit here right now it to be to appreciably different than say specialty can line but we'll update people more as we get into this because, we're making it as you know in our test lab right now and we have designed and we are starting to execute on the building of a full-scale facility.
John Hayes: No, it will maybe, but not in this case. Number one, this is priced at the economics of a compostable cup, number one. Number two, it has built more so they, our customers, meaning the venues can sell sponsorship on that. So it's a net revenue generated for them in all of our experience to date where it has been in market. They have been extremely happy with that. The demand for spend is extremely strong, and I stand by my words I said earlier, from a return project perspective for Ball Corporation that will be among the better return projects that we have on our plate right now.
John Hayes: Europe was up for the quarter up 4%. No, I think in terms of your, I'm not sure where the 7% came from.
John Hayes: Yes. In the volume growth, we're spending this capital to actually get out ahead because we don't have, we don't, the inefficiencies are created by this volume growth. So it's, in some ways it's embedded. It's actually servicing this volume growth at a much more efficient way. I think that's what Dan was saying a minute ago.
John Hayes: This is John. Let me take it. We think about this in the long-term, and our job is pretty straightforward, it's to generate as much operating cash flow as possible, and then invest it where we think the greatest returns are that could be in CapEx, in any one of our businesses or and/or it also can be giving it back to our shareholders. And there's always a balance between all those various things, because you want to make sure that you're investing for growth, while at the same time you're giving back to your shareholders and we tend to do both of that. So we're talking on the margin here. I think in terms of our CapEx, we see in all of our businesses on the aluminum side as well as aerospace side, we see great growth opportunities and we've mentioned many of those things already, whether it's the Glendale facility, whether it's continue speed ups, Dan had mentioned in his prepared remarks in Russia that we're looking to make investments. Whether it's on the cup side and building the new Rome facilities as well as spending $100 million or so on the Colorado campus for the aerospace. So once after all that, then we take the free cash flow there and give it back to our shareholders in terms of dividends and share repurchases. And so it's of right now as we sit here today, I think we have a little bit more as Scott said, elevated CapEx because of all these growth opportunities, but rest assured, that we're going to be giving back all the capital after these CapEx projects back to our shareholders.
John Hayes: Well, as you know aluminum has scrap value. So by definition, they are going to be recycled. But one of the beauties of out of the on-premise experiences, there are receptacles right there. So your point that they actually control. So it's not like going to a gas station buying a container and then you don't know where it goes. It is very contained. And so, as part of the rollout, whether it's at the College, Universities we've done so far, or the NBA, the NHL that we've done so far, they have very, its part of the whole rollout, they have worked with their waste management companies to make sure that they're capturing the value of the aluminum that is being recycled, because effectively unless people are taking those cups home, they are going to be recycled on, they are going to be collected on-premise there and so they can capture it in a much more efficient way.
John Hayes: Yes, this is John. I'll take that. I think the vast majority of that was related to the end sales. Remember, it wasn't only just end sales in the economics around that there were some also some accounting adjustments related to the amortization of those end sales. So I think between the two, I don't have the number of top of my head, but it was a far and with the vast majority of it. I think as we go forward, now that it's more at a steady state baseline particularly going into the fourth quarter, you're going to see it's going to be a function of the volume growth and the regional volume growth, whether it's in Brazil, Paraguay, Chile, Argentina and the pricing and mix thereof.
John Hayes: Good question and I would say probably in the 4% to 5% to 6% range that we're seeing, and it really depends so much upon mix George, because we also specialty is just a different, there's 30 plus different sizes in specialty. So 12 sleek, 16 ounce, 24 ounce for a very strong this year, we expect them to be next year, but with the new emerging categories about water and other things it very normally be a different type also. So it is a function of mix. Whether we are at the upper end or the lower end.
John Hayes: Yeah, it's a great question. Let me start by saying we're actually working more than we ever have across as one Ball. In the aerospace side, as you know, 50% of the people at Ball, in the aerospace business weren't here two years ago. And so we talked earlier in our prepared remarks, a lot about training and development but also about mentoring and instilling the Ball culture. We're taking that mindset that we've done over the last couple of years in aerospace and bringing into the beverage can side. So we are in a much more proactive way then, we have, bringing people on earlier. So one of the lessons learned in terms of Goodyear, for example, is it, we cannot think about bringing people on three, four months ahead of time and no, think that they're going to be able to manage as complexity. So we're looking at six, bringing them six to nine months in and using a plan concept from a mentoring perspective. And really using that as the opportunity to instill the values that we, values and skill sets that we think are critical to the future.
John Hayes: Okay. Malika. Well, thank you very much. We thank you all for your participation and we look forward to a very healthy fourth quarter and a good start to 2020. Thank you.
George Staphos: I just want to get to the growth that you're seeing and the line speed of activity that you're seeing relative to what you were talking about last quarter. And this is before the new plant in Glendale and the potential plant in the Northeast. I think you said last quarter that you were looking at an additional 4 billion to 5 billion cans by mid '21.  And if I read or heard correctly it's now in excess of 5 billion in 12 to 18 months, which would suggest that you're ahead of schedule in numbers and also in terms of timing. Is that correct or am I missing something there and where are you finding that incremental capacity relatedly, the new plant in Glendale, the one you're looking at, perhaps in the Northeast. Can you comment to the extent possible, how much of that volume might be committed to already or it would be presumably committed to with an existing customer or to contracted such it's not spot capacity in the market, and how you're using that leverage in commercial opportunities? And I had a couple of follow ons. Thanks.
George Staphos: Okay. My two last follow-ons. I'll ask them in sequence and turn it over. I know you have a lot of other questions. Can you comment at all in terms of what market data, what consumer reaction, what your customers are saying about the aluminum cup? And what's seemingly viable enough, sufficiently viable for you to build a new plant in Rome and Georgia. How does consumer see it? And then there was a fairly big swing in working capital quarter-on-quarter, on a year-on-year basis. I'm assuming some of that's the pension funding, but if you could provide a bit more detail there Scott, I'd appreciate it. Thank you.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Two quick questions from me. The first one, I just, I missed the point you're making about rebuilding inventories when you're going to, given the opportunities from a seasonal standpoint. You were commenting about South America, who are obviously going into a busier period now, and I just wasn't clear where that was going. And then I had a follow-on. If you could provide a bit more detail on that, I'd appreciate it.
George Staphos: My last quick one. I'll turn it over. I recall from last quarter's call, the 4.5 billion to 5 billion, 5 billion plus did not include anything appreciable for water, still water conversion. Is that a correct recollection and given some of the projects that you've now announced today, do you expect that that will change and still water actually could be an appreciable amount of your new capacity and new volume going forward. Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Daniel Fisher: Sure. George, I guess relative to the Northeast, we're in the final legs of contract negotiations. We don't regularly talk about customer negotiations but safe to say we wouldn't be contemplating a Greenfield facility if we didn't have line of sight into a large portion of that volume, and that would also, we're also contemplating a scalable facility as well there, much like what we've indicated in the comments here relative to Glendale. And your 5 billion, 5 billion plus excess comment I'd say yes, I think we see line of sight into growth rates and capacity expansion that would get in excess of 5 billion and a lot of it just simply has to do with the growth rates that continue to kind of outpace candidly our expectation, specifically on the specialty can growth side.
Daniel Fisher: And George I'd just add on to that, there is a lot of speed ups that we do in our existing facilities. So we don't regularly talk about, that's also included as well and so we're debottlenecking every conceivable line in our system.
Daniel Fisher: Yes, on the cup side, George, I would say there is definitely line of sight into kind of on-premise large venues, concerts, the cups already, as you probably are well aware in NHL, NBA, NFL, the news concert venues on college campuses, so that customer base is a handful of really large customers that manage tens of thousands of venues, and we're having very productive conversations there for this product, and I think John as probably alluded to this at times. For this to be a much bigger business then you're going down the retail avenue and we're starting conversations there. Those are early innings there but we feel really good about the amount of capital we put in place in Rome and the customer activity in the fact that we're going to have a pretty full line and pretty short order.
Daniel Fisher: I'd say, on the trials and cans and I think we've commented on this a couple of times, probably over the last three or four quarters. The one metric that really lends itself to more products and more categories moving into cans is new product introductions and the new product introduction number in North America from a substrate composition, was cans historically new products would come out about 35% to 40% of the time in cans and in the last quarter were north of 70%. We are having conversations with more brand teams and more marketing teams, about moving more product in a bigger way in the cans. Now, they're not 100% in plastic or 100% in a substrate, but we're seeing more and more appetite to move product into cans with some of the larger CPG customers. On the still water front, we're seeing a lot of aggressive product launches by a number of emerging brands, in the still water space. And I would say that will be the catalyst for more of the larger folks to move, they will force the move of the larger CPG companies. We're having some intensified conversations in Europe, probably even more so now than North America but continued to see an awful lot of still water brands, emerging brands coming out and they are coming out in all different shapes of cans and bottles because it's such a disruptive space right now. But a lot of momentum there is still small volumes, but I would see that momentum continuing to build.
Daniel Fisher: We will, we are continuing to adjust contracts to try to buy a little bit more level load, little bit more disciplined from the customer in terms of last minute requirements, last minute orders. Requirement contracts are starting to become a thing of the past. We need all of those to kick-in and unfortunately, it will take us a handful of years to get all of that in sync. And yes, we are definitely having conversations more a kin to kind of take-or-pay with our customers, which is a massive step change from even two years ago. So all of that's in the fall, but the reality is, those are getting us incremental benefits and with growth especially on the specialty side of 10% plus, we just need to get some significant capacity put in place here over the next 12 to 24 months before we can really get kind of the breathing room we need to operate efficiently.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. I would say, I don't expect it to linger moving forward. The low inventory levels that we entered into Q3, were largely in and around the growth categories. The higher margin categories in the specialty cans, and we just didn't produce at the rates that we hope we were anticipating. Those inefficiencies, I think Scott's commented on and I've comment on John's comment that's the combination of the inefficiencies the facilities translate into adverse customer mix versus what we anticipated.
Daniel Fisher: Sure. I think $11 million, $10 million to $11 million on the scrap in the quarter and that's level loaded throughout the balance of the year. So it will be in the area of $40 million when we exit 2019. Manufacturing inefficiencies in North America alone were probably in the neighborhood of $20 million. Then we talked about the South America ends that contract running out of approximately $5 million and then net, net, net $7 million from FX in the quarter.
Daniel Fisher: The scraps $40 million, I was, $40 million for the year, but the $20 million for North America inefficiencies was a quarter number. It's a bridge for the $40 million that we discussed, so the start-up costs with Paraguay and some other things related to Goodyear plus the inefficiencies, it's probably closer to the $40 million to $50 million number.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. I would also suggest that going forward, it's start-up costs will continue as we put new facilities in place. So I don't necessarily think those are one-time in the balance of year-on-year.
Daniel Fisher: No, I think it's still consistent with what we've said over the last couple of earnings calls. It's still in the neighborhood of 20% year-on-year.
Daniel Fisher: That is correct. It's, we break it out in two. The contracted backlog is money good as I like to describe it, because it's contracted. And then the won not book is we have won programs, but they have, we haven't signed the contract yet. In total, you're absolutely right, it's about $7 billion. That number quarter-over-quarter really hasn't changed all of that much in total. The difference is the funded backlog. The money good is actually up a little bit and the one not booked is down just a little bit only because we didn't, there weren't any big contracts that we were awarded in the third quarter, but yet some of the ones that we were awarded previously we have now signed the contracts.
Daniel Fisher: Not right now. We're still transitioning from pilot to a fully engineered plant, but you could say it's probably close to a standard, output for a standard line. Maybe a little less. The 93 billion units is the total global. Non-reusable cup volume and a third of that is in the domestic U.S. and that's primarily our focus right now. Then one clarifying comment is on specialty growth in Europe, it was 15% plus in the quarter.
Daniel Fisher: So on the scrap it is yes. Overwhelmingly, it'll be contractually fixed starting in 2020 and then moving forward. And then the inefficiencies are simply I think as we've indicated previously Goodyear is probably about six months behind where we thought in terms of the ramp-up curve, that coupled with kind of unplanned double-digit growth on specialty, can we lost basically five to six month of peak season, created more turnover, more label changes, inventory in the wrong spots and we think that where we're running right now in Goodyear and the investments, we're putting in place we will be able to better manage our portfolio in our network going into next year. So, those inefficiencies will subside.
Daniel Fisher: And there are real, in Scott comment on this and I attempted to cover, there are real start-up costs associated with building new facilities, hiring people in advance of actually putting a bit of work on commercialized products. Those costs as we lay and more new lines and we build Greenfield facilities, I'm not sure the growth will offset all of those start-up costs we're going through our strategic planning period right now, we will know more over the next 90 days. But given the size and scale of the investments we're making, those start-up cost could very well be bigger going forward in the next couple of years at least. And I think that's what Scott was alluding to, that what we experienced this year, just with the magnitude of the capital investment.
Daniel Fisher: In the last nine weeks, we've seen, it return to our expected or planned efficiency levels. So I think heading into the fourth quarter of 2020 we're in a good spot.
Daniel Fisher: Correct. So I would say the announcements we made in the previous earnings call in, so you're seeing great growth in Brazil, continued substrate penetration there. There is probably in the neighborhood of 20% of that number would be coming from there. 60% of it will be coming from North America and the other 30% is going to come from Europe.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. It's a great question. I think they have threatened that, a myriad of times and they've even had press releases over the last four, three to four years, saying they were going to do that. Early stages, I don't think it's going to be a large-scale facility, based on what we know. But the biggest issue for that particular customer is they have a dominant returnable glass position in that country, and they are moving appreciably toward cans. And I think it's in a surety of supply play more than anything, just making sure that they can continue to move at the pace they need to in cans, and so I think it's early innings here and we'll see how it plays out with that particular customer in the marketplace.
Daniel Fisher: Your recollection is correct, not a lot built in there, some, but not a lot. It's still over the next two to three years, it could be wrong, but it doesn't. We're not planning on an appreciable move in still water. We're definitely looking at a number of different customers and different can sizes but for it to be appreciable we will probably announce that along with a facility expansion.
