Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. As John mentioned, third quarter 2021 diluted earnings per share were $0.94 versus $0.89 in 2020, an increase of 6%. Comparable year-to-date 2021 diluted earnings per share up 17%. Third quarter sales were up due to the pass-through of higher aluminum prices, higher sales volumes and improved mix. Comparable third quarter diluted earnings per share reflects strong results in EMEA, South America aerospace and aluminum aerosol, and a lower effective tax rate related to higher R&D tax credits offset by lower North American beverage operating earnings, previously discussed higher year-over-year corporate, labor and start-up costs to support business growth and marketing costs to drive the aluminum cup launch. Ball's balance sheet is very healthy and with ample liquidity and flexibility. During the quarter, we completed a successful $850 million bond offering at three 1/8%. Proceeds will support general corporate purposes. And in late October, we used the proceeds to redeem the bonds that were due in March of 2022. In addition, we completed the purchase of group annuity contracts and lump sum payments for certain US pension benefit obligations. Assets totaling $325 million were transferred to an insurance company during the quarter. The purchases triggered non-cash settlement losses of $130 million recorded in business consolidation and other activities. Year-to-date, Ball has contributed approximately $200 million to its remaining pension plans. As we sit here today, some key additional metrics to keep in mind for 2021. Our full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will now be in the range of 15%. Full year interest expense will be in the range of $270 million and full year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable are now expected to be in the range of $80 million to reflect lower benefit accruals. We continue to see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 2025. Our 2021 cash from operations will grow in line with the earnings trajectory and be aided by a source in working capital. We expect 2021 total CapEx to exceed $1.5 billion and returns on capital beyond our 9% after-tax hurdle rate will flow through as new project -- new growth capital projects become operational later in the year and in the years to come. Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash as fellow owners and through the lens of EVA discipline, we will prudently balance growth opportunities with consistent return of value to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. As John mentioned earlier, we'll return approximately $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks in 2021 and we intend to double that total return in 2022. With that, I'll turn it back to you John.
Scott Morrison: Yes. George and inflation impacts in the third quarter in North America alone think in the range of $25 million to $30 million. And there's probably another $10 million of inefficiencies where customers are out of CO2, so they can't run their operations. They don't have labor to run their operations, dunnage shortages things like that that impacted us negatively to the tune of roughly 10 -- probably $10 million-plus in the quarter.
Scott Morrison: And the only thing -- other thing, I'd add as well is when you think about all the substrates in beverage packaging whether it's plastic glass, aluminum cans the raw underlying costs are all tied in one way shape or form to energy. And so they all over time have a correlation that's relatively consistent. And I think it's -- I think sometimes we all collectively forget that about a little bit.
Scott Morrison: Yeah, there is something wonky. We did a bond offering during the quarter, and then we redeemed notes after the end of the quarter. So that's why the cash balance was so high. It will normalize by the end of the year. It's normalized as of today. We paid off those bonds a couple of weeks ago.
Scott Morrison: Yes, I'll take the first part. The sale of the Korean JV that it was -- it wasn't really a strategic place for us to be. Our global customers it's not a critical place for us to operate. And for us the best solution -- and frankly, it was marginally profitable. So, frankly, the best solution was to get our capital off the table and do other things with it that we can earn better returns on. I'll turn it to John--
Scott Morrison: Look I think start-up costs would be in the same range because we're still starting up a lot of assets next year. It could come down a little bit. But we'll have the benefit of -- we're exiting this year with 12 billion more units to sell next year. So I think that will -- we'll have a nice lift in profitability because of the investments that we're making today that will more than offset the start-up costs next year.
Scott Morrison: No I think we have got good mechanisms as we talked about to offset all of that next year. What John was talking about in our commercial strategy is we need mechanisms that react quicker to be able to offset it when we have these big spikes.
John Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. In summary, our Drive for 10 vision continues to serve as our guide. We know who we are, we know where we're going and we know what's important. Following our strong year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of the year, we are positioned to exceed our comparable diluted earnings per share long-term goal of 10% to 15% and achieve our EVA dollar growth goals of 4% to 8% per year in 2021 and beyond. While we and the rest of the manufacturing world face inflation and supply chain headwinds in the near-term that are reminiscent of the 1970s, we are confident that we will get through it. You've heard from us that the sustainable growth trajectory of our business continues. And as we sit here today, we continue to believe we are on the front end of a decadal shift that will favor our packages. The key to our success is to just be Ball, be close to our customers, focus on attention to detail, and act like true owners of the business. If we do this, we will generate significant earnings cash, EVA, and return even more value to our shareholders, all while helping to make our world more sustainable. In preparation for 2022, we intend to host our biennial Investor Day activities on September 21st and 22nd in Colorado and thank you for investing in Ball. And with that, Dina ,we're ready for questions.
John Hayes: Yes. Happy to answer that George. And as I said in my prepared remarks this inflation we've seen we really haven't seen this from the 1970s. And as you know because you've been around a long time, we have various cost pass-through provisions in our contracts. In this such steep inflationary, they're lagging behind. And so I'll let -- I'll turn it over to Scott in a minute and he can talk about numbers. But -- and every customer is different. I would try and probably bucket it in three different ways. We have -- number one, we have some longer-term contracts where we have PPI and other provisions, but it's a lag. And so, we're in discussions with our partners about investing in the future as part of that because we need to be recovering those if we're going to be able to invest going forward. The others, we have some contracts coming up and we've already baked that in and priced that into those discussions that we've been having. And then we have some open contracts that we will be pricing it in. Every customer is a bit different, but this is -- we need to make sure that we are adequately capturing during all the costs in a timely way because we do believe over time we would get it. And if the hardship clauses and other things begin to abate, we're happy to talk to other customers about making sure that they participate in that as well. So, maybe what I'll do is quickly turn it over to Scott, he can talk about the specific numbers.
John Hayes: George, it's -- this whole larger topic it's -- the consumer realizes that plastic is polluting our planet. Full stop. We recognize that many of our customers have deep profit pools that are filled with plastic and we don't anticipate that they're going to do a wholesale shift from aluminum -- from plastic to aluminum. But let me just -- I'll pick on Europe right now. In 2019, the total package share of cans was 27%. 2021 it's 31%. That's a four percentage point change. CSD went from 16% can penetration to 19% in 2021. Beer went from 35% to 37%. Energy went from 69% to 76%. That's just in Europe. The same thing is going on here in North America. And so if you really want to talk about the circularity and the circular economy plastic is not the solution to that. We recognize that there are certain instances where plastic may make more sense. But in a wholesale way the train is already leaving and that's why we said that we really do believe this is a decadal shift and you're going to see more and more going into this. You see in the existing infrastructure bill there is discussion about infrastructure investments in the recycling side. You talk about plastic taxes that are on current bills on the floor right now. This is not leaving, this whole extended producer responsibility is going to become more and more important. Even in this quarter alone, Maine introduced an extended producer responsibility for responsibility law for plastic because they recognize that it's polluting the planet. This is only going to accelerate and we have a solution.
John Hayes: Yes. And even to my comments, Ghansham, on the commercial cost recovery plans, we're doing that in Europe. And so we expect to see good profitability growth in 2022. It's -- now I will caution that it's early November 2021 right now. So we still have a lot of work to do and some go get, but that's our expectation.
John Hayes: No, this -- I mean, I think, my prepared comments speak for themselves. I think this was a big accelerant during the third quarter and it is faster. And we've had to choke down some of those things. And so we're just working with our customers as partners saying we got to share in this going forward. But I don't believe it's structural. And as I said, to the extent they come back down, we'll work with our customers to make sure that they benefit from that as well. It's just we should not be the toggle in the whole supply chain switch here. That's the main point.
John Hayes: No. Some of them -- what's happened a couple of years ago in some of the contracts particularly in the ones that we acquired through the acquisition didn't even have inflation pass-throughs. And so we've certainly adjusted that. I think what Dan just said is completely correct. It's really just the timing effect here. But again as I said earlier, we should not be the toggle in all this. And I think it's important that that's what we're focused on with our customers.
John Hayes: I will stand by that we feel very bullish with all the investments we're making that we will be able to meet or exceed our 10% to 15% long-term earnings per share goals as well as our 4% to 8% EVA growth.
John Hayes: Yes. And I think when I think through it I specifically think about the driver shortages -- and even in Russia. And CO2 there are CO2 issues in the UK where many of our customers were down for several weeks if not longer on that. So, I think it was largely -- every country was a bit different. There are slight issues in Germany from a freight perspective trucker perspective. But I immediately think of the U.K. and Russia.
John Hayes: Yes. On the strategic front, it's -- while we're always looking, it's not the highest priority for us right now. And we've been looking -- we always look in all of our different businesses for opportunities, but to your point, it's well taken. We have more opportunities, internal opportunities for growth than I've seen in my 23 years at Ball Corporation. And we think that we're -- for the foreseeable future, we're going to continue to see that. Will there be an opportunity that pops up, kind of, like what happened in aluminum aerosol last year in Brazil? Yeah, there could be things like that. But I don't think it's anything that would stretch our balance sheet materially.
John Hayes: Absolutely. As we look to 2022 we get excited about it. It's just we -- this inflation came so quickly that the mechanisms were in place and that's what we've been talking about and that's what we are talking about with our customers. But that 2:1 ratio you're talking about we fully agree with that.
John Hayes: Well, it's interesting. It really is the whole supply chain. When you think about ocean port delays with raw materials on it then you think about once it gets to the port after sitting on the ocean for months then you got driver shortages. And then you -- as we talked before you some of our customers experienced CO2 issues and others are having labor issues in their own filling breweries. As a result of that -- and then combine our low inventories and what we have to do is play a bit of whack-a-mole. That's what 2021 has been around. To Stan's point earlier about being deliberate and intentional about building inventory so we have sufficient safety stock to eliminate that variability that's the key thing we're focused on in 2022.
John Hayes: Well, there are several things. There are some of those longer contracts that haven't – but those are largely over. Really what it has to do with is in some of our supply contracts there's hardship clause that have – if petrochemicals go up more than a certain percent that they have the right to surcharge. And we have the right to move that on to our customers but it's only on a yearly basis. And what we're talking about doing it more quickly because all this – a lot of this happened in the third quarter. It happened this summer and it was the most acute. It's been in 40 or 50 years. And so again, I want to reiterate, this is not a function of can we get it back, it's a function of the timing of when we get it back. And that's what we're talking about.
John Hayes: Yes. Yes. Every customer and every contract is a bit different, so I'm not going to go into specific customer by customer. But many of our customers are partners. And as we invest with them longer term, you work as partnerships and say help us out in the short term and we can help you out in the long term because they need can.
John Hayes: Well, it's interesting because then you got to start thinking about imports and all these other things. And as we said before, we think imports – if you annualize what's happened after the last three quarters, we think the imports will be around 16 billion in North America alone. Now that would have never been captured in CMI data anyway. And so I think when you think about that and you think about the context of what – we had a 1% – we've actually had 7% growth year-to-date in North America. I can't tell you off the top of my head what our competitors have had. But you can layer all that in and you can very quickly see that this growth is stronger than any given quarter. And Dan said, it best it's not going to be linear every quarter.
John Hayes: And Mark to your point about the growth, you're absolutely right. It does reinforce the need for recycling, and a couple of things. I just -- I'll remind people that while the recycling rate in the United States is the lowest in the world, it's still 8x to 10x of any other substrate in any meaningful way. So it's important to note that and 70-plus percent of all the aluminum in a can is recycled content currently. I think the recycling is a very complicated issue, but there's three things. You got to focus on the infrastructure, you got to focus on the collection, and then you got to focus on the producer responsibility. With the infrastructure in the existing bills that are being brand about in Washington D.C. today, there are money set aside, to help the local municipalities, reinvest on the infrastructure of recycling. And so we're very hopeful that that will get through, because that will provide the necessary means for these municipalities that have to focus on health care, and schools, and roads, and sewers, and everything else provide them the necessary means to recapitalize the recycling infrastructure that hasn't been recapitalized since the 1960s. Then it gets to the collection side. And we can have debates about curbside collection versus deposits. But if you get the infrastructure in place then you got to get the collection. And we do a very poor job across the United States in collection. And at the same time, then it gets to who's going to pay for all this. Well, then it gets to extended producer responsibility. And if there's no economic value in a recycling stream of certain substrates then they are a free rider and they ought to be paying for it. Those are the discussions we're having with our state and federal legislators about the recycling infrastructure, the collection and the producer responsibility. And so this is not a short-term game. It's a long-term game. I wish it would move faster, but it is what it is. But we are putting our shoulder into this to make sure that people understand the value of aluminum in a recycling stream.
Dan Fisher: So, maybe I'll take the hardship clause. George, thanks for the question. I think about sort of compounds, inks, chemicals, epoxies that world. Traditionally, the pass-through mechanisms largely as John indicated, at least, for the last 20, 30 years sort of mirror our commercial contracts. But when those chemicals get outside of kind of a compounding inflationary rate, it differs for each compound, let's say, in excess of 10% just for purposes of this discussion. They have the ability to pass those through in shorter time intervals than on an annual basis. So we've been absorbing that. And that's largely what we're experiencing. From a plastic standpoint maybe, I'll let John, handle that and then maybe I can give some color on the specific conversations we're having with customers on the branding side.
Dan Fisher: The only thing I'd add to the comments I think you asked the question in and around customers and discussion. I would think about it this way, George, there are whole brands that are in PET. In the conversations we're having, very candid conversations with our customers, that's a real problem. And right now we can't move fast enough to convert those entire brands over. And as a result I think folks are fighting a good fight to hold on to PET and collection efforts and what they can for as long as they can because the anti-plastic sentiment is not going anywhere. It's accelerating and the conversations we're having are candidly far different than even were a year ago.
Dan Fisher: It's a great question. I think Scott commented, in his financial overview on some of the impacts. But I think when you think of dunnage, when you think of freight and when you think of candidly labor issues both with our suppliers and our customers breweries are struggling filling locations are struggling. So it's across the entirety of the ecosystem. Rough math when we've investigated sort of what our growth would be in a more stable supply chain for North America it would have been in excess of 6% growth shipped volumes for the quarter.
Dan Fisher: Yes. We're not looking at it in similar terms. So we're very bullish on Europe. Some of this has to do -- and we've reflected on this historically, we've got a significant presence in the U.K. in Russia and with a large energy drink customer. And everything that we're seeing is really strong growth projected for 2022 and beyond. In a larger aggregate, we're in the early stages kind of putting together our three-year strat plan right now. Ghansham, when I look at the three major regions, maybe this will be helpful, we're looking at demand in excess of capacity to the degree in the neighborhood of 10 billion units, again, for next year and Europe has a good portion of that. So we're very bullish on the investments we've got going in the ground and the continued dialogue with our customers.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I think, the magnesium issue, you could argue that's a little overblown. I think in talking with our supply base on a regular basis -- typically you would hold anywhere between six to nine months of inventory. I think we've got assets, human capital actually that's in China that's working on a daily basis with our supply base over there and magnesium suppliers there. The operations are back up and running. I think there was an inflection point in inflation, as you said, a few weeks back. I think that's dissipating pretty significantly right now. So as we sit here today, I appreciate the question, but this is not sort of top of mind in terms of the surety supply issues, either with our supply base or with our -- or from a cost perspective.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I think that's largely correct. I mean, we don't -- we're not going to go into forward guidance, but I think the reverse engineer of the math would suggest -- I'll tell you this, we're selling every single can we're making in South America. And so, if you backtrack into the capacity that we've added, reverse engineer that, you get to, I think, very close to the hypothesis you put forward.
Dan Fisher: I'm not. And why I'm not or why we're not is when we look to a number of our customers. And if you look to some of their commentary, they're saying if you have innovation and you have the product the can candidly, they're not seeing the same historical constraints relative to price elasticity. I think as John indicated, it's still November 2021. So I don't know where all of this goes in terms of supply-demand impacts. But the other thing that we're looking at is, inflation is hitting and supply chain challenges are hitting every other substrate. And I don't think anyone is going to retrench further into plastic or other substrates at this point given the sustainability challenges that those substrates have. So as we sit here today pretty positive, pretty bullish that these products can take on more price. And it won't impact the volume curve.
Dan Fisher: I think the only meaningful difference I think the economic integrity of each contract and the pass-through mechanisms are consistent. They may be more tied to regional inflationary mechanisms, as opposed to a standard inflation pass-through. And the only thing that we're saying and the cost recovery comment that John provided in his prepared remarks is that, these pass-through mechanisms outside of metal typically work a year in arrears. And in an inflationary period, that we're experiencing again something that we haven't seen in 40 years that's not sufficient for quarter-to-quarter P&L integrity. And so we're going to try to address that with new contracts that we're entering and partnerships that we have established.
Dan Fisher: And the only thing that's different is inflation has gone through the roof at an accelerated pace. So that's been the difference. But the contracts have worked how we thought they would work.
Dan Fisher: No. That's a great comment and good insight. Yes, we are really holding firm on trying to build inventory in Europe and in North America, specifically at this point in time. So some of that has constrained the ability to ship within the quarter, but the comment is in and around the 6% or – looking at Q3 for North America in particular, we thought we'd be – when we look at the upstream and downstream disruptions, within the supply chain ecosystem, we would have been north of 6% for ship volume growth in the quarter.
Dan Fisher: No, it's good insight. I think you're reading it correctly. We're stepping into the meat of the backlog, if you will, and some stronger margin projects that are starting to kick off. They'll continue into 2022, 2023 and 2024. And so you should see – and I think I established that in my prepared remarks, you should see favorable project mix starting to show up in a cascading way over the next several years.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. I think it's a combination of two things. What you saw in – from quarter two to quarter three in 2020 was a V-shaped recovery in that market. And so you shipped out a lot of inventory heading into Q3 that you built in Q2 transitioning out of COVID. Both July and August were double-digit declines in terms of year-over-year shipments, and we were more in line with the flattish growth trajectory in September. You should think probably in the neighborhood of one billion units was compromised in those – in that 8-week period.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. I don't have that readily available. Probably, a couple of percentage points more of growth would be what I would suggest. It was far more significant in North America, where the supply chain issues across the entirety of the ecosystem. And it was compounded by the fact candidly that we had such low inventory levels. We could not react in locations in filling locations. If there was an opportunity to ship more, we just didn't have the safety stock to lean into that. So, it's far more pronounced in North America. But yes, we left a little growth on the table in Europe for sure.
Dan Fisher: Yes. There is a fervor around still water right now. And what you're seeing is like I think any new market that's opening up, it's an awful lot of entrepreneurial attempts at it. And I think anything that's a closed venue, so it could be anything from the venues that we're seeing concerts, and the sporting events to theaters to airlines to you name it those are easy locations to change out plastic and the composition of that in those venues and so lots of conversations in and around that. I won't go into too much detail because it will steal our strategic thunder. But I would see more and more opportunity moving forward with larger and larger brands to get more into still water.
Dan Fisher: Yes, it's interesting. We have a significant series of assets and ecosystem in Russia. It feels like every other week there's something that pops up there. So, I would tell you that the customers, the suppliers, and us have started to figure it out. And of course, we're not immune to a significant event in a major city, but I think everything that we're hearing is we're able to operate. Our team is doing a remarkable job figuring how to keep our folks safe and keep our customers in cans. We are still on allocation there. That is a terrific market and has been for us and will continue to be into 2022 right now. We are not concerned about continuing business surety or business continuance in that part of the world.
Dan Fisher: I think we're managing them better. I think the demand profile looks healthier in terms of improved performance year-over-year. I think we're also trying to manage and balance in my previous comments building inventory. So we can more effectively manage peak season next year, because we did not do an effective job of that this year in North America in particular. And it cost us a lot of money. So we are going to balance and try to thread that needle in terms of we're still oversold in North America. And if we're going to do the right thing for our customers, we're going to protect them for peak season next year.
Dan Fisher: Yeah, you will see -- in North America specifically I think that's where you're catching that comment. You will see the majority of -- we've talked repeatedly that we will exit the year with 12 billion units globally of installed capacity heading into 2022. 60 -- two-thirds of that is North America and that will precipitate some really -- some nice growth for us for each quarter and the balance of 2022. And knock on wood we're going to enter the year with a much healthier inventory position. So we're going to be able to execute on that portion of the growth trajectory as well.
Dan Fisher: Short answer, no. It will have no impact on our business moving forward. I would just refer you back to some of my comments on this call. Right now as we sit here today, we're 10 billion units oversold in our three major regions. The majority of that's in North America. The anti-plastic sentiment is really starting to build in a meaningful way. So a lot of brands that you have seen historically that have all been in plastic they all need to find a home. And so we've got no shortage of opportunity. I would also say as the retail providers begin to stabilize their supply chain they want innovation and our customers want to push out innovation. And a more stable supply chain ecosystem is going to provide a lot of opportunities that candidly our customers and us have been sitting on for the last 12 months to 18 months. So no hard seltzer is not going to impact our current plans or our future plans.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Short answer no. I think there was a short-term dislocation and it's happening everywhere. And I can tell you we've probably had a couple of hundred retirements that we knew were going to come within the next five years, but it's happened because folks are exhausted of COVID. And so we saw that. We have been hiring for the last three years 1,000 folks a year. We'll continue to hire 1.000 folks next year. And so the balance of retirement versus attrition and what that net number can have an impact on the rate. But I think the team understands this. I think this is a spot anomaly just to be fully transparent. We're seeing it in other parts of the business. And I think as the world starts to reset and get back to normal you'll see less and less of that. So I think we had an intermittent hit here in the last six months largely due to COVID because of unanticipated retirement. But the team has done a remarkable job recruiting. And I think what we're finding is Denver and the excitement about being part of Ball and some of the projects we're working on is a hell of a talent magnet.
Dan Fisher: And the only thing I would add to that Adam is, we talked about the industry being up 100 billion units from the end of 2019 at our Investor Day, a little over a year ago. We are ahead of that right now, despite one of the largest supply chain disruptive periods and COVID. And so, the only thing I would continue to say is demand and the outlook looks far better than it did last quarter, two quarters ago, 18 months ago. And I think, North America is going to continue to grow and it's going to be in excess of 6% for the foreseeable future.
Dan Fisher: Dina, it’s -- we’re five minutes after the hour, maybe we – if there is one more question, we’ll take that.
Dan Fisher: Great question on the import of cans. It surprised us to the upside as well. I think we entered the year thinking maybe more in the 10 billion to 12 billion range and that speaks to the strength of aluminum and maybe lends itself to your next question. But as we sit here today, we're putting a ton of capacity online. Our competitors are putting capacity online, and early insights into 2022 is we're significantly oversold again. And so I think there will be some need for importation again. We will be importing as well. We may be importing in other regions, because the growth is so significant in some of the other regions. So, yes, as we get a clearer picture, we'll indicate kind of what we think that is, but this is early stages of our planning period for 2022. And it's clear that our customers don't want to be paying that much in freight. So if we can domicile that, it's just going to be a matter of how fast we can domesticate that volume. But there will certainly be need probably for 2022 and I would assume 2023 for some importations at some level.
Dan Fisher: Okay. Great. Well, thank you everyone for your participation. Dina, thank you for hosting us, and we look forward to engaging with you over the next quarter. Take care.
