Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. Dan and John, I couldn't be happier for both of you. Congratulations, John. Thank you, first and foremost for your friendship and for everything you've done for Ball. It's been a hell of a lot of fun. And thank you for your continued thought leadership on sustainability going forward. Dan, I'm very happy for you, your family and for Ball. This is a great day. You're a great leader and ready for this role. I look forward to us continuing to work together. I have one word of advice for John. Work on your putting. When you don't have the CEO title, you're much less likely to be given those three foot putts. And now to the numbers. Fourth quarter 2021 comparable diluted earnings per share were $0.97 versus $0.81 in 2020, an increase of 20% and comparable full-year 2021 diluted earnings per share are up 18%. Fourth quarter and full-year sales were up due to pass-through of higher aluminum prices, higher sales volumes, and improved mix. Comparable fourth quarter diluted earnings per share reflects strong results in North America, aerospace and other non-reportable, and lower year-over-year corporate cost during the quarter offset by unfavorable Euro earnings translation. In addition, the Ball and Platinum Equity announced sale of the Ball Metalpack investment closed yesterday. As a minority partner, Ball's net proceeds from yesterday's transactions were approximately $300 million. The sale represents the final step involves two step exit from the tin-plate steel food and aerosol businesses. Recall that Ball received approximately $600 million in cash proceeds in 2018, but our legacy steel food and aerosol assets were sold into the minority owned JV with Platinum. Ball's balance sheet is very healthy with ample liquidity and flexibility. Year-end net debt to comparable EBITDA was 3.4 times and within our optimal leverage range. As we sit here today, some additional key metrics to keep in mind for 2022. Our full-year effective tax rate on comparable earnings is expected to be in the range of 19%. Full-year interest expense will be in the range of $270 million and full-year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable is expected to be in the range of $120 million to reflect higher year-over-year incentives based on anticipated higher performance and investments to our systems infrastructure to support our robust growth. At this time, and given additional growth projects in all of our businesses to support EVA enhancing contracted volumes, we expect 2022 total CapEx to be at least $2 billion and to return in the range of $1.75 billion to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends in 2022. We continue to see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 2025. And look forward to even more opportunities to invest in our businesses for profitable returns. Rest assured, Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash as fellow owners and through the lens of EVA discipline, we will prudently balance growth opportunities with consist return of value to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. We look forward to consistently investing in our business and returning even more value to shareholders in the coming years. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Dan.
Scott Morrison: Sure. On the free cash flow front, we actually did a little better in 2021 than we expected, we had some milestone payments that we collected really from our aerospace business that helped us. Also if, when commodity prices rise, when aluminum rises, we get a benefit from a working capital standpoint, because we have longer payable terms than we have receivable terms. And so that helped working capital in 2021. In 2022, we're kind of expecting relatively flat commodity prices and expecting free cash flow to be or working capital to be relatively neutral. As it relates to deploying the capital, our teams have done a fantastic job of all the new builds, all the incremental lines that we put in plants, on time, on schedule, there's a slip here or there for maybe a week or so. But I have to commend our operating folks; they have done a spectacular job. Despite all the challenges, despite the COVID challenges, despite the supply chain challenges, they've really done an excellent job. So it's not without challenges. But I think we have a really good plan as to how we're going to deploy this $2 billion of capital. And we expect the strong performance operating performance to continue.
Scott Morrison: Yes, what truly runs is a dollar-based business as most of the Russian economy does tied to oil. So and our treasury team does have an incredibly effective job of insulating us from valuation changes in the currency, so you don't see much of that, to be honest.
Scott Morrison: Got it, I mean the only thing I would add is exactly on the PPI adjustments, some happened in the first quarter, some happened in the second quarter, and some won't happen until the third. By the third quarter, we should see all of that benefit, or all of that cost recovery coming back to us, if you will.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I think it's really the organic growth continues to strengthen. We're entering into additional contracts, long-term contracts with customers. And so we have a high degree of confidence in deploying this capital. It really hasn't changed a heck of a lot from our view in our Investor Day in 2020. If anything, it's just gotten firmed up more and become more real. And so we're executing on those plans.
Scott Morrison: Yes, in terms of the inflation, it was over $120 million of net inflation that we had to take in 2021. The vast majority of that being in North America, the rest most of the being in Europe. As it relates to startup costs, we had $42 million in the U.S., we had $50 million overall. So we thought we'd be a little higher in the U.S. more of that a little bit of that shifted into the first quarter. So we won't see a decline necessarily. I think startup costs will still grow a little bit, because we're still looking at expanding facilities here. As it relates to South America though the startup cost really gets driven by North America where labor rates are higher. And so bringing people in six months early to train is more costly than it would be in South America. So while South America will have a tick up in startup costs, it's not gigantic.
Scott Morrison: Yes, most of that we had to took down in 2021. And then we mentioned about our PPI escalators that we have most of our contracts we'll recover that, but we'll recover some in the first quarter, some in the second quarter. And by the third quarter we should have most of that recovered.
Scott Morrison: Yes, the metal capacity. So it's just a component of the metal. And things are volatile, I would say the supply chain is very tight and the metal supply chain is very tight. So I'm more concerned about that than I am about any particular component of the metal price.
Scott Morrison: And remember, it's January of 2022. So we've been surprised by the upside since our Investor Day. And we're not making great predictions about 2023. But to Dan's comments, everything we're seeing looks pretty dark good.
Dan Fisher: Thanks, again, Scott. In summary, our Drive for 10 vision continues to serve as our guide. We know who we are, we know where we're going, and we know what is important. We are positioned to exceed both our comparable diluted earnings per share long-term goal of 10% to 15%, as well as our EVA dollar growth goals of 4% to 8% per year in 2022 and beyond. While we are not immune in facing inflation, volatility and supply chain headwinds in the near-term, we are confident that we will get through it successfully and maintain our pricing leverage. Over our 142-year history, it has been done before, and it will be done again. The decadal shift that will favor our packages is happening. We look forward to continuing our journey and being close to our customers, focusing on attention to detail, acting like true owners of the business, being good corporate citizens to our people and our planet and returning value to our shareholders. And with that, Malika, we are ready for questions.
Dan Fisher: Yes, great. Maybe I'll start with kind of how we're seeing 2022 and the growth by the three large regions. Commented in my prepared remarks, and as you know, we've installed quite a bit of the $12 billion capacity that's exiting 2021 is in North America. So you would expect, and that's what we anticipate double-digit growth in that region. In Europe, we've made a lot of incremental investments. And so we think that that team will be able to deliver near double-digit growth. And in South America, we anticipate we've commented on the 4% to 6% long-term growth trajectory. We anticipate being north of the -- or in the higher range of that. And in all total, I mean, we've got a really strong chance to get to double digits in the global beverage business with the capacity we've installed and the demand profile and the execution. A little bit more commentary in and around South America. We were just talking to that team the other day. I mean, keep in mind, in the fourth quarter, I think in Brazil, in particular, that's really where we had some demand disruption versus sort of what we anticipated ending in the quarter. I think the rain in Brazil was up something like 300% versus a normal rainfall estimate. And then there were a lot -- that's their peak season, and COVID started to show up in November and December and they shut down a lot of opportunities for folks to congregate and get together and consumed can beverages. So those were the two fundamental issues that precipitated in Brazil. The good news and why we were able to deliver growth is we're -- we play in a lot more areas and countries in that region than in Brazil. And so that's what trended us toward growth is, we had a really nice performance in a number of the other countries that we participate in. As we sit here today, COVID still persists. And so we're obviously monitoring it. It is peak season. The rain has stopped. The weather has improved. Those things are moving in a direction for South America, but we need to get beyond, what the entire world's dealing with relative to Omicron to see us return to kind of what we should anticipate normally in the first quarter in South America.
Dan Fisher: Yes, thanks for that. So one thing, to keep in mind is, we didn't make this as clear -- we're doing it in all of our businesses. So that's one thing that wasn't maybe as clear, when we commented on this plan of attack at the last earnings call. The teams are fundamentally going out and having conversations in a Ball fashion with each one of our major customers. And so we're sitting at the table as partners and we're having those conversations. And I would say the feedback at this point overwhelmingly is we've made really good progress. We will see that improvement in 2022. One of the things you're pointing out is those conversations start with a point of view on what the world looks like. And so two months ago, I don't think anybody anticipated what was on and energy prices for instance, and the Ukraine impact. So we will have to have ongoing conversations as things in the world show up that none of us have anticipated or modeled, but the team's done a really nice job. And I think we're working toward a really nice plan and we should see that show up in 2022.
Dan Fisher: Sure. And I'll attempt to parse out some of this by region. I would say globally, energy drinks are on fire. And we have a -- we have a very strong position with a number of those folks. And so we've benefited from that in terms of our growth profile. Beer continues to grow across the world. But I'd say we saw an inflection of CSD as well in Europe. And we have a strong position there. In South America, all of the growth was fundamentally muted by weather patterns, but again, beer is the dominant player there. So growth happens in -- growth happens or doesn't happen as a result of beer in South America. In North America, in particular, we saw growth in CSD, double-digit growth in energy, sparkling water, slight growth, domestic beer was down. Hard seltzers were down slightly. And craft beer was down slightly. But the largest category CSD and energy kind of for us and our portfolio did well. And that's what sort of carried today for us in North America.
Dan Fisher: One build on Scott's comments relative to the execution of deployment. Remember, three, four years ago, what we decided to do was create a global engineering organization. And so we have the ability to deploy resources, not region dependent, but where the work needs to be done. And that team has done a remarkable job of organizing itself, standardizing installed base, I think we got upfront of the process equipment by, I think there's been a lot of things that we've done right over an extended period of time that are now showing up. And you can't underestimate the fact that we're hiring people well in advance. We're training them, when they come in, they know what to do. They feel safe, operating in our environments. And I think that's enabled us to retain people, far in excess of kind of what the industrial manufacturing sector is doing. So knock on wood. We're really encouraged about what we've done. And it's a really good building block and gives us a great deal of confidence that we're going to be able to continue to do that over the next 24 months.
Dan Fisher: The 2021 capacity and you could -- it's probably reflected in my commentary for where we see growth in 2022 was overwhelmingly in North America. We did put in a Greenfield facility in South America we'll see the benefits of that. And we did incremental investments in both South America and EMEA. But transitioning in 2022, there will be more capacity going into South America, and North America, that's where the majority of the $12 billion exit rate of installed capacity will come from. And then in 2023, you'll see -- in 2024, you'll see a pretty significant step up in EMEA.
Dan Fisher: I'll make a comment and then I'll give it over to Scott for additional detail. I say when we talk about -- when we talk about time and time again, here in the prepared remarks, sort of the net inflation drag the majority of that was North America related. And it's how we pass-through inflation in our PPI mechanism. So when you're thinking about a year-over-year bridge, you should see the benefits of that inflation transition show up throughout the year, because not every contract renewal happens on January 1. There were, as you can imagine, countless supply chain challenges, et cetera. I'm cautiously optimistic that the supply chain and the ecosystem is going to stabilize somewhat, I can't guarantee that. But I do believe you'll see improved performance because we have exited North America in a much healthier inventory position in 2021, heading into 2022 than we had in 2020. That should improve the net inflation pass-through. And I'm very encouraged with the execution as we just commented on in terms of the project, those will all be there for us to lean into. I expect North America to have a really nice year next year.
Dan Fisher: Yes, thank you for that question. I would say COVID didn't impact our demand with the exception of precautions in South America, where it's peak season down there. And they didn't allow for the public gatherings to the same extent. That's the one where it's most acute. And we can describe that and understand that. We're absolutely experiencing some impacts to production here in the first couple of weeks of January. I mean, it's the wave of Omicron is hit. I think we had nearly double-digit dislocation of our manufacturing folks in all three regions here. Last week, it's where it peaked. I think it's sharply rose, and now it's sharply declining. So I think, we got a chance to deliver a strong first quarter. But yes, on the demand side, COVID, with the exception of South America, I'm not entirely sure we saw much impact. And I think the other question that you had was just relative to demand profile in general. For us, we've been very fortunate that the partners that we have are winning in the marketplace. And so I think in that regard, and we've, obviously, there's a ton of focus and has been for the last six months, the spiked seltzer category, we had minimal exposure to that, coupled with the fact that a number of our key partners are doing extraordinarily well in the marketplace. So that may be an insulation from maybe other participants in the market. But I'll leave it there for now.
Dan Fisher: Yes, first is our Investor Day 2020 late 2020, when we sort of laid out a multi-year growth plan. So as we sit here today and was referenced in a previous question, we've spent capital in excess of what we had planned at that time, up to this period, which is all good. We have really solid contracts to back it, EVA generative opportunities. So based on what we've seen thus far, we're going to take advantage if those opportunities continue to show up and manifest in the same way we'll lean into them. We've got a healthy balance sheet, as Scott's already indicated, and if there's more opportunity to grow, we'll take advantage of it. I think one thing that is a sign towards more growth is if you reference and maybe Ann could send this out as part of our materials. But Ellen MacArthur Foundation produced the top 10 CPG companies and their producer responsibility, recycled content targets over the next five years. Every one of them has a significant improved target position that they've said publicly, and they can't get there without aluminum is the bottom line. So we didn't see that type of target in earnestness behind public targets from our largest customers. They're out in the public domain now and they're going to have to hit those. So there's quite a lot of belief, at least as we sit here in Broomfield, Colorado today that we've got more upside than we do downside in those projections.
Dan Fisher: Yes, thanks for the question. You're exactly right. The other non-reportable was up double-digits. And it's from our -- a combination of our joint ventures around the world majority owned assets. So think Saudi Arabia, Southeast Asia cans were going into markets that were oversold from all of those areas. So that contributed to the uplift. I haven't [ph] made the comment on imports. I can tell you from our position we are oversold in all three markets heading into the year. And we will have to continue to shift in unnatural patterns from those locations into Europe and North America in particular in 2022. I can't comment on the competitors. But we'll continue to see import cans for sure from us to the extent that our competitors need them. I don't know that information.
Dan Fisher: I think in Europe, we're very close to where we need to be. And in North America, I don't have the specific number. I think it was in the range of will be 10 days better than we were a year-ago. In terms of finished good and that that can be a -- two weeks is, is a much better buffer than how we ended the -- began the year last year.
Dan Fisher: No. I think the can because of the recycled content attributes and because of the commitments from all the major CPG companies. They just can't get to these commitments by transitioning into these other substrates. It's -- it'll be dilutive. I think the can is winning, it will continue to win every metric we have suggest. We're doing more with our major customers and they're telling us they're going to lean into the can more and more. So that -- from that standpoint, I think we're in a good spot. And then I just refer you to previous commentary on the spiked seltzer market. Our exposures very limited to that. And yes, I'll leave it at that.
Dan Fisher: Inflation is a part of it, but a very small part. The real driver is opportunities that we have to deploy capital. It's too bad during COVID. We're not doing plant tours and things, but if you went to Glendale, Arizona, that would be a great example of investments that we're making that are really just spectacular facilities. So it's really driven more by opportunities and increasing our capacity versus inflation. I mean, there's definitely some inflation in steel and putting up buildings and things like that. But that's not what's driving the increase.
Dan Fisher: Yes, 2022, 2023. It's a great question. 2022 what we see in front of us were oversold. 2023 will continue to be tight based on every conversation that we're having with our customers. I just continue to think this is the case. No, I don't think this is a 2022, 2023. Things get right supply demand balances out; I think the sustainability tailwinds are so pronounced. And the commitments are now so public from our customer base that they are going to have to move into aluminum to hit those goals. And so that's what we're monitoring right now.
Dan Fisher: A build on -- a simple build on that is if we're spending capital at a light rate, and we're standing up capacity in Greenfield's at a light rate, you'll start to see us comment less on startup costs, because it's a recurring expense. And so, the reason we spoke on it from 2020 to 2021 is a significant step-up in some very large Greenfield facilities. And it was material so that's why we commented on it. So I think we'll probably dissipate from those comments moving forward if we continue to spend, which for the foreseeable future we are.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I don't have that detail in front of me. I think the team is marshaling through a really thoughtful inventory build plan in North America, specifically, we're in a much healthier position year-over-year. I mean, keep in mind, we understand our A level inventory is probably 80% of our sales volume. We've got annual forecasts that we're operating off of, a lot of the labels that you'd see right now would be super Ball related, et cetera. So anything that would be a change in graphics, I think we've got good line of sight into, and I think the team is going to execute really well here in the first quarter.
Dan Fisher: They're absolutely investing and filling capacity for it. Demand aluminum, it's a combination of a slight substrate shift or leaning and all the new products that are being launched in North America are being launched in cans. And it will be interesting to see habits have clearly changed over the last two years, there's more at-home consumption, and that at-home consumption, overwhelmingly benefits aluminum packaging. And so I think the combination of all those three, we're talking to them. We're planning longer-term, in terms of maturity and supply. And I'm kind of bullish on that segment for the foreseeable future.
Dan Fisher: I would say 95% is accounted for. There's probably an element of spot volume. But keep in mind; we've got contracts that roll over at various times. And so it's not a 100% contracted, but it's overwhelmingly contracted. And I wouldn't parse out the -- my comment about not saying we're oversold. I'll give you more detail when we get more into 2022 as it relates to 2023. And we have conversation with our customers right now. Everyone is laser focused on trying to navigate they're here and now getting cans on the shelves. And so we're talking about 2022. But I think our capacity that we're putting in place, as we've said now for several years, it's contracted. It's EVA generative, and it's going to -- we're going to like the returns.
Dan Fisher: Yes, I've been in manufacturing for 30 years, and for 29 of those, we've been moving jobs overseas. And we've been low cost country sourcing, and we've gone to a just in time mentality. And I think all of that will change moving forward. I don't know what that means in terms of working capital, use of cash, I would imagine there would be a combination of folks are going to get a hell of a lot smarter and more effective and efficient on the stocking levels, they have to manage that working capital. But you would think you're going to have to buttress the working capital with trucking continues to be a concern, a number of things that you're managing, but I think this just in time inventory phase may be a thing of the past for the next few years.
Dan Fisher: Yes. So a lot there. I will tell you, the thing that I'm most proud of to inherit in this role is that and John has steward us to this point, we are a sustainability company. All of our strategies in all of our businesses are tied to circularity. And even in aerospace, we have a wonderful opportunity to lean into our climate censoring technology, our data analytics. And so I think that does a couple of things for us. If you don't have sustainability tailwind, you've got a headwind and our businesses have tailwind. The other thing is, it's an incredibly powerful attractor of talent, not just our incredible culture here at Ball. But folks want to make a change; they want to make a difference. And they can do that at Ball. And so I'm going to lean heavily into that. And I think the leadership team that's supporting me and supporting our 24,000 employees, all believe in that. And so what that means, we have to tell our circularity story, we have to own the aluminum story, we have to improve every aspect of that story. The primary goal of that is recycled content. And I think our supply chain partners know that, we know that. And we're going to try to influence the hell out of that over the next decade. One of the things that John commented on in his prepared comments are, I asked John specifically to stay in role and support this business because he has been a foundational element and storyteller of our product. And John is going to continue to do that at the highest levels of our government, and stakeholders around the world. And we're going to lean on that and continue to build off that. I'd say that that our 24,000 folks are going to are going to define our future a hell of a lot more than Dan Fisher is. But what we have this culture, how we focus on our capital investments, and the company being a sustainability company, first and foremost is something that we've got a hell of an opportunity to build on, George.
Dan Fisher: Yes, the risk profile maybe I'll talk, we do a phenomenal job. We have a significant presence in Russia. We -- as Scott has indicated, it's a dollar based business that's where the most speculation and geopolitical stability -- instability is right now maybe I can have Scott talk about how we look at hedging, how we protect ourselves in contracts and energy contracts, et cetera.
Dan Fisher: Yes, they're still investing. They're investing in filling lines at an accelerated rate versus what we've seen historically, they're still bullish. We're still bullish on aluminum cans. And that's why we're continuing to lean in with candidly three new Greenfields in Europe that is a significant -- that's a significant statement by us and our customers that have been contracted for those facilities to continue to grow in those areas.
Dan Fisher: And Malika, with that I will just thank everyone for their questions and look forward to speaking to everybody at the end of the first quarter and everybody stay safe.
