Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. Comparable second quarter 2021 diluted earnings per share were $0.86 versus $0.65 in 2020, an increase of 32%. Second quarter comparable diluted earnings per share reflects strong global beverage results, slightly lower interest expense and a lower effective tax rate, offset by previously discussed higher year-over-year corporate costs, as well as labor and startup costs to support business growth and marketing costs to drive the aluminum cup launch. Ball’s balance sheet is very healthy with ample liquidity and flexibility. As we sit here today, some additional key metrics to keep in mind for 2021. Our full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will now be in the range of 17%. Full year interest expense will be in the range of $270 million. And full year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable are now expected to be in the range of $95 million. We continue to see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 25. Our 2021 cash from operations will grow in line with earnings trajectory and be aided by a source and working capital. We expect 2021 total CapEx to exceed $1.5 billion and returns on capital beyond our 9% after-tax hurdle rate will flow through as new growth projects become operational later in the year and in the years to come. Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash, as fellow owners and in alignment with our EVA discipline, we will prudently balance real time growth opportunities with consistent return of value to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Given the second quarter’s strength and net leverage in our target range, we will return significant value to shareholders via dividends, as John mentioned earlier, and our ongoing 2021 share repurchase program of at least $500 million. In 2021, we will return approximately $1 billion to shareholders, including dividends and buybacks, and we intend to double that total return to shareholders in 2022. With that, I’ll turn it back to you, John.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. On the aerospace side, I think, we saw continued struggles early in the quarter, got much better in the back half of the quarter. We think going -- we feel much better going forward that we’re kind of beyond the challenges that we have in the supply chain. In North and Central America, we’re seeing increased costs as it relates to warehousing, coatings, all kinds of things. I think everybody’s seeing that across their supply chain. So we’ve been able to -- our teams have done a great job of making sure that we have metal to run our operations. So we haven’t had any issues from that standpoint. But it’s a challenging environment, but one that we’re navigating through pretty well.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. We’ve invested about $250 million so far just the start -- it just in the realm cups plants so far and we expect to have returns, yes, well in excess of that 9% as it matures. To Dan’s point, I think the team has done an amazing job, given kind of COVID restrictions of getting into 20,000 retail locations in a really short period of time. That doesn’t come without some additional investment. But we expect that investments to be well worth it as we get into 2022 and beyond and start to see those returns.
Scott Morrison: Sure, George. I think it’s more conviction and confidence in our business, and the prospects of our business longer term. I think it’s -- we’re in a comfortable leverage, we said, we wanted to be 3 times to 3.5 times year end debt-to-EBITDA. We see our earnings growth over the next several years growing at a pretty good clip and so we have the ability to basically borrow more money and keeping the leverage flat and returning a ton of that value to shareholders kind of like what we’ve done in the past historically. So I think its conviction about all of those things that gives us the confidence to do -- to raise the dividend 33% a week ago, and to ramp up the share buyback. And I think this year will be a good start and I think we did a lot more as we as we go forward.
Scott Morrison: And we don’t have to sacrifice growth investments. We’re still going to -- we’re able to invest heavily in the growth supported by those long duration contracts that Dan talked about. We’re going to flow a lot of cash and a lot of that extra cash is going to go back to the shareholders.
Scott Morrison: Yeah. We, I mean, we have -- we look at the dividend all the time and we don’t adjust it on a regular basis. We look at it from time to time and then make larger, I guess, adjustments. Most of that returns obviously going to come in the form of share buyback, but we’ll keep a balance between dividends and share buyback. But you’re right, we’re kind of at the front end of acceleration of both of those, as we see, have more confidence as we look out into the future about our cash flow and EVA generation.
Scott Morrison: Well, I think, this year we’ll invest probably in total, close to $30 million in the startup of the plant of getting it into retail and all of that. I think the marketing costs that we’re experiencing this year mostly in the second quarter, but some also in the third quarter. We will reduce greatly next year. And I think our volumes will grow quite a bit next year. As John mentioned kind of, on-premise food service, stadiums, venues, those kinds of things come back. We’re having nice success on the retail side, nice success on the online. And so I don’t think it’d be a nice contributor year-over-year, I would expect it to be a nice swing.
Scott Morrison: The dividend is a little bit high -- with the dividend bump that we just did, the dividend will be a little higher than that. But the share buyback is kind of in that $700 million to $800 million range. Yes, that’s correct.
John Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. In summary, our Drive for 10 vision serves us very well, whether it be broadening our geographic expansion, developing new customers, markets and products, and doing so with a commitment to being close to our customers and with uncompromising integrity. Following our strong year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of the year, we are even better positioned to exceed our comparable diluted earnings per share long-term goal of 10% to 15% and exceed our EVA dollar growth goals of 4% to 8% per year in 2021 and beyond. We will work safely together to execute on projects, support our customers’ growth, drive the circular economy and generate significant earnings, cash, EVA and return even more value to our shareholders. And with that, Kathy, we’re ready for questions.
John Hayes: Yeah. I’ll just add, let’s not forget that that 4% to 6% did not include any water, any still water and we are even just driving in the car today, I actually heard a radio commercial about still -- a new still water brand coming in. And so I think that provides, it was delayed about a year because of COVID, but we are starting to see it. A little bit less so here in North America, but certainly in Europe and we expect that to be upside to that 4% to 6% volume growth.
John Hayes: Yeah. But having said that, even going into 2022, we still expect some imports as we kind of catch up with all this. If you go back probably, I’ll call it, 18 months ago and asked us, we would have probably said the amount of imports in 2022 would be negligible, if any, but we’re seeing more just because the overall demand growth and we want to be prudent in our investments. And as Dan mentioned earlier, we make the investments based upon secured contracts. And so as those come through, that provides an underpinning, but I would expect that we’re still doing some level of importing in 2022.
John Hayes: No. No. It doesn’t. Because as you know, I think, it’s actually only upside. The kegs seldomly, certainly, here in North America, less than in Europe, but is very -- does not skew towards the on-premise. And so I think as the on-premise comes on, I think, they’re upside, because of the anecdotal evidence that we have seen and heard is that as the on-premise does begin to open up, the kegs are the ones at risk, because they had to flush so much bad product because of the lock downs. And so, bar owners and restaurant owners are looking at much more flexible and adaptable supply chains within their own walls and I certainly think that favors a can So in fact, I think, as things open or close, there’s little downside, but more upside.
John Hayes: I think in total, I think, in aerospace, we think it costs in the range of probably $5 million in the quarter. And I think in North America beverage, our startup costs were in the $11 million to $12 million, excuse me, $12 million to $13 million range. And then all the other inefficiency costs that, Scott alluded to, and don’t forget, we entered the quarter with the lowest inventory we had. And so as you’re going into a seasonally high period of time in North America, that’s what created the disruption, but that costs is probably in the range of $20 million $25 million. And as Dan talked in this prepared remarks, a big focus in the second half of this year is new capacity is coming online, is getting our inventories back to a more normalized level, so that we are not making to order, but we’re making to stock, which is very important from a whole supply chain efficiency perspective.
John Hayes: Yeah. And then one thing I’ll just add on that is, let’s also not forget the food service side, the sports and entertainment venues, they’re just in earnest over the last month or so, just starting to open up even on the concert side, they’re just starting as we speak. And so as we go into the second half of the year, that’s going to be a big focus. And then assuming normal, no restrictions or very limited restrictions in 2022, that’s where we see the road to profitability.
John Hayes: I’ll give a very high level view. I’m probably a little bit more excited why. It’s not only just because of innovation. It seems like every new brand that’s coming out in cans. And so the amount of the number, sheer number of new product inquiries we get from big, big customers, regional customers, small customers has been the greatest I’ve seen in my 20 plus years at Ball Corporation.
John Hayes: Yeah. George, just give you a context. People have been talking a lot about spike seltzer. What we’re also not talking about is the ready-to-drink that is just totally booming as we sit here right now. As Dan mentioned, energy is going very strong, and we’re seeing more and more coffee going in, with all sorts of functional benefits, whether it’s various oils being put into it or other things like that. And so, again, across the spectrum, that’s what we’re seeing.
John Hayes: Yeah. Just to give you some numerical context around that, historically, meaning over the last, I don’t know, five years, seven years, we would run on average inventory days in North America in the mid-20s, call it. We’re down this summer in the mid single digits. To Dan’s point, you can’t efficiently run a system a network like that when your inventory levels are so low. What we’re planning on doing in the second half of this year is get them back to the mid-teens, call it, 15 plus or minus, because that’s where we think more optimal levels can be. I don’t think we’ll get back to the 25, because I think the world is a bit different and the velocities, to Dan’s point of label changes is different, but certainly…
John Hayes: Yeah. Sorry about that. I’m not sure what -- we got dropped off again. But I think I was in finishing up, and saying, in this summer, we’ve been in the mid-single digits and we expect to get back by the end of this year, hopefully, to the 15 days, which we think is a much more optimal level, because otherwise, we’re just stressing our system too tightly.
John Hayes: Yeah. To that point, we had expected to put that in the backlog in the beginning of the second quarter is really more towards the end of the second quarter. And so that was in some part relative to our expectations a little delay, but it was the right thing to do for a variety of reasons, but nothing has changed as we go forward. We’re really excited about that business.
John Hayes: Yeah. What I was going to say is, don’t forget, we’ve always taken a portfolio approach to this. And as Dan mentioned earlier, that hard seltzer itself represents 5% or less of our North American volume. And so we’ve always played on the mainstream beer side. We played on the import beer side. We played on the spike seltzer. We trade wine on ready-to-drink alcohol, all of those. You have to look at it from a portfolio theory. And to Dan’s point, from a portfolio theory perspective that we’re on allocation and all these things are growing. And so I do think the focus on hard seltzer is probably a bit overstated here, because people are still drinking more alcohol from can products period.
John Hayes: Yeah. To Dan’s point on that, let me just amplify, because not four years ago, one-third of all new filling lines going in were for cans. Now it’s closer to two-thirds of all new filling lines going in for cans. And that’s a -- to Dan’s point, it’s across all categories, whether it’s beer, soft drink, energy water, craft wine, FMB’s, you name it, it’s across the Board.
John Hayes: I think a lot as you think about the growth in Russia that, we were on allocation, unfortunately, as we don’t have enough cans for the market. Think about the U.K. for all the things we talked about that Dan mentioned to earlier. This whole sustainability we haven’t talked much about this today. But you can clearly see in Europe, a strategic mind shift changing as we speak. Let’s not forget in 2025 the European packaging directive comes into full force in terms of recycled content and other things. And I think we’re seeing changes in behaviors by not only the consumers, but also our customers in anticipation of that.
John Hayes: It’s tight. Yeah. During, obviously, they’re -- in non peak season, getting ready to enter into peak season and everything that we’re seeing is going to put us in incredibly tight scenario. So that team is doing a marvelous job, trying to build inventory right now in anticipation of that growth. But we’re -- as I’ve commented in my prepared remarks, we’re obviously starting up a new plant in Brazil in this quarter probably back half of this quarter. There are other line extensions and investments all throughout the region that we continue to invest in and it’s going to continue to be tight and we’re adding we’re adding volume and capacity for our strategic players. We’ve got, I guess, we’re signaling high to middle-teen growth in that region and a lot of that is coming from this returnable glass, the can shift, the can continues to win across all categories and we will benefit from that here as this capacity comes online.
John Hayes: Okay. Well, thank you, all for your participation. As you can tell, there’s a sense of excitement here that we are -- we really do believe we’re on the front edge of a meaningful capital allocation strategy to return it to shareholders. We see as we sit here today nothing has fundamentally changed from our Investor Day nine months ago and we’re just excited. I do wish and hope that everyone stays very safe and healthy. This Delta variant is a concern. But I think strategically we’ll be as a globe be able to get beyond it. So thank you all for your participation and we look forward to continued engagement.
Dan Fisher: Thanks, Ghansham. I think for -- how we looked at that category is and I think I’ve made this comment before. We look at sort of the ready-to-drink alcohol space. And maybe just to give you some context, for Ball Corporation, hard seltzers of our unit volume make up less than 5%. We’ve seen -- obviously, we participated in the growth of that space. But it is not the underpinnings for the things that we’ve been talking about in terms of long-term securitization of contracts, EVA accretion. It’s not on the backs of that category specifically. And so I think it will continue to grow, it’s clearly not going to grow at the rate it has been. I think what’s been clear in that space is, the folks that continue to innovate and innovate effectively, are the ones that are taking share. And so from that perspective, we’re -- we believe that we have a right to play in the innovation space and I think we’d benefit from those customers in particular. And so that’s where our focus is. I’m leery to comment on unit volumes across the entire space for the back half of the year. But maybe that gives you a sense of how we at Ball kind of view that category. We’re continuing to bet on the long-term trajectory of the can and can wins in every channel. This is one that has done really well over the handful of years, but we like a lot of other categories and a lot of other spaces equally.
Dan Fisher: This may be too simple an answer, but our team is executing really, really well, in some instances, a little ahead of our expectations even. We’ve got a really stable footprint over there. We’re on the forefront of major greenfield expansions. But that’s a stable. We’ve had the benefits of incremental speed ups and incremental line extensions and that’s a much easier operating environment, coupled with the fact that the team over there is doing a terrific job. So, I think, solid contracts that we’ve leaned into and talked about globally, the team performing extremely well. And the fact that they’ve benefited from the incremental growth expansion as opposed to some of the large greenfield footprint. So I think the combination of those three and that team just continuing to perform exceedingly well.
Dan Fisher: Overwhelmingly, it’s committed. Well, we haven’t -- I think we’ve been pretty consistent on the capacity we’re putting in the ground, whether you’ve heard from Scott or John at other Investor Days and outlets. We haven’t deviated from that position. The long-term contracts are committed. They effectively in many instances have take or pay clauses in them. Good terms and conditions and equilibrium of risk. That’s improved over the course of the last four years to five years in terms of the contract integrity. But, yeah, they’re overwhelmingly contracted. I’d say, 85% to 90% of each one of the facilities is contracted.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Good question. I think going back to 2019, when we had an Investor Day and we laid out the growth trajectory and we’ve been pretty consistent that, I believe it’s going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of two-thirds alcohol, one-third other. It may be shifting a little bit more to 60% alcohol and 40%, and the reason for that is energy, the energy market continues to absolutely be on fire. And so that’s the only fundamental change I see in like the underlying architecture. The good news is that means volumes more than what we anticipated a couple years ago, but that segment in particular and there’s more fitness energy drinks coming online. You are a consumer, you see all of this and we’re obviously going to benefit from it.
Dan Fisher: I think we’ll be importing far less in the back half of the year. And having said that, the can growth, we’re still in the early innings of growth, so as all our channels and all our markets continue to open up and we’d lean more into new innovations, et cetera. Those could spur some inputs, but we’re not planning on near as much to the extent that we saw in the first half of the year.
Dan Fisher: Maybe just adding a comment to John’s good take on on-premise, I think, we’re also seeing the continued investment into the direct channel and there have been behavioral changes. That’s…
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Apologies for that. I did we seem somehow dropped off. But we’re back. So, Kathy, if you can, perhaps, like take the next question.
Dan Fisher: It’s important to add to that. When we talk about we’re doing an effective job, controlling what we’re controlling, especially within the four walls of our plants, it’s exactly the John’s comment, when you have historically low inventory levels that just promotes more label changes and more turnover. So our folks are operating incredibly well. They’re just doing it in challenging inventory level circumstances.
Dan Fisher: So I’ll answer a couple or add a couple comments and then maybe turn it over to Scott. Number one, we’re having to see the market in terms of promoting and building the brand. And so you can see commercials and traditional media, you can see an awful lot of activity in that arena. So we’re spending that money as we launch, we only have one time to launch in these 20,000 stores. So we’ve leaned in heavier in the second quarter even than probably what you see in the back half of the year in terms of investment to build the brand. And then it’s a function of volume against the fixed cost, right? So as we’re seeing volume continue to pick up and seeing some nice velocity turns on this retail. We have pretty good line of sight into where we’re going to be exiting the year and that real good line of sight in terms of this is going to be able to transition into a profitable business in 2022.
Dan Fisher: I was building on that George versus three years or four years ago, every large CPG company now is getting into the alcohol space. So just by virtue of that, we’re seeing a lot more innovation on that side. And as John said, almost everything is going into cans. So I’m more bullish. I don’t know which one’s going to win. But we know that the can is going to win and we continue to place our bets on that.
Dan Fisher: I think, yeah, you’re probably just scratching the surface on the hybrid. Anything you can get alcohol into is being contemplated. Yeah, just same thing on the, sorry, same on the fitness side, anything that can have fewer calories to give you energy or some benefits, there is no shortage of innovation there.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. And people have been around for long enough over the last 20 years, 25 years know that this lather rinse repeat strategy of making good investments, getting your debt down to the optimal capital levels and then giving it back to shareholders. That is a tried and true model. And we’re -- the key point that I was making in my prepared remarks is we had planned on really doing that in 2022. But we have enough conviction in the growth of cash flow, the growth of earnings and our balance sheet, as Scott said, that we’re going to be accelerating that.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. At a high level we are essentially running this business during peak season as it makes the order instead of make the stock business. And because of that, you see very different behaviors from in consumers in North America. So the volatility of what products win and what products win at a lesser degree, if you don’t have safety stock available to lean into that, that manifests and the more label changes and more conversions. And that’s what our plants are up against right now. We have known we’ve got some significant footprint investments coming online here. As I think both, John and I mentioned in our prepared remarks, three lines came on in North America this quarter. They’ll start to gain efficiency and then we’ll have built out into facilities, eight lines by the end of this year. That will give us a much needed breathing room. And as those come online and we can build the stock in, the traditional December, January time periods, we will see the benefits in peak season next year in North America. And we’re not done on expanding, obviously, to continue to make sure that we’ve got the appropriate asset utilization. And you’ll see the efficiency levels pick up in our plants because they’ll actually have five years to do what we’re planning to do.
Dan Fisher: No to the revenue and a little on the profit that negligible. What two things that influenced it, as Scott already indicated. Number one and I think I’ve made a comment in a prior call, we were operating pre-COVID, with about 80% of our employees, colocated on campus. We exited Q1 at about 50%. We’re exiting Q2 about 65%. So we’re trending in a way that’s allowing us to be a heck of a lot more efficient and collaborative in terms of our efforts. The same phenomenon is happening with our subcontractors. So the combination of that gives us great confidence in the back half of the year. And why we’re bullish on the revenue outlook and why it’s in line, and in reference to John’s comments of, nothing has changed. We did secure a significant project kind of last week of the quarter and that will give us the ability to continue to execute in line with our previous comments and expectations on the business.
Dan Fisher: Sure, I mean, in the most -- in the simplest of terms, that’s roughly the construction of our revenue now. And we’re seeing it grow consistently across all product lines and channels at this point and so we see that continuing. We’re seeing equal number of innovations across all categories in all channels. I think the fact that a couple of the larger beverage companies are leaning into alcohol gives you some belief that it will -- alcohol will continue to represent a majority position of our volume concentration. But as, I think both John and I commented on this call, that 40% -- the wildcard within the 40% is going to be still water and the accumulation of that in the marketplace. So if the 40% grows at a higher clip, we’re all going to like that. Because we still believe everything’s going to grow in line with our expectations. It’s been consistent. That just means that we’re seeing further entrenchment and growth of new still water categories.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Thanks for that. I would say, first off, I think you’re hitting on an element that is still lost the followership. But every single category, every single customer and every channel is on allocation in our three biggest markets. So there is an impact to growth. I don’t know if it’s disproportionate to one category, because I don’t know what the ultimate sell-through of those products are. But we are contributing to some of the end customer growth targets and rates just by virtue of the fact that if we had more capacity, we’d be selling it through. To the second question, maybe I’ll turn it over to John…
Dan Fisher: Yeah. The new entrants that are coming into South America are 100% can entrance and that’s been happening over the last handful years. And so their influence and maybe, more importantly, how the end consumer is consuming products through the smaller retail channels and the mini marts in that part of the world. They like hands a lot more than they liked the historical return of returnable glass offerings and so we’ve seen a manifestation. To your point, if a new products coming out, it’s disproportionately coming out in cans. In Europe, that’s the lowest can penetration market in terms of substrate penetration anywhere in the world, for us outside of Mexico. And much the same, I think, there’s ample growth and away from plastic, from glass, from on-premise kegs through direct channels. So we’re seeing that, we’re seeing the can win. I don’t know that I could point to one particular category because we’re seeing it across every category. So there’s a heavier lane in terms of cans, and the thing that emboldens us and continues to sort of echoes John’s comments at the outset that, we are right in line with our expectations. Nothing has changed. We continue to see the filling operators, overweight to manufacturing can filling lines and that’s what’s getting purchased and that’s what’s getting implemented and installed everywhere around the world.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. I mean they’re all consistently up in that mid-to-high single digits. I think ever since the third quarter last year when things started to reopen, not as much as in the U.S., but folks have figured out a way through the direct channel or other avenues to get their beverage of choice and so we’ve seen consistent growth across the continent.
Dan Fisher: Yes. We have long-term contracts with all the major players there, especially on the brewery side. And those contracts were entered in alignment with adding this capacity. And so, the challenge is going to be the markets growing faster than when we were negotiating those terms a while ago. So we’re constantly monitoring that marketplace.
Dan Fisher: The U.K. and the Russia facilities, they can’t come online fast enough. I got tremendous confidence in the team’s ability to ramp those up. In terms of the Czech Republic, that market can sometimes be a little bit more volatile. But we’ve got again long-term contracts and a really good team executing there. I don’t anticipate the weight of startup costs to be in line with what we’re experienced in the U.S., simply because those facilities are a little smaller and the cost profile obviously in the Czech Republic in Russia are far different than the U.S. wage rate.
Dan Fisher: Yeah. Almost 100% capacity and then not to belabor at this point, but we were less efficient just simply because we didn’t have any inventory to buffer when things took off and a product was outpacing, some of our anticipated projections. So we left a couple -- I would imagine we’ve left a couple points of growth on the table in the second quarter, because of the combination of that. In the back half as these lines ramp up, we’ve got really good contracts there. We are in constant conversations with the customers. And they’re -- they can’t wait to get those cans. So I would expect accelerated growth in the back half of the year because of the capacity we put in place.
