Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. I'll focus my comments specifically on the fourth quarter and key metrics to keep in mind for 2021. Comparable fourth quarter 2020 diluted earnings per share were $0.81 versus $0.71 in 2019, an increase of 14%. Fourth quarter comparable diluted earnings per share reflects strong global beverage and aerospace segment results, a lower share count and lower interest expense, offset by higher corporate costs and start-up and labor costs, related to our new cups business and new U.S. beverage can facilities. Ball's balance sheet is very healthy with ample liquidity and flexibility in the current environment.  Taking into account the dynamic growth in our businesses and the necessary speed to market for ongoing initiatives, we invested $1.1 billion in CapEx in 2020, while also returning $275 million to our shareholders. All in, an excellent year. The business and balance sheet are strong. EVA dollars are growing, and we're ready for the next stair-step in growth.  As we sit here today, some additional key metrics to keep in mind for 2021. Our full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will be in the range of 19%. Full year interest expense will be in the range of $275 million, roughly flat with the past year. And full year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other nonreportable is expected to be in the range of $80 million as we support our larger and growing businesses.  Our 2021 cash from operations will continue to grow, in line with the earnings trajectory. And longer term, we see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 2025. As we discussed at last year's Investor Day, we'll be investing even more growth CapEx to expand aerospace facilities, beverage can production capacity in North America, EMEA and South America, while also investing in our aluminum cups business. And currently expect 2021 CapEx to be in excess of $1.5 billion. Beyond 2021, multiyear internal investments to serve organic growth and that returns well above our 9% after-tax rate will continue.  Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash and will prudently balance real-time growth opportunities, with consistent return of value to our shareholders. Given our growing operating cash flow, we're managing the business appropriately for the long term, investing capital with an eye on EVA returns, managing our balance sheet effectively, and with the flexibility of returning even more value to our long-term shareholders in 2021 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott Morrison: Sure. This is Scott. I'll take that. Yes. I mean, if you look at the $25 million of incremental cost, about half of that is start-up and about half of that is just increased labor to support the total growth in the business. If you look at it from that perspective -- and then also, remember, we were importing quite a few cans in the fourth quarter, and the margins on those incremental cans from a mix standpoint aren't going to be as good as what you would normally get. So as we ramp up this capacity, we'll need to do that less. And so margins will improve.  And the mix will improve over time, too, as most of the capacity we're putting in is specialty, so I would expect. And in 2021, we the profitability will grow. But remember, I think we mentioned that there's probably $50 million of start-up costs that we'll see in 2021 that will dampen those margins. You'll see most of that in the first half of the year as we ramp up these big facilities, Glendale and Pittston and start on Bowling Green as well. But I think long term, we're going to like these investments a lot because they've achieved much better than our 9% after-tax target.
Scott Morrison: Yes. Good question. I think it's where it's trending right now. It's general demand in the market. So I'll give you a little color and characterization of why this is happening. Obviously, there's a huge incumbent in Brazil that has historically leaned a little bit more into returnable glass. And a series of competitors have come in, and they've done really well with different offerings, principally in the beer space, all in cans. And I think they have, over the last 3 to 5 years, we've talked about and we've seen can penetration. I think the end consumer is kind of liking that. The grocery store and retail operators like that. They don't want to carry these returnable glass bottles. And so that influence has continued to grow, and I think the large incumbent is shifting as well to offer what the end consumer wants.  To characterize a -- I think what we were talking about back in our -- earlier this summer, when we were talking about or in 2020 when we had our shareholder day, Investor Day, we were characterizing growth. And we were thinking incremental lifts probably from the low 50s to the mid-50s in terms of can penetration. And so that delta versus a 60% to low 60, it could be 4 billion to 5 billion cans in the next 3 to 5 years. And so we are -- that number that we quoted today in our prepared comments, that was in the third quarter, I believe it was like in the high 60s. And so we're operating now in kind of what could be a more normalized run rate. But given COVID and everything that's going on, we'll have to see how that meters out over the next quarters and years. But we're still bullish on incremental advancement. And even at 60%, you referenced that versus North America where can penetration in the beer space is north of 70%. I think there's a real good opportunity to see that kind of get to 60, hover at 60, maybe even get to the upper ends there. But again, we'll have to follow that quarter-by-quarter.
Scott Morrison: Yes. Maintenance Capex, if you think about it per facility, I think a couple of million, $2 million, $3 million per facility, probably a year is a good number on the beverage side. We'll spend over $1.5 billion this year. We have a lot of opportunities and really nice EVA-generating returns. I think we could be at an elevated level in '23 as well. And then my crystal ball is not that great. But I would see it's starting to moderate some, but I think we're going to be at elevated levels here for at least the next couple of years.
Scott Morrison: That's a good point. And what I would also add is that we spent probably $250 million more this -- in 2020 than we had initially thought. And I look at that as really good because the faster we can get these assets up, the faster we can make cans and sell them at really nice margins.
Scott Morrison: No. On the Capex, I think a lot of it is just, to Dan's point, it's solidifying those contractual relationships with our customers that solidify our belief that the volume is going to be there. And so it's putting capacity in to meet those needs. So I wouldn't say it's dramatically different other than things are pulling forward probably from where we were before.
Scott Morrison: So yes, that still should be a good number. Because remember, when you start-up a plant, you're not going to get -- you have a ramp-up curve. And so it's going to take some time for that ramp-up curve to execute on and get to kind of a full run rate. And so when you put something in the ground today, especially with the new plant. If you're adding an incremental line, you get there a lot faster, obviously, like Fort Worth and Rome where we added lines last year, you move up that ramp-up curve much quicker. When you're doing something new, where you got a new workforce that hasn't made cans before. It's going to take a little bit more time to kind of get the real -- the top returns out of those out of those investments. So things that will start in 2021, get better in 2022 and '23. And so there's kind of a compounding effect as you move forward out beyond '23 to for all this capital.
John Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. In summary, our Drive for 10 vision served us very well over the past decade and indeed in 2020, whether it be broadening our geographic expansion, developing new customers, markets and products and doing so with a commitment to being close to our customers and with uncompromising integrity. Ball continues to be uniquely positioned to lead and invest in sustainable growth while delivering significant value to our shareholders as we embark upon our 141st year in operation.  As we sit here today, our ability to grow comparable diluted earnings per share greater than our long-term goal of 10% to 15% and achieve or exceed our EVA dollar growth goals of 4% to 8% per year in 2021 and beyond is certainly our expectation. Our teams working together will do everything possible to outperform, work safely and execute on capital investments. Our time is now, and we are thankful to look at 2021 as a year of promise and great opportunity. And with that, Dmitra, we're ready for questions.
John Hayes: Here's the beauty about our business. We have many levers to pull, and we can accelerate pull back depending on what happens in the market. We've looked at this over the last 25 years within our business and so what we see is an opportunity. And as we went into the COVID situation, we saw an opportunity to accelerate and that's exactly what we did. If -- as you look out '23, '24, '25, and we see an opportunity to accelerate or decelerate that, we've got plenty of levers to pull. And so when you think about, historically, our maintenance CapEx had been in the range of t $275 million, $300 million. It's creeping up, but it's not $500 million. And so we have a lot of growth capital and anticipate going forward, but we can always dial it back if the market dictates.
John Hayes: Yes. In addition to the new categories that Dan was just talking about, let's not forget about sustainability where can penetration is Europe is probably the lowest of any region around the world, certainly any major region around the world. And I talked in my prepared remarks about life cycle analysis and others. And you're going to see Ball Corporation put its shoulder really into getting the word out not only to customers and our -- the consumers but also to NGOs and government officials because it indeed is the most sustainable package out there.
John Hayes: And I think as it relates to capital spending that much more than we used to spend, we -- to Dan's point, on adding engineers, we've beefed up our capabilities to be able to do this. I mean you have to think differently as a growth company than we were 5, 6 years ago when we were growing. And so we've been investing in that over the past couple of years to reap these benefits. And so I think we're doing a much better job now than we were 1 year ago or 2 years ago in all of this.
John Hayes: Yes. And Phil, that's one of the reasons why we spent more in even 2020 than we were anticipated, and that's why the it's even that much more elevated in 2021 because as we sit here right now, to Dan's point, we are scrambling to service our customers. And we don't see that changing, and that's why we're putting our foot to the pedal to make sure that we're not leaving our customers short.
John Hayes: Ghansham, this is John. Let me answer your question a different way. And the question is, what has changed since the Investor Day? Nothing has changed other than we have greater conviction than what we talked about 4 months ago. And so what you're seeing is an acceleration of capital to take advantage of that. And to Dan's point is I wish I could tell you what 2024, it looks like, I can't. It's too far out there. But these trends are the strongest I've seen in my 20-plus years at Ball Corporation by far.
John Hayes: Yes. It's a great question. Here's how I'd reconcile it. Let's not forget that the aluminum container is the only container in a recycling stream that has economic value as we sit here today. You add on chemical recycling to plastic, you're just adding cost onto that. Many of our customers, we recognize that they have profit pools within the plastic industry and they're candidly trying to protect that. I would, too. I don't -- I completely understand where they're coming from. But the brutal reality is when you think about the amount of actually even usable recycled material in plastic, it's still in the single digits. Will chemical recycling change that? Yes, it could, but not on a wholesale basis because there's costs involved in doing that. And furthermore, it's not going to fundamentally change that we have a single-use plastic problem in the world full stop. And when you have recycling rates of beverage cans, above 70%, and we have publicly stated goals to try and get them as an industry above 90%, that means that you're not having any substantial product of aluminum going into landfills and otherwise polluting the environment, I think it's a tall put as we sit here right now to think about plastic and even get close to what we've already been achieving.
John Hayes: Great question, and my comments will be more qualitative because I can't point to specific data. But we've been spending much more time at home. And I think the consumer were at large, and we have done some research on that, is much more aware of the waste that we are creating because we have to throw it in our garbage cans every day. We're no longer, as we sit here today, as much of an on-the-go society than we were, and we didn't worry about that. So that's one data point that's important to point out. The other one is kind of the on-premise, off-premise because the off-premise has benefited at the expense of the on-premise. But our conversations with the on-premise suggest that when we go back, the question is, for example, in beer, how much draft is going to be there when you have glasses sitting there, and people are going to have concerns about the sanitization thereof. And so what we've been hearing and is that a lot of the on-premise is looking to go to much more single-use beverages, meaning cans and bottles. And so I don't know, Dan, if you have anything else to add, but those are 2 big data points we've been focused on.
John Hayes: And to Dan's point, we are capacity constrained right now. So if you're a still water company thinking about going into cans, it's very tight. That's one of the reasons why we've been accelerating our investments to kind of free up some capacity to really kind of push those things because right now, the reality is we don't have the cans to supply those people that are looking to go into it.
John Hayes: Perhaps strategic another way to think about it. Dan referenced it earlier. In our business, what we've talked -- and I'm talking more about the beverage can side of the business. But for every 1 percentage point increase in volume, over time, strategically, we ought to get a 2x flow through on the margin side of that. So Dan said we're going to be low double digits. So call it, just for discussion, let's just call it 10%. That ought to say, we -- in a perfect world, we ought to have a 20% earnings growth and that operating earnings growth. But that's in a perfect world, then we have the start-up costs. So reduce the start-up cost from that, I think that's a good basis by which to strategically think about this.
John Hayes: Yes. Just to -- think about the teas, the spike teas that are, I think you're going to see a big surge of those in 2021. Is that a spike seltzer or not? I think that's Dan's point. It doesn't matter. It's in the alcohol space and it's innovation in the can.
John Hayes: Well, to be honest, it's a bit of an apple and a pear for Ball Corporation. As you know, we're very big in South America. We're not all that big in Southeast Asia. We are I think our ability to grow, in some ways, limited by our resources. And it's not just the capital, it's the people, all the things that Dan has done a great job and really redefining our processes and reimagining to the onboarding of people, to the capital equipment and everything in between. I think so it gets down to a prioritization issue. And we see the returns in the places where we have the greatest leverage, which is North and Central America, EMEA and South America to be greater than Southeast Asia. Does that mean we're not looking Southeast Asia? Of course not. But we have partners in Southeast Asia, and we just think the greatest bang for the buck for us as shareholders are doing what we're currently doing right now.
John Hayes: It's growing very strongly. It's a great business, and we always look at those types of things. And we in the current environment, and we -- what we're trying to do is we will always -- let me answer it differently. We will always be looking at is to maximize the value to Ball corporation shareholders. And let's not forget that management and the Board of our company own well over $1 billion of Ball Corporation stock, actually, a couple of billion dollars. So as a result, we're focused on how to maximize the long-term value of our company. And if that means keeping it together, great. If that means there's a better way to play it, great. But as we see right now, we've got 3 different businesses, the beverage can business, aluminum aerosol business, aerospace business and soon-to-be a cups business that we all think are great. They're growing, and we have more opportunities right now than I've ever seen in my life at Ball.  Dmitra, I think we're all finished. So I want to thank everyone for your participation. Stay safe -- excuse me, be well, and we look forward to talking to you in a few months. Take care.
Daniel Fisher: No, that's a great question. I do think that you will see -- it will be interesting to see how seltzer plays in Europe, but there's clearly -- there's some underlying thinking that -- you're starting to see it show up in the U.K. that's a heavy can market there. Where it translates into other parts of that region, it will be interesting to see how that manifests. And I think you'll see it in South America as well. And then it's just to what degree is it successful, we'll have to wait and see with the scanning data.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. I'll answer the second question first. And you referenced Scott's comment earlier, yes, it will. And so a couple of things are happening. I'd say -- I can give you kind of fourth quarter, we were in the $400 million to $500 million can range Ball specifically about what was imported. And keep in mind, we're working with customers that we want to work with for decades here. So they're going to pay an exorbitant freight rate and things of that nature. We're working with our third-party JVs, et cetera. So we're trying to make this as comfortable as possible for them to get those cans on the shelf to continue to build the momentum with the can. So as Scott said, as this capacity comes online over the next couple of years, really we should see that kind of normalize, and you'll get back to a typical fall through 2x of volume growth on the leverage side.
Daniel Fisher: Yes, absolutely, full stop. And we've kind of -- we've been at this for 2 or 3 years, I would say, kind of when we started to lean in when we really started to see those -- we've referenced it several times, the new product introductions in North America as kind of a defining KPI for us relative to the big CPG companies leaning heavier into cans, the sustainability tailwinds that we're seeing. So I referenced it in my opening remarks. We've gone longer in terms of establishing supply agreements to make sure that capacity is there in the supply chain. We've also looked at some of the -- where we've stubbed our toes candidly, historically in new plant start-ups, and a lot of that had to do with -- we didn't hire far enough advance. We didn't train folks. We didn't plan for elements of attrition. So we started hiring more engineers. We started hiring a lot more folks in talent acquisition and training capabilities. We've made a lot of investments there. So you're right. These are big investments, big plants. And I think we've changed how we've operated or thought about operating and starting up facilities. And hopefully, you'll see that in the improved benefits on our start-up curves.
Daniel Fisher: Great question. I would -- so the building inventory, that's a bit of a dream scenario right now. We're not anywhere near that. And we might not be for next couple of years. We're going to be living hand-to-mouth, and we're heavily reliant on standing up capacity to meet our customer requirements. We will be servicing the excess demand similar to kind of how it showed up in the fourth quarter. We'll be we can find cans anywhere in our network around the world, we will be shipping in to make sure that our customers can lean into their new product launches and other things that will help grow the can long term. And again, this is, in my prepared remarks, I really leaned into this is not a quarter-to-quarter way we're looking at this. This is multiyear, significant growth, and we want to make sure that we give our customers what they need, when they need it right now to continue to lean into the can and continue to grow the can.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. The start-up was about half that in 2020, but then you have an increased labor base, too. Remember, our business is growing, not just with the start-ups, but we're backfilling a lot of jobs. So we're adding to the labor base. So year-over-year in the fourth quarter, that was up $13 million, $14 million. So we're getting -- trying to keep up and being prepared for us to be able to handle all this growth. And I think relative to inflation, yes, I think we're in a much better space than we were kind of at the initializing the Rexam acquisition in terms of what we've been building in terms of our contracts, terms and conditions. So yes, we're keenly aware of what's happening in the world relative to freight rates. And I think we're pretty well protected kind of across the board.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. I would say I've got a better line of sight into probably 2023. We just finished our strategic planning process here, and we've taken it out. And overwhelmingly, we're contracted on that $25 billion through 2023. So when that capacity comes online, it will be backstopped by, I can say, 80%, 85% is contracted. And that's the right we're at right now from a demand standpoint. The other 15, I might have -- might not have it inked, but there's plenty of folks that are willing to take that capacity.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. I think one thing, and I think John touched on this. We're -- I don't know what the size of the flex work, work-life balance has shifted in terms of a permanent shift, but that's a very real thing. And we're dealing with it here. I mean, we're a company that at 80%, 90% of our folks come to work historically before this happened, and we're very much going to be -- we've all realized that we can do our jobs from anywhere with the technology. And if you're doing those from home or you're doing those from your apartment or your studio, you're going to be drinking packaged goods. So the can will benefit, and that will be here for quite some time. I think the other thing that we're paying close attention to, and it probably goes without saying, but I'll restate it here. The market is incredibly tight. As a result of that, we know a number of our customers are limiting their innovation releases in cans.  So yes, there's been a lot of new products that have come on to the market. They've overwhelmingly been in cans, but there have been an awful lot of other products because they can't find cans that haven't been released. And so even if there's going to be a shift in terms of consumption patterns and volume and folks do go back to bars, we understand that, that's going to happen. I think there's still an awful lot of pent-up demand and innovation that is going to, hopefully, offset that. And in aggregate, when we look at that, again, this is why we think what we said at our Investor Day, we're there or thereabouts or potentially even better, depending on what happens with these end-consumer behavior patterns coming out of COVID.
Daniel Fisher: Sure. The products that were in existence are doing well. I mean, double-digit growth coming off of a low base. The issue, as you said, has a lot more to do with the retailers, not -- they've consistently quarter-over-quarter pushed off, adopting new products just to manage the accelerated velocity and all the other products that are on their shelves and making sure those supply chains are robust. So we're still having very positive conversations, and we look forward to when we get out of this COVID environment that you'll see a lot of those innovations coming online and some fairly significant well-recognizable brands. So...
Daniel Fisher: Yes, it's a great question. I -- and we touched on this in a little detail at the Investor Day. So if I go back to how I was characterizing or how we were thinking about, it's really -- we look at alcohol innovation. So spike cells is a part of that. And we know there's all sorts of innovation that's happening in that space. So it's -- do we think spike is going to continue to grow at 200%? No. It's -- there is a spot where we think it gets to, and many people have referenced kind of light beer market share kind of in that range. Okay. Maybe. But we're -- George, we've talked about this a number of times. We're still incredibly bullish on the alcohol space on the fact that spirits are shifting into cans, which was unheard of for a decade plus. And so the more innovation that's showing up into cans in the alcohol space, I think you're going to start to see I don't know what we're going to call it spike or something else. But I think you'll continue to see new innovation coming out in cans, and that should benefit us.
Daniel Fisher: Yes, thanks for that question. Let me characterize the fourth quarter and these aren't misprints. I referenced these a couple of times, I think. In the U.K., we saw growth for the can of 17% in the fourth quarter. In Germany, we saw 17%. Spain, 15%; Italy, 13%; we even saw 10% growth in France and Russia continues to be kind of north of 15%. So it's really everywhere. I think you asked about Northern Europe, but it's everywhere in Europe. The million dollar question, the million dollar EVA question that you asked is what's happening in Europe, which is different than North America and South America, North America and South America got tight, a lot tighter, a lot faster over the last 18 months. And we're starting to see that in Europe right now. And that's sort of what you need in order to reevaluate the landscape of your contracts. I will tell you at the gross profit line, we do really well in Europe. So I think it's -- it may be as much to do with tightening the terms and conditions, like we have had the opportunity to do with in other parts of the world. But it's certainly something we're focused on and engaged with, with our team there. And we're kind of at the precipice of having a market that looks similar to the other regions in terms of how tight it is to potentially be able to influence, so I don't know if that helps.
Daniel Fisher: Yes. It's a great question. I think in Brazil, particularly, there is -- you're dealing with tax structures and the longevity of what the folks that you would expect to see significant shifts or a more normalized package mix, a lot of it just has to do with where they make their money and the profit pools associated with that. Having said that, sustainability is becoming more and more something that all of the countries in South America are concerned about. And that will continue to build and put pressure on helping to make that shift. I think we need a combination of a more neutral tax structure on the different disparate profit pools, coupled with sustainability trends to continue to improve. The one thing that's incredibly bullish, though, is, as you said, the overwhelming beverage market for cans in beer, and that pack mix continues to shift to cans. And a lot of new innovation is coming out in the alcohol market in cans as well. So not too dissimilar to what you've seen in the last decade, North America, more recent from an innovation standpoint. So even if CSD, for instance, doesn't shift, we're in a really good growth pace for the next 5 years plus.
Daniel Fisher: Yes, it's a great question. I mean, again, similar to a number of data points, where we saw this kind of tailwind and growth trajectory several years ago. And learned through difficult times with the previous administration and tariffs that we needed a more robust and a more global surety of supply chain as it relates to rolling mills. We have north of 20 different contracts around the world with mills. And so we're in a good spot. It may not be localized exactly where we want it, depending on performance of all the mills, but we have access to metal, which is the most important thing right now. And all the conversations we're having with the supply base, ,to your point, it's get it where we're making the cans, get it close to the facilities, get it close to where the recycling and scrap stream is because all of that going to enable us to step into all these tremendous attributes of the can. We need it local. We want it to be circular. And I think we'll start to see some more investment in North America, in particular, as it relates to that.
Daniel Fisher: Well, 2Q and even parts of 3Q were don't underestimate. There's still a bunch of countries over there. It's not Europe. And COVID certainly had impacts on the freight side and what channels were open, et cetera. So I think 4Q was a more normalized consumption behavior pattern, number one. And I would say the U.K. was CSD and beer grew. But when you talk about Italy, Spain, Russia, that's heavy beer, and heavy beer growth. And then the rest of the market is -- it's overwhelming beer, but in some spots like the U.K., you saw nice growth in other categories.
