John A. Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business reported improved first quarter results driven by solid contract performance and the initial ramp-up related to our growing backlog. Congratulations again to the entire aerospace team for winning even more work since our last call, despite continued government contracting issues. Our aerospace business will see a nice step-up quarter-on-quarter as we roll in the new contracts. Now, across the company, and as we look forward, our team continues to be focused on achieving the financial benefits from the acquisition, optimizing our packaging, manufacturing network and beverage, food and aerosol, and managing the growth and investment in our aerospace business. Scott mentioned our 2017 goals, and nothing has changed since our January call that would warrant any changes to our targets. By 2019, we continue to aspire to generate $2 billion of comparable EBITDA, and generate in excess of $1 billion of comparable free cash flow. For those of you who have known Ball over the years, we lever up to get a deal done, rapidly de-lever, spend any necessary growth capital on high returning projects, and then return our free cash flow to our fellow shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And that time-tested financial strategy is exactly what we plan to do. And with that, Kathy, we're ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, Anthony, this is John. I'll try and tackle that. It's – we run it as a system. So sometimes, it's difficult to parse it out. But I'll give you a couple of observations. Recall that this time last year, we're really just getting our Monterrey, Mexico facility up and running. So we are actually shipping cans from the United States into Mexico to backfill that ramp-up. With Monterrey up and running right now, that's not happening. And so, when you look at CMI data, that excludes Mexico, it doesn't include shifts like that, that you would see. The second thing I would say here in North America you – excuse me, here in the United States, what you're seeing is, as we talked about, we're having very strong – continued strong growth in the craft segment, we're up 26% or so in the first quarter. A lot of the mainstream brands by the domestic producers continue to be off a couple of percent. It's a soft drink despite 12-ounce continue to be declining overall as a segment and for us, it was up driven by the specialty containers, which is good. And so, Mexico has been growing relatively strong for us just because we're on the back of many of our customers down there that are doing quite well. So hopefully, that gives a little flavor of it all.
John A. Hayes: Well, recall from the very beginning, we said, we're not going to get into this parsing out, because we're not going to have a bunch of accountants running around, trying to track down everything. I think the best way to say it is we standby what we talked about in terms of our targets around 2017 and 2019, and we did talk about that we're going to be chasing, we're economically incentivized for all of us to be chasing as many of the cost and revenue synergies that we can get at and you should expect that's exactly what we're going to do.
John A. Hayes: I would say yes. Yes to all that. As we were – as we kind of came into the year, obviously, it's a seasonally slow quarter and from a volume perspective, we were having – we finished the year in Brazil a little bit softer. It really started to come back in the second half of the quarter, which is quite strong. I mentioned some of the trends in North and Central America. A very strong beer volume particularly down in Mexico, even CSD volumes on the specialty side offsetting many of the declines (17:12) and even in Europe, while there was nothing overly exciting in Europe, it was kind of as an industry and as Ball, we were growing a couple percent, which is right in line. And so, I think that was part of it. And then our integration efforts continue to go well. We've got – still have a lot of work in front of us. Maybe I'll turn it over to Scott in a minute from a G&A and the integration and talking about some of the investments we're making that will help us pull out some of the G&A as we go forward, but I think overall from a cost perspective, from a best practice sharing perspective, from a sourcing perspective, from G&A, I think we're making progress, though.
John A. Hayes: Yes. And just to amplify a little bit on what Scott said on the G&A side and centralizing some of this, when you go to centralize and take things out of the various facilities would have been done much more locally and/or regionally, sometimes you have redundant costs, because you first have to set up a centralized capability before you can look at taking some of the cost out at the plant level, and that's the process we're in right now.
John A. Hayes: No. Yes, I think, to be honest, it's too early to tell. We are right where we expected, and as I said in my prepared remarks, relative to what we told the world in January, nothing has changed at all. I do think that as you all know that we make a fair amount of our money in the second and the third quarter and so the next couple of quarters will largely determine where we'll be in the range, but I think it's premature to speculate about what part of that range we're going to be in.
John A. Hayes: Yes, Scott, I'll take this. With respect to your first question, yes, the second quarter and even the third quarter are the two seasonally slow quarters and it depends year-to-year, which one is a little bit slower, so it's too premature to tell. But as Scott had mentioned in his remarks, are we at the bottom in terms of overall economic growth in Brazil? Perhaps too early to tell, but the tone and tenor feels a bit better now than it did three months ago. In terms of your question about package mix, I can tell you the can continues to take share in there. Again just to give you some facts here; the beer consumption in the first quarter in Brazil, like happened in last year, it decreased 2.1%, but despite that the aluminum can was up almost 4% in there. So by definition, we are taking share. You know, soft drink, it declined 9%, the can was off about that much as well, so I don't think there's a lot of movements, but we do continue to see the can taking share relative to other substrates in Brazil, particularly on the beer side.
John A. Hayes: No, I think what you just described is exactly what we're doing; we're focusing on mix, and we're focusing on the cost side. And on the mix side that we've got a great network of specialty that we believe is under-levered. And so as we go to really push and take the strategy that we've done in North America, and move it over to Europe, to really creating greater profit pools for our customers by using our specialty network, that's one area of value that we're focused on. The other one is on the cost side, and whether it's on everything from operating cost to SG&A cost to plant efficiencies to sourcing, we're focusing on all those things. And we said it's going to take – it'd be a multiyear program, we're right in the midst of it, we see nothing that changes what our aspirations and goals are around that.
John A. Hayes: Yes. I honestly think, it's all of us are looking into a crystal ball. Economically, it's volatile there, I know the middle class continues to struggle, employment's around – unemployment, excuse me, is around 13% and it really hasn't moved all that much. I know retail sales are flat to down a little bit. That really needs to change in the second half of the year. And I'm no economist, but speaking to people there, most people think that the worst is behind us. The question is, will there be a rebound or will it just be stagnant, and that's a $24,000 question.
John A. Hayes: Yes. The volumes continue to be reasonably strong, but don't read into too much, anytime you have – given the supply chain months and months, particularly in environments like Brazil can shift relatively quickly there. So I know you're trying to look at the acceleration of momentum. I would temper you a little bit there because we are entering into a seasonally slow period of time.
John A. Hayes: Yes. And with the volume trends that we see not only now, but obviously we need to have the right weather this summer. But in all the various regions that we laid out before, we continue to see good volume trends in that and that will be a big determinant. But as we sit here right now from both an operating earnings perspective, and Scott said it from an EPS perspective, we don't think the added undistributed cost really impact anything we said.
John A. Hayes: Yes. And remember, the first quarter relative, Scott mentioned that there was kind of three buckets. Two of the three arguably were one-time items and – certainly the higher stock-based incentive was a one-time kind of catch-up. And then as I said we're kind of pre-investing at a centralized G&A level to take things out of the regions. And then, the third thing in terms of legacy pension, that will continue to grow.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think we talked a lot about this at our Investor Day back in December. Nothing has really changed. I think there is great opportunity in all three of our product lines, the beverage can, the food and aerosol and the aerospace. On the beverage can side, a lot of the trends over the first couple of years we said, we're really going to be focusing on going after the value capture that we identify, but there is still growth. We talked about Spain as a good example and this continued move in the specialty, where we've got a footprint that we think we can leverage to the benefit of our customers and that is exactly what we're going to be doing. Beyond that, that we talked earlier on the call about the can is winning relative to other substrates. We see that as a secular movement and we're going to try to do as best we can to take full advantage of that in every region in we operate and continue to look at other emerging regions that we think the can could perform well there. On the aerosol side, as we mentioned, aerosol volumes in the quarter I think, were a good representation. We were up very strongly in that. The only place we were a bit down was down in Argentina and that largely had to do with the Zika virus a year ago, when we weren't selling as many disinfectant cans. And then on the aerospace side, we continue to do some great things and win some great work and as we talk about, as the program started up, some of the margins started to go down a little bit only because the way the accounting works. But we are very well-positioned to have a multiyear run in that business. So all those things, you never know, what happens in the global environment and global economy. But as we look out three years, four years, five years, we continue to see all those trends developing in a way that we're going to try and take full advantage of.
John A. Hayes: Yes, those are both volatile types of places. We've had our own challenges in China as you know over the past couple of years. The volumes were down in that segment, low double digits kind of 10% or 11%. But that was again seasonally slow and had to do a little bit with Chinese New Year and some other things like that. We see no fundamental changes going on in that. I know, the overall market was a little flat, but we chose not to make cans, that we would be losing money on. And then on EMEA, it's so many different regions everywhere from Turkey to Egypt to Saudi and other places, that was down as well, but again that was, I think, that was more a one-time related, in terms of some of the political issues we've seen. So I don't read into that too much. And we still think that area shows some promise.
John A. Hayes: Well, that's great that our government was able to get through a budget resolution at least for the next five months, which is good. And because stability in terms of predictability around those things help, through any transition we've gone the – the government's gone through a pause because there is a lot of turnover on the people side of it and we're a little bit behind the curve and having new people and seats, but as we look out, like we said over the last couple of quarters, we see the most amount of opportunities I've ever seen in my time here at Ball Corporation, for aerospace and we're going to continue to bid on those types of things, but it's all predicated on us executing very well and we have been doing that and great execution creates great opportunities and that's where we sit right now.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think, we've discussed almost all of them and so I'd just ask you maybe when the transcript comes out, you can review it again and see if you have any questions you can give us a buzz, because we did largely cover them, but overall, I think, we're relatively pleased with the volume trends we've seen to start off the beginning of the year.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think, the acquisition – nothing has changed relative to the acquisition of what we've always tried to do and we'll try and do. We've discussed in the past that we always try and give value for our products and services and everything that we do and that could include price, it could include tighter order call-offs, it could include helping our customers becoming more efficient using cans on their lines, it could include mix that I talked about earlier on the call. As we all know, 12 oz is a very competitive package and where we compete with others. We're trying to be the leaders, but you got to be realistic in terms of our customers' alternatives. But what we try to do over the past number of years, particularly here in North America and we're spreading it out, South America is doing well and Europe we still have more work to do, is trying to help our customers expand the profit pools of the products, so that we can all win. Whether better graphics in the craft beer segment, different can sizes in CSD, for example that are going well, so far this year, new can formats, penetration like sparkling water, energy drink markets, or even bottles for both beer and non-alcoholic areas. So, if we can help our customers grow their profit pools, it's going to be helpful to us as well.
John A. Hayes: Yes. What we said, we said earlier in the call, but what we also said nine months ago that we're not going to get into parsing out of synergies, because you have to get more accounts to track that down, what we standby is, what our targets are in terms of 2017, 2019 and beyond, related to our comparable EBITDA, as well as our free cash flow. And, we did say that in 2017, the majority of the synergies would be coming in the back-half of the year, and we standby what we said.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. And just amplifying, Scott, remember that we announced the closure of the Charlotte facility and it kind of happens mid-year, so that's really the third quarter and fourth quarter.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. We talked a lot about the – in prior calls about the sourcing side of it where we really didn't get any benefit in the first quarter. We're going to get some, but not a full run rate benefit in the second quarter, and as we move to the third quarter and fourth quarter, that's when it'll really start to show up. I think a lot of the operational improvements in terms of best practice sharing at the plants, those take time to mobilize and rally the people and it really gets down to the manufacturing side, and as you know, our high season in the second quarter and third quarter, so as we go through the year, we're going to get more and more of that. So, qualitatively, those are the types of things why we continue to say it's going to be in the second half. But we don't want to get pinned down as a 30:70 or 40:60 because the reality is we're driving real hard to show up with a comparable EBITDA and free cash flow we set for 2017 and 2019 and beyond.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. But let me give you an example, I think as someone asked earlier about the amount of Rexam earnings. In North America here, we're running it as a – North and Central America, we're running it as a system. And so, we've moved volumes around into the various plants to optimize that from a freight and logistics perspective. And as we do that, we realize that there is inventory opportunities both on the raw materials side as well as the finished goods side. And so, that's just one area, in addition to focusing on the receivables and focusing on the payables.
John A. Hayes: Well, mid-single digit sounds a touch higher to me, but let's take a step back and think about all the trends that we've talked about, because there is – it's really in line with some of the long-term trends we talked about. We talked about in North America is relatively flat, you've got 12 lines declining, but you have specialty increasing. We talked about Mexico doing quite well in part, because of the domestic consumption and in part because of the exports in the United States that continues to grow. We talked about long-term South America being in kind of the 3% to 5% range just kind of right where the first quarter was, we talked about Europe, kind of in the 2% to 4% range, 1% to 3% depending on what location in Europe, that's exactly where it's coming in. I think what was little bit soft was EMEA and China, but again, those are volatile markets, so you never really look quarter-to-quarter and structurally what we see is nothing fundamentally different there. So, I don't think anything was way out of line and as we go forward and laugh, if you will, the closing date of the acquisition, I think some of those trends longer-term are remain intact now. Will any given quarter be a deviation from one of those things for some reason or another, I'm sure, it will, but I think as a system around the world, we continue to believe that the can is going to take share from other substrates.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. For the avoidance of doubt, our European business was up 2.5%; 2.8% or so. Our South American business was around 3% increase and our North and Central America was up about 5%. And I think Scott mentioned that, so...
John A. Hayes: And then EMEA and Asia were down as I mentioned Asia – excuse me, China was down about 10%, 11% and EMEA was down as well.
John A. Hayes: Great. Thank you, Kathy. Well, thank you all for your interest. And we look forward to talking with you as we go forward and looking for the next quarterly conference call as we enter this important summer season. Thank you.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. And even the aerospace backlog, I mean it continues to be incredibly strong, and we chase more work. I think on the some of the projects that we're going after as it relates to corporate costs, I think we're finding a lot of opportunities to streamline, centralize, standardize things. And those types of things will take a little bit more time to have a benefit, but we're feeling really good about those opportunities. And on the working capital front, our sourcing teams, treasury, the operations, I think we're finding a lot of opportunities, to get after it, it's just a question of when those things will show up, will we get benefit in 2017, or how much benefit will we get in 2017, and how much will we get beyond.
Scott C. Morrison: No. And you are comparing – it's not helpful to compare Europe year-over-year because we have two different businesses.
Scott C. Morrison: Got it. There was just a – there's a difference in interest rate assumptions that will impact 2017 going forward. Our pension cost in total, if you think about the company in total, it's not at all different than what we thought, it's just in different buckets.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. The number I gave was a full quarter number, it was actually down in January, February and then it bounced back in March. So, it actually – coming out the of quarter was at a much higher run rate than that.
Scott C. Morrison: The tax rate – yes, maybe, if you think about it, I gave a little bit lower tax rate by a couple of 100 basis points versus the original tax base or the tax rate would offset it.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes. I think they were higher in the first quarter. They'll come down as we move through the back half of the year.
Scott C. Morrison: And despite softer volumes, the financial performance was right in line with what we expected there. Both those regions are going to do a good job of cost out. So the financial performance will be fine.
Scott C. Morrison: We'll get more on the back-half than they will in the front-half. We're going to get – the 150 run rate is still going to – is still good. We haven't seen much of that other than the closure of Millbank in the first part of the year and then a lot of the other things that we've been working on start to run through our P&L in the second quarter, but you're not going to see the benefit of those things until we get to the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. First with – we said we were down more than the overall market, but there was no share loss. All of our customers, every customer is a bit different, but it's a very seasonally slow quarter, in some of our quarter our customers just weren't pulling as much as we had expected. So, I wouldn't read into that too much. As for the pack, as we go to summer, it's too early to tell. It's beginning of May and plantings are just starting to go in many of our customers and so, we'll be able to update you as we go through the summer on that. And then your last question about cost savings, remember we had a very big cost saving, a big project about the closure of our Weirton, West Virginia facility and investment on the cutting and coating side in the Canton, Ohio. Weirton, West Virginia didn't officially close until the end of March, but we've gotten no benefits of that. So, as we go forward, that's where we see a lot of the improvement to come from.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. In terms of the ramp up, it's really no different than historically what we've seen. And remember, we really do three businesses in that, we've got a – I'll call it as the traditional satellite business, we've got a components business which is the tactical products, things that go in the Joint Strike Fighter for example and then we have a services businesses. The first two, the satellites and the tactical products is really where we've been winning the preponderance of the work and majority of those types of things, it spread out, but majority of them are cost plus in nature. And so, as you get started on these new programs, the margins that show up are a little bit less because as you de-risk the programs, that's when the margins start to increase. And so, I think our margins in the first quarter were slightly down relative to last year. It was wholly expected because of these new startups and as we go through over the next couple of years, you should see an improvement in those margins as we de-risk these programs that are just starting now. In terms of the opportunity set, we've talked about this in the past, some of our capabilities are exactly what the U.S. government needs right now. A lot of it's in the classified world, so we can't talk about it, but when you think about the needs for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance and you also see in terms of the budgets being relatively restricted, they need more for less and the exquisite maybe important, but sometimes we can do something at a cost basis that's a little bit less than what other people can do. And I think the government in this environment is looking for new ways of doing business with them, and that's where it falls into our sweet spot.
Scott C. Morrison: We're running it out of the system, so I mean, the obvious would be to look at Brazil where we acquired a much bigger business than what we had before, so the vast majority of that would be what we acquired in Europe, we exchanged a large degree – a new business and sold our old business, so it's an apple and a pear there. And then North America, we're running it from an integrated standpoint, we're now looking at it as these are Rexam earnings and these are Ball earnings, they're all Ball earnings. So, we don't really look at it that way.
Scott C. Morrison: It was really – we've done this historically a number of times, when we get to this range and splitting the stock without a nice juice of the dividend doesn't really do much. So it was really about confidence in our cash flow going forward and liquidity in the shares. We will continue to be – once we de-lever to the point we've talked about, we will be an aggressive acquirer of our shares. So creating more liquidity in the stock helps, so splitting the stock and bumping the dividend is a sign that we feel pretty good about where we're at and where we're going.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. I think it will be better than that. I think our teams, treasury, sourcing, the operations are all working great together. And we're an EVA company, we acquired pretty big businesses that didn't focus on EVA, and didn't focus on their capital base. And when you get people focused on working capital and what we can do and people get paid off of EVA, I think we're finding no shortage of opportunities, it's really a question of the execution – the timing of the execution of those opportunities and how much will show up in 2017 and then how much will show up beyond 2017.
Scott C. Morrison: You know, receivables, payables, inventory, I mean every – I'm not going to get by region, by segment.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. Well, first, we've got a relatively – not relative, we have a large position down in South America, and we do business with every major customer down there. And so, I think it's safe to say as the mark goes, so do we. So I wouldn't really focus on over-weighted one customer relative to the other because we're big with many of the customers down there. With respect to the new competitor coming in, as I said, the overall, the market was down a little bit last year. It's actually come back strongly particularly as we move through the first quarter and it's obviously going into a seasonally slow, but we see some tightness in there and I don't want to comment on what the customer activities, we're focusing on what we can do. The other thing we really haven't talked about is we always focused just on Brazil. We also acquired a business in other regions as well including Argentina and Chile and have the ability to serve multiple of markets in that and the can continues to gain share in those markets as well and so that's one of the areas we're also focused on.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. We'll – again Russia is – the first quarter is seasonally slow, Russia is going okay right now. There is nothing magical about it, it's a slow quarter, but then it was up a little bit in the first quarter. We expect for the full-year it to be up modestly as a lot of the trends we've talked about earlier and our capacity I think it's in reasonably good shape right now. And so as we look to it – it is different than the business in Europe that we used to have, because it is more weighted to the second quarter and third quarters and it was the first quarter and the fourth quarters, and we're just about to enter into the that seasonally strong period, but nothing – no big deviations from expectations. That's the way to say it.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, I'm still trying to go through your math, but I got to be honest. I don't think my computer could work that fast. But in all seriousness, what we standby everything we said, which is 20 – what we said, it was $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, it's too early to say, where we're going to end up in that. We've got our most strongest quarter is coming in front us over the next two quarters. So it's premature to really talk about that. But we laid out what we thought for interest expense, what we laid out for the tax rate, what we laid out for the share count. And when you do all – and then we also talked about 20% to 30%, when you kind of do all that math, I don't disagree with exactly what you said.
