Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. Comparable first quarter 2021 diluted earnings per share was $0.72 versus $0.61 in 2020, an increase of 18%. First quarter comparable diluted earnings per share reflects strong global beverage results, favorable FX, lower interest expense, and a lower effective tax rate offset by previously discussed higher year-over-year corporate, labor, and startup costs to support business growth and marketing costs to drive the aluminum cup launch. Ball's balance sheet is very healthy with ample liquidity and flexibility. As we sit here today, some additional key metrics to keep in mind for 2021. Our full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will now be in the range of 18%. Full year interest expense will be in the range of $275 million and full year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable are now expected to be in the range of $90 million. We continue to see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 2025. Our 2021 cash from operations will grow in line with the earnings trajectory and be aided by a source in working capital. We expect 2021 total CapEx to exceed $1.5 billion and returns on capital beyond our 9% after tax hurdle rate will follow through as new growth capital projects become operational later in the year and in the years to come. Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash and as fellow owners and in alignment with our EVA discipline will proudly balance real-time growth opportunities with consistent return of value to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Given the first quarter strength and approaching our net leverage target range as we progress through 2021, I see returning that value in a more meaningful way sooner, rather than later. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott Morrison: Yes. The north – this is Scott. North and Central America businesses where we felt most of that. The store costs were 10 million plus and startup costs of about 12 million in the quarter. And then we spent an additional incremental, probably $4 million over what we were planning to spend in cups as we wrap up that national retail launch. And then the aerospace impact was probably in the range of $7 million in total.
Scott Morrison: Well, I think all, all of the above really. I mean, the customer demand is not waning in any way. In fact, it continues to firm up. I think our execution has gotten better. I think, you look at North America, the wrap-up of these two new facilities has been better than expected. So I think we're getting better at all of that. And the opportunities, frankly, if we can pull them forward and get these things running faster we'll like it better.
Scott Morrison: Yes, I think, well, on the first half of the year, we'll have – we have more startup costs than what we had last year, obviously. And then we'll start to get the benefit of that in the third quarter, we'll exit in the fourth quarter with much more strength. So I think it's more backend weighted. I think the performance in South America and Europe in particular continue to be very strong throughout the rest of the year. I mean, they've really surprised to the upside. And I think North America will be in the first half year, again, more heavily with startup costs and then start to accelerate in the back half of the year. 
Scott Morrison: Yes, I think that what we experienced in the first quarter, hopefully doesn't repeat as we go forward to Dan's comment about having more people onsite, the supply chain, getting better, COVID issues reducing that should accelerate their improvement in as we move through the rest of the year.
Scott Morrison: And on the return of value to shareholders, George, we performed better in the first quarter than our expectations. So, we think that momentum continues looking through the remainder of the year. So, as we sit here today, we think we can accelerate, bring forward the return of value to shareholders while still investing a $1.5 billion of capital. So, I would target kind of buybacks in the $0.5 billion range for the remainder of the year, for this year. And then I think it accelerates into next year.
Scott Morrison: Yes, I mean, we're 45% of the U.S. market. So, you can probably take our growth rate and take the others and divide back to you, I'd say it's north of 6%, it's probably in the 8% to 9% range. And keep in mind for us, it would have been more. We had one significant customer who had a disruption in the quarter pretty significant from a volume perspective. And so, beer was approaching 1% growth. Our beer volume was down 8%. So, if we were more in line with flat to slight growth on our major beer customer, you would have seen double digit growth in the first quarter. I think there was an anomaly built in there. And I'm excluding the winter storm altogether. And even with that let's not forget we were short cans for the market. We could be selling more than we have. And so right now it's capacity constraint. And that's why we're so focused on getting this new capacity up and running.
Scott Morrison: Yes, it's a good question. Combination of how many additional conversions, how many additional label changes, et cetera. We're trying to earmark something in that kind of one to three productivity improvements. But when you look at the level of complexity as an end consumer, that's showing up the number of new products, the number of new labels, the number of new cans sizes, all of that meets against the productivity. So, if you can fundamentally stay flat, you are doing pretty darn good. You just need to be able to make sure you can charge for that.
Scott Morrison: Yes, I don't know that there are tailwinds because we're oversold. And every single can – even in the first quarter, every single cam we could make, we can sell. I was just talking about the categories and the shift relative to that. So, the winter storm had an impact. I don't know how you can recover. The only way we could step up volume versus what we've characterized here is have our new facilities and new investments come online faster, add more efficient rates than we've seen historically. We've got a pretty impressive startup curve. That's already built-in place that's in here, but I wouldn't underestimate our people to do better. But at this point in the year, it's premature to characterize that there's a lot more on the table that we could see recovery in the back half of the year versus what we gave up in the first.
Scott Morrison: Now we've historically said, whatever we grow on the top line, we should double that in terms of a percentage growth on the operating earnings line, exclude startup costs and some of the inefficiencies with the storm. I think we're more or less there across the Board globally. The things that can impact and influence it are hopefully what we're continuing to see is strengthening of the contracts. Supply demand tightness allows you to improve your terms and conditions. That gives us a better chance for success in our plants. And there's just a more predictable nature to that flow through moving forward, I believe, as we get capacity put online. Yes. And also mix plays an important part of that as well.
Scott Morrison: Yes, good question. I think we were talking specifically about the seltzer movement. There were countless questions on that. Well we see that in other parts of the world. By everything we're seeing and hearing it will show up in Europe, in Western Europe first. I know capacity is being added. I'll go back to my comments that everyone is on allocation over there, we're oversold. So, I think, innovations are – it will be a longer supply chain and a longer pipeline for those to show up in a meaningful way. But they are out, they are in the market, specifically in the UK. In South America we are seeing innovation. I don't think you can underestimate within beer, the beer category, there has been a huge shift into different ingredients, craft beer, hops from Europe, all of that has been transitory in the last three to four years and it has now changed the landscape altogether. Those disruptors in the marketplace that started there all came out in cans. And that was really the tipping point for the incumbents that had returnable glass to kind of wake up to the fact that we probably need to match what's happening because we're losing share. And so, your comment is right, it is returnable glass, but the returnable glass shift, I could probably characterize it, it came as a result of innovation and innovation in the cans. And we see that there's still plenty of room for that to grow. I think I indicated in my prepared remarks, only 51% can penetration in the first quarter. And that's down from north of 60% in the third quarter last year. And that's just a function of tight supply from cans in the marketplace.
Scott Morrison: Yes, so just one thing on the margins, just be careful on margin percentage, because if you look at metal costs year-over-year, there's going to be huge variations. There was a 24% difference in the first quarter of this year versus last year higher. It will be even more dramatic than that in the second quarter. So, you are going to see weird things from a margin percentage standpoint, but to Dan's point, I think, we have good passthrough mechanism, but it shouldn't impact our earnings dollars.
Scott Morrison: Okay. Well, thank you all. France, thanks for your guidance on the call. I appreciate everyone's input and we'll be speaking to you soon. See you all.
John Hayes: Great. Thanks Scott, and thanks Dan. In summary, our Drive for 10 vision serves us very well, whether it be broadening our geographic expansion, developing new customers, markets, and products, and doing so with a commitment to being close to our customers and with uncompromising integrity. Following our strong first quarter results and outlook for the remainder of the year, we're even better positioned to exceed our comparable diluted earnings per share long-term goal of 10% to 15% and exceed our EVA dollar growth goals of 4% to 8% per year in 2021 and beyond. We will work together to do everything possible to work safely, execute on capital investments, drive the circular economy and generate significant earnings, cash, EVA, and value for our shareholders. And with that, France, we're ready for questions.
John Hayes: I do for 2022, it looks like latest forecast, what we're seeing. There'll be a modicum of import cans still for our customers if they continue to – if demand profiles continue in line with our expectations nowhere near the size and the scale that we dealt with here over the last couple of years. But there was still be an oversold element heading into 2022, even with all the capacity that I indicated.
John Hayes: Yes, just a case in point on that is talk about that the new hires we've had over the last 18 months or so. We probably in the beverage can business, I'll put aerospace aside. We probably hired over 3,000 people that is unprecedented in our business relative to what we have done in the past. We've talked a lot about these “startup costs.” It's really training costs at the end of the day. If you recall, three, four or five years ago, as a lessons learned where some of the footfalls we had in terms of our startups is we didn't bring people on early enough, and we didn't give them a chance to succeed from day one. We've been accelerating the hiring and training and development of those people six months prior to what we would have done a couple of years ago. And I think to Scott's point, we've been executing quite well as we're starting up these plants. And I think we're giving them a better shot at success.
John Hayes: Yes, I would look at it in terms of incremental output on kind of a mega line concept. So you would get additional capacity on the existing infrastructure, but we can scale the lines and within the footprint. And so we can do it much faster and much cheaper than had we taken a historical approach to it.
John Hayes: And when we initiated those – the $2 billion EBITDA number, we also weren't contemplating a cups business, which clearly we're forward investing in right now. So that should give us a whole another revenue stream moving forward.
John Hayes: Hey, George, this is John. I may just add two things and amplify what Dan said. Number one, don't forget over the last 12 months. Innovation has really been on the sidelines particularly because the retail side of it they were just trying to fill up their stores with the basic needs. And so there was a lot of innovation that's pent up right now and to Dan's point, we're seeing it. The other thing is it gets to this real circularity that we talked about in our prepared remarks. It's real, it's here, there is a number of various anti-plastic at the state level laws that are either being enacted or being debated right now at a level that historically we haven't seen. And so, I think, that momentum continues. And I think there is increasingly by the consumer into a degree, our customers, a recognition that when you have the aluminum beverage can, which is the most sustainable package in the world, that there is an alternative to this. And as people are trying to reach their 2030 CO2 reduction goals, and sometimes even 2025, let alone net neutrality by 2040 or 2050, this is going to play an important role. And so, this isn't measured quarter-over-quarter, but it is a long-term secular thing that we continue to see playing out that benefits the aluminum beverage cans.
John Hayes: Yes, I think, the first part of your question, I think, about it more in terms of customer mix, favorable customer mix, as opposed to – you draw such a fine line, we talk about price and customer mix almost simultaneously. We can add a bunch of accountants to segment that stuff out, but the reality is you got on average higher price for the same product family, and it can be driven simply by customer mix. And the second question was about the kind of small Canadian brewers. This is a very delicate balance because Dan has said repeatedly, we're oversold, number one. Number two, we have long-term contractual commitments to the larger customers. And so, some of this innovation that typically comes from these smaller, I don't want to call them startups, those smaller regional customers, typically they are the more of the list price type of customer that Dan was referring to in the prepared remarks. And when you don't have capacity they're looking somewhere to get them. And so, you are right, that the supply chain complexity of bringing cans in from across the world is intense, not only from a cost perspective, but just a complexity of the supply chain perspective. This is why, again, we're trying to get our capacity ramped up as quickly as we can because, I think, it's going to open the door in terms of innovation by not only the large customers, but the small customers as well. And there's a number of small customers that we're in contact with that they put new can lines in, but they didn't really order ahead in terms of cans. And so we're trying to help them out as best we can, given the constraints that we have in our system right now.
John Hayes: Yes, overwhelmingly it's been beer. I think some of the customers have had success. There is an underpinning, that's a heavy on-premise market. There may be some underpinnings that there's been a shift and a little fervor in moving to cans. But even as things start to open up over in Europe, we're still seeing that continued strength. We have got a heavy presence, as you know, in Russia. Russia continues to bear fruit. We have a heavy presence in the energy category, and that's doing well. And the UK has just been on fire. And it's a combination of anti-plastic sentiment there and additional fillers coming into the UK. And so, a number of those are factoring in, but we still believe in Europe, it's got the lowest can penetration of any major region in the world. It's really underserved. I think the folks that have been so heavily weighted to on-premise are starting to wake up to the fact that we need to divest our supply chain. And I think cans are going to do really well there for the foreseeable future. And I'll just finish up from a longer view. Since we acquired that business in 2016, our folks have done an amazing job on the cost side of the business. So, from a financial results perspective, I think, in addition to all the mix and other growth opportunities, Dan was just talking about from a cost perspective, I think, we're in such a better spot today than we were three, four, five years ago in that business.
Dan Fisher: Sure. maybe just to restate where we ended 2020, obviously sold out – sold 105 billion cans, exited 2020 with installing an additional 7 billion referenced in the script today that we plan on exiting 2021 with an additional 12 on top of that. So you're getting to, obviously that 19 billion range on top of the 105. And then we clearly are thinking about additional plan projects in the 2022. It's a little early for me to speculate on the speed and the rate with which we're adding in 2022. There's still an awful lot of challenges, as you can imagine in South America with COVID and in Central Europe with COVID. We've got line of sight, as I've indicated to add 25 billion off of a base in 2019 by 2023. We can still execute against that. It's just timing as it relates to what we've already put in place and what we're executing on that. I will continue to inform you as we get further along in the year and as we are able to get our engineers transported from location to location.
Dan Fisher: Yes, we're running at, I mean, I'll answer the back half of those questions first. We're running at extraordinarily low inventory levels. Can penetration in the market for Q1 was actually lower than on average what it was all of last year and even the year before. And that's because there's just not enough cans. And so even with the capacity adds that I'm talking about in South America, we're going to be incredibly tight in that region for the foreseeable future. A lot of it is underpinned by returnable glass shifting into cans. So if you reference back to my comments in the script, we were definitely looking into a series of further investments across that region as long as the demand profiles and the contracts look right. We have not had a lot of disruption and I give our teams a tremendous amount of credit. This time a year ago was challenging in kind of the Amazon region. But since then we haven't lost much in terms of production. And we've had some – it's the stories are incredible, as you can imagine in terms of what's happening with extended families and loved ones. And that has been the mental aspect of our employee base has been probably more challenging and getting people physically to work in an healthy environment. Obviously, these things can change with new variants showing up, but it's been a pretty resilient bunch down there and we really haven't seen much of an impact and knock on wood. We'll continue to manage this incredibly effective moving forward.
Dan Fisher: Yes, there's a lot to unwrap there. A lot of open-ended questions too, that we're trying to pay attention to if I just take the on-premise, off-premise. One thing that we've seen over the last 15 months is there's been a number of customers that have really leaned into the direct channel, the e-commerce channel that certainly benefited us. I don't think that's going to suddenly turn off. Folks are going to continue to everyone's dealing with comprehending flex schedules. So a couple of days more a week at home versus in the office that all benefits cans. So there's room for optimism, at least with our substrate that there's been a shift – a secular shift for the long-term. I think that's here – and I think that is here for the long term. I do think though in the month of April, it was kind of interesting because that was the month of a year-over-year comparables. And what we saw was overall liquid volume on the alcohol side was down a little bit and cans were actually up a smidge in that. Meaning, cans were taking share, and on the soft drink side or the non-alcoholic side, non-alcoholic liquid volume was up and the cans were up as well. So not by huge amounts, but people I think were expecting a big decline. And obviously when you look week-to-week, there's big swings. But if you look over the past month, so to speak, those are the kind of trends we've been seeing.
Dan Fisher: Sure. I can give you a little color here. I think moving forward, I think we're in a far better place than can that we've experienced the last six to nine months. Keep in mind that historically and the type of work we do, much of it being classified. Folks need to be onsite in order to do the work. And so our aerospace business of roughly 5,000 employees today, you would see 80% of those folks would be onsite. And if you go back to the end of the Q3, beginning of Q4, it was more in the 35% to 40% range. We've begun to transition now. In the last couple of weeks, we've seen north of 60% onsite and that's continuing to build as folks get vaccinated and CDC guidelines are allowing us to bring more folks. And have so we should see productivity benefits not just for us, but the entire supply chain, which has been disrupted because of this. So we're feeling bullish about this quarter and the back half of the year and returning to some sense of normalcy for that business and increasing productivity and efficiency. So now hopefully that gives you some additional color on kind of what we've been up against.
Dan Fisher: Yes, you're hitting on a great point and something that we're going to candidly have to figure out and grind through. There's – we're in peak season. We've been oversold for two years. We're at historically low inventory levels. We have an incredibly tight supply chain. Our teams are doing things and trying things and trying to be as transparent as we possibly can with customers. The one thing we can do is try to lock in candidly, a production plan for the balance of the year and try to stick with it as best we can that gives our plants the best chance of success, any alterations, any changes to that are going to put us in a very close to a – make the order environment, which it will be challenging. I think our teams are up for it. We do have capacity coming online, which I've commented on. Those are coming online, right in line with our expectations that will give us some modicum of relief. But yes, our customers are gearing up for a big peak season. They're taking every can we can possibly get. There's a lot of importation happening right now. And it's just going to be tight for the summer. The first quarter did not set us up for the most optimal scenario heading into the second quarter in North America.
Dan Fisher: The contracts are, if you look three years ago to today, we've commented on it several times. You've been following us for a while, but they're much better. We're in a much better space. The downside is the downside that's always been in our business and it's the self-induced inefficiencies in our distribution channels. So where we – the more touch points we have in the supply chain that's not embedded in the cost to serve and the cost to deliver to our customers. Those are past three elements. It's a minimal amount, but as you said, the amount of inflation that we're experiencing, especially on freight there could be some dollars tied up in there that are tied to pass through.
Dan Fisher: Maybe one additional comment I did indicate that the end plant in Bowling Green, we were thinking, earmarking a Q1 startup. What we're talking about is three, four weeks earlier that it falls into the Q4. Scott hasn't come off and we haven't come up or startup costs. There's negligible change, or our capital spend for the year. So this is really, we've already had those costs and the capital outlays embedded. This is just recognition that the teams are executing. They're executing a little better than we anticipated, moves inside the fiscal year. And hopefully that that means candidly fewer imports on ends heading into next year.
Dan Fisher: George. I don't, it was in line with our expectations may be a little better that, that is an area where we are adding capacity. And we were allocating every single customer. So I wouldn't read too much in the growth rates right now in the year-on-year comparables. I mean, we're converting our France steel to aluminum facility. We're continuing to add capacity in multiple locations in Europe and the demand trends if we had cans and could serve them, we would have exceeded, I think fairly significantly these growth rates.
Dan Fisher: That is the million dollar question. That's a great question, George. I can tell you there are more innovations that are being pent up right now. That we unfortunately can't help our customers launch. And it's – it would be difficult to prognosticate. I think our customers over the last three to four years in North America in particular have really learned to develop products that the end consumer wants, they're pricing it, they're putting it in cans. What's going to win, I can tell you it's probably – it's probably got some alcohol in it and if it doesn't have alcohol in its low calorie, it's a different stimulant on waters. And I still think there's still an underpinning for still water. That's just an area where I still – and bullish on, it gives the retailers an opportunity to improve their CO2 footprint within their retail shelves and without having cans or allowing folks to step into those cans. That feels like a market that could be sizable in the future.
Dan Fisher: Yes, that's a great point. George, on that, it's like our biggest growth category is plastic. That's our biggest category.
Dan Fisher: Thanks. I'll answer the first question. I would say 80% to 90% of what we're putting in place is simply existing categories. We're earmarking some additional capacity, so our customers can step into some of these innovations and trial them, but the fact of the matter is we're just – we're so darn oversold, I think, it's just stepping into the existing categories in the space, the shift to cans. So unfortunately, not a lot of room to disrupt ourselves. So that's why we're so bullish on the medium- to long-term in this area.
Dan Fisher: But I'd be careful quarter-to-quarter volume growth because it depends on who is bringing on capacity at what particular time. So, you can kind of get distorted in a quarter.
Dan Fisher: Yes, the challenge is any – we're extraordinarily tight. So, we haven't seen much of what you're describing, but there is always the potential as we continue to grow, as we have tightness in these domestic markets, as the supply chains in every industry are getting extended. The challenge will be if we had to dip into-non domestic aluminum, if we had to dip into China, where the overwhelming majority of excess metal is in the world, we know those freight costs are much higher than they were a year ago, 18 months ago, two years ago. And the real risk though is probably more our ability to potentially pass through that cost. It's just getting it hung up in the ports right now. So, I would see the risk being more on being able to fill demand profiles if we had to go that route, then not being able to potentially pass through the inflationary pressures on the delivered metal. But that's an area that we're paying attention to.
Dan Fisher: Yes, it, it's got more to do with the consistency of the delivery and the predictability of when we can get those LTL carriers. Our team has done a really nice job of managing it, but anything that we have to do that’s spot price related, that doesn't fall within the bounds of contracts that we previously negotiated. Those are accelerated and those at times can be challenge for us to pass those through.
Dan Fisher: Yes, I think, we indicated this briefly in our Q1 comments. Europe, if you look back over the last three years, North America and South America have felt the supply constraints and the tightness faster with much more conviction, if you will. And so that has enabled a very different seat at the table, if you will, of negotiations. The first quarter and the tail and a Q4 in Europe have shown up in a very similar way. And so, I would say moving forward, Europe if you look at our gross profit or contribution margin, it's as good as anywhere in the world. So I wouldn't indicate there's a whole lot to be gained there, but in terms of terms and conditions maybe longer-term contractual opportunities, those things I could see those moving in a different way than what we've experienced historically and stepping into this moving forward if the market continues to be as tight as it is.
Dan Fisher: Yes, that's a good question. There's a bit of that happening. Yes, we're shipping some ends. It's not going to be material to those results. It was just a damn good quarter in South America, good mix, good volume. There was a modicum of shipments up from South America into North America on ends, and we're doing a little bit out of Europe. And to your point as that will require less capital investment in the aggregate package moving forward as we free up that capacity back into those regions. So, it should be as you indicated, a win-win-win for multiple regions as it relates to standing up bowl in green [ph].
Dan Fisher: Yes, I mean, inflation is absolutely something we're keeping our eye on it's happening in every industry, specific to that particular area. We have password mechanisms in place. We've got longstanding contracts. Based on what we're seeing and what we're hearing from our supply base right now it's not overly concerning. I think we can manage that. Scott is there anything you have to add on.
