Scott C. Morrison: Thanks, John. Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share for 2013 were $3.28 versus last year's $3.06. And in the fourth quarter, comparable diluted earnings per share were $0.86 versus last year's $0.64, a 34% increase. For the full year, the following factors contributed to improved results: excellent cost management across the businesses; a full year contribution from line 1 at the Alagoinhas, Brazil plant and the Mexican extruded aluminum facility acquisition; a lower effective tax rate; and a lower share count. Also, FX translation related to European operations positively impacted full year 2013 EPS by $0.03. Turning to free cash flow, Ball generated $461 million in 2013. Again, we returned every free cash flow dollar and more to shareholders via net share buyback of approximately $400 million and dividends of more than $75 million. Net balance sheet debt at the end of the year was approximately $3.2 billion. Credit quality and liquidity of the company remains solid, with a 2013 comparable EBIT-to-interest coverage of 4.8x and net debt-to-comparable EBITDA at 2.7x. Cash was higher than usual at year end due to the planned redemption of the 2019 senior notes, which was completed on January 10, 2014. Committed credit and available liquidity at year end was in excess of $1 billion. For a complete summary of the full year and fourth quarter results on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, please refer to the Notes section of today's earnings release. Moving to operations, our metal beverage Americas and Asia segment comparable earnings were down roughly $11 million for the full year and up $9 million in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year benefit from the 12-ounce can and end plant rationalizations, cost containment programs, excellent operating performance at the plant level and continued double-digit specialty can growth in the Americas all contributed to better segment results. In the quarter, North America volumes continued to be sluggish for standard cans in the carbonated soft drink category. However, Brazil volumes were up double digits and our China volumes were flat, as we continue to run at very high utilization rates, and we continue to make disciplined decisions to not add capacity in an oversupplied market. European segment profit was flat for the full year and increased almost $10 million in the fourth quarter due to mid-single-digit volume growth and initial benefits of reduced labor costs, which will continue to flow through the segment in 2014 and into '15. Food and household comparable segment earnings were flat in the quarter due to mid-single-digit volume declines for steel food cans in North America. And for the full year, earnings improved roughly $10 million due to the contribution from last year's December's Mexico extruded aluminum plant acquisition and excellent operating performance at our remaining global manufacturing locations. As John mentioned earlier, our global manufacturing operations are starting to be rewarded for their incredible efforts to improve their cost structure and cash flow. Moving on to financial metrics for the full year 2014, interest expense will be in the range of $163 million. Full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings is expected to be approximately 27% to 28%. And for modeling purposes, remember that the first quarter of 2013 benefited from 2 R&D tax credits. We expect full year corporate expense to be approximately $73 million. CapEx should be in the range of $375 million, and free cash flow will be in the range of $550 million. And the majority of our free cash flow is expected to be returned to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. Yesterday, the board increased the share repurchase authorization by 20 million shares, so we have plenty of room and expect to buy around $500 million net shares in 2014. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes, the way we contract our business here, we don't really have any exposure in North America. And in Europe, I think I mentioned on the third quarter call, it had been a headwind for a while in Europe through '13. And if it stays elevated at these levels, we probably have some exposure to the tune of maybe EUR 5 million, but more on the back half of the year if it stayed at these levels for all year.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes, Phil, this is Scott. We're coming off relatively easier comps from last year's fourth quarter, yet metal down year-over-year, which will help margin percentage. You had volume growth in Brazil, and you had volume in China and great cost controls in North America and China, and specialty growth in North America. All those things kind of played into why the margins were where they're at. And that's about as specific as I'm going to get.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, let me address the customer bankruptcy issue, because we took a charge in the third quarter for a portion of the receivable that we had owing from that customer. There's going to be an auction for that company that will occur next week, and we'll see the outcome of that, what the outcome of that auction is, if we have to make any changes to what we've already taken from a reserve standpoint. And if we have to change anything, we'll either do that in the 10-K or sooner. And in terms of the pricing environment overall, I'd say it's relatively stable.
Scott C. Morrison: No, I think that's right. The cash machine has kind of grown to a point where we can do a lot of things at the same time. So we're able to still invest. We still have some growth capital in the 2014 budget. And John talked about some of the growth capital that we spent in '13, that we'll start getting the returns on in '14. And we're still able to buy back a lot of stock. And so we'll still be able to do both of those things. And hopefully, acquisitions will come along that have good value, where we could get the kind of returns we want. But we don't need to be stretching for anything. And so we'll continue to be disciplined.
Scott C. Morrison: There are some things in there that you're probably not aware of, but we're not ready to talk about them in total yet. I mean, part of it is carrying capital from last year, because we underspent what we thought we would spend. So a little bit shifted to the right. But there's still some growth projects that we're going after that we're just not ready to talk about at this point.
Scott C. Morrison: No, they're growth projects that have good long-term returns to them. It has nothing to do with what year they're in. It's just the opportunity that's coming. It's getting to maturity. And we think we have good contracts to support the capital that we would spend.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, the expense from '13 to '14 will be down $15 million to $20 million because of interest rates and a variety of things. The cash funding will be down considerably because we did fund up -- in the fourth quarter, we did fund up our pension more. And so it will be down considerably.
Scott C. Morrison: So we're focused a lot on the cost side. Our guys are doing a great job on the cost side, which is helping the business, but prices aren't getting any better right now.
Scott C. Morrison: I think that will get a little bit better. I mean, it's not going to be wholesale. But we took a big price hit last year, and I think we'll do a little bit better in '14, both from a volume standpoint and a cost-out standpoint.
Scott C. Morrison: I mean, we're not seeing anywhere near the price declines that we saw from '12 to '13 going into '14, but the environment is still soft. It's still weak, and there's isolated things going on in different places. But there's still -- as John talked about, there's still way too much capacity. And so we're doing what's in our control in terms of cost-out. And we're growing with -- a little bit with the market. And all those things should help us, but the pricing environment is not getting better yet.
Scott C. Morrison: It does hit the U.S., but remember, we got a big aerospace business, too. So you look at where the percentage of employees are. Food has a bigger impact than what you'd think the size of the business, but it's an older business. Let me get to the detail, I don't want to tell you off the top of my head, but I do have that detail. But it kind of runs across the businesses.
Scott C. Morrison: Yes, I'm not sure I'd worry about supply shortages. I think that beverage can has been pretty steady, so it's a nice steady business. But the automotive business, historically, has a little bit more volatility toward it. And I think there's a question of how much auto converts to aluminum and is that a stepping stone to another type of material, some kind of composite material. So I think all this is going to take some time to play out. So we'll see.
Scott C. Morrison: Not really. I mean, it all dependent on the right opportunity. These things kind of come and go. I don't get too caught up in where currencies trade in a particular day. When we put assets in the ground, we're going to be there for a long time. And so if the long-term economic value proposition is there, we would still do it.
Scott C. Morrison: I said that we expect full year interest expense in '14 to be around $163 million. So the bonds that we issued last year and the redemption of the notes in January, it's kind of -- the mix of that will help interest by quite a bit.
John A. Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business performed very well in the quarter and full year against a difficult comp. Solid execution on existing programs and some early deliveries drove performance, quite an accomplishment given the disruptive U.S. government circumstances in the first and second half of 2013. Contracted backlog ended the year at $938 million versus $942 million a quarter earlier and approximately $1 billion at the end of 2012. During the quarter, the STPSat-3 satellite for the U.S. Air Force was successfully launched from NASA's Wallops Flight Center. The final 3 mirror segments for the James Webb Space Telescope arrived at Goddard Space Flight Center, and the Ball-built GMI instrument arrived in Japan for the upcoming launch onboard NASA's Global Precipitation Measurement satellite. The GPM satellite and GMI instruments are part of an international satellite constellation that will capture next-generation observations of rain and snow worldwide every 3 hours, as well as 3D views of hurricanes and snowstorms, aiding weather prediction. With the recent 2-year budget agreement, we are starting to see things in Washington have a bit more visibility than we have had in the past several years. Our aerospace team is awaiting decisions later in 2014 on several key program awards so that they can move forward with what they do best, providing affordable solutions for scientific discovery and national security. Now looking out across our company today, we will generate positive returns in 2014 on the growth capital invested in 2013. In Europe beverage, operating margins are improving as volume has recovered, and our ongoing cost optimization programs will provide further upside. In our global food and household products packaging business, we are laser-focused on maximizing returns across our steel product lines and positioning our extruded aluminum manufacturing capabilities to serve our global customers' filling locations. And most of all, we are proud of our employees and their resolve to execute on projects and programs to improve our company's performance. Truly exceptional. Given our operational momentum, excellent working capital management and reduced capital expenditures, as Scott mentioned, we expect 2014 free cash flow generation to be in the range of $550 million. In summary, we believe, at this time, we are on track to grow our EVA dollars and achieve our long-term diluted EPS growth goal of 10% to 15% in 2014 and beyond. And with that, Reynaldo, we are ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think a couple of things. I do think the can is improving its share of the overall package mix, not only with beer but even on the soft drinks side. So that's one big factor. I think the other one is geography. And as you all know, we're a bit more weighted to Western Europe, obviously, some presence in Eastern Europe, but where we don't have presence, really, in much of Southern Europe. And when you look as an industry where the growth has been coming from, it's really been coming from France, from Germany, from the U.K., from those places that I talked about in the third quarter. The first half of the year, recall, the weather was very terrible, and so volume was actually down in those regions. But in the second half of the year, it rebounded and it proved to be quite nice for us.
John A. Hayes: Yes, well, we've talked in prior conference calls about our -- we expect to get back to the 2010, 2011 margin profile that we had in the European business. We actually had a very good second half of the year, but we still have opportunities, as Scott had mentioned, on the cost-out programs. So as we go into 2014, I think with normalized volumes, and that, obviously, we're sitting here in January so that's always a question mark, but with normalized volume, we continue to see progression in the EBIT growth of that business, largely through the cost-out programs and just maintaining our share of the European beverage can market.
John A. Hayes: I think, George, let's start with the demand side and then we'll go to the supply side. On the demand side, overall industry volume growth continues to grow strongly, mid-single digits. We did not participate this year because we're pretty tight. And remember, we had -- in the second half of the year, we were moving some of our capacity from Shenzhen to Foshan, and so we were a bit short relative to that. And so we'll be able to capture our fair share of the growth this year. On the supply side, that's really the question mark. And I think over the -- there continues to be some of the smaller players adding capacity in. I think from a cost perspective, we feel like we're in pretty good shape, and so -- to ride out this wave. But if -- to give you an exact time or date on when the industry may get to 90%, I honestly think it's premature, and I would be speculating on it. I think we continue to expect the market to be growing mid-double digits. I'm sorry. I might have said mid-single digits in China growth, I meant mid-double digits. And so the volume side, demand side is growing quite strong. It's just when do people take a pause in terms of the capital growth so the supply can catch up with demand -- or demand can catch up with supply, I mean.
John A. Hayes: I would agree. This time last year, George, we thought that there's arguably 25% overcapacity. And as -- despite the mid-teens growth in 2013, I don't think that changed materially, which, by definition, means some of the people kept adding capacity.
John A. Hayes: I think for us, we are sold out. We are full. And I think for the industry, it's pretty full as well. Obviously, on a regional side, you have pockets here and there. And, of course, even we may have very small pockets, depending on what the regional geographies are. But overall, I think the industry is reasonably tight, and we certainly are tight.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think the answer to your question largely hinges on what happens with soft drink. CSD has really been the softness in terms of not only the can business, but I think the overall liquid consumption business. And we have -- we expect to have continued declines on the CSD side. I think 2014 is going to be real important to help answer that question because you're going to see natural sweeteners start to come out. And the question is, can the soft drink industry really strive to arrest these declines they've been having. To answer your question specifically, I think it's much more complicated than just having the numbers saying at what decline rate do you -- the oversaturation. I think we've been pretty disciplined over the last few years, and we've been doing it in our own economic best interest. Just looking at the past 12 years, we closed Columbus, we closed the Gainesville end plant, then we closed Milwaukee. That was in part. But at the same time, we also took some existing 12-ounce and converted. So I think that model, you can't do that forever, obviously, and we're very cognizant of that. But we're also cognizant of maintaining a tight supply/demand, at least in our system.
John A. Hayes: We typically don't go into that level of granularity. But what I will tell you is Western Europe, the growth in Western Europe, the overall industry was up low- to mid-single digits, and there's a little bit more on Western Europe and a little bit less in Eastern Europe.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think it's been relatively quiet on that. From a technical perspective, we have solutions is the most important thing to say. There is a cost implication to that, and I don't believe our customers have felt the need to convert and look at the relative costs of that without any real either legislative reason or economic business reason. And so right now, it's more in a holding pattern.
John A. Hayes: Well, other than America being qualified, I don't think we have any benefit. But I do expect that, certainly, in the second quarter, that's when we would expect to -- late second quarter and third quarter, expect to see the benefit.
John A. Hayes: And the only other thing that -- in North America, we had a decline of 12-ounce, which is a low-margin product.
John A. Hayes: Yes. There really -- there's no appreciable change in pricing in our customer base. And largely, we often look at the metal side of the business, and there's really no significant change we're talking about on the metal side. So I don't -- we don't see any big changes one way or the other right now.
John A. Hayes: I think reasonably flat. The reality is Europe is -- the economic declines experienced over the past few years in Europe are -- have flattened out. But the economy is not strong. I do think that this whole supply chain of virtually every industry has continued to be under cost pressure and trying to take costs out of the system. And so I would not expect any appreciable change relative to the pricing environment.
John A. Hayes: I guess, on the margin, but it's -- in this environment, capital is still quite available, and interest rates remain quite low. And so I think it's just you have a much broader set of competition. But I don't think there's any -- been significant change over the last, call it, 6 months or so, no.
John A. Hayes: Yes, don't think that's sustainable. I do think we had some early deliveries and some other things, including some execution on existing programs, that made it really more of a onetime bump in the margin. I think as we look out into '14, margins for the full year '14 should be comparable to the full year '13.
John A. Hayes: Yes, the 12-ounce was sluggish, and I think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, but they were certainly down as an industry mid-single digits, if not a little touch more than that. Specialty volumes, for us, we've said for the full year -- I think the fourth quarter and the full year were about the same, which was kind of mid-teens.
John A. Hayes: Yes. Chris, that's a good question. It's -- we have, over the past few years, really put some focus on that in terms of growing that business, both organically and inorganically, via acquisition. I think our European business continues to grow well. Volume has slowed down a little bit in Europe over the past few years because of the economy. We were up slightly. And I think the folks over there are doing a great job. As you all know, in December, 13 months ago, we acquired the Mexican plant, and that facility has -- the volumes are still growing double digits, kind of mid -- low- to mid-teens. We wish they were growing a little bit higher, to be quite frank, but I think that's going well. And from an acquisition, as well as a greenfield perspective, we still have opportunities to expand our footprint. And we've been looking at serving our customers, whether it's here in North America or whether it's in Europe or other parts of the world. We continue to be focused on that. I think there's going to be some opportunities as we move forward into '14 and even beyond.
John A. Hayes: Yes, of the -- so let's break this down. Of the $375 million of capital that Scott mentioned, our maintenance capital, if you will, is in the range $175 million to $200 million. And within that maintenance, there's always a level of cost-out in that, whether it's getting more efficient on the energy side or other things like that. But the additional, call it, $175 million of what we call is growth capital, not too much of that is in terms of just pure cost-out. It really is growth. I just mentioned impact extruded. There are some opportunities in there of broadening our geographic reach on the impact extruded side from a greenfield perspective. On the beverage can side, there's opportunities in there. I don't think on the aerospace side, over a couple of years ago, we significantly expanded our ability to manufacture satellites in our Boulder facility, so there's not a lot in there. So it really is beverage cans and impact extruded. And I focused it in broadening our geographic reach and in terms of new products and new capabilities.
John A. Hayes: There hasn't -- I think I said on the third quarter, that China remains difficult. I don't -- it's not going down appreciably, but there have been pockets of softening -- continued softness on the pricing side and -- which is challenging. And it gets to the question I think George asked earlier about supply/demand dynamics. Until supply dynamics become more in favor, I just -- we're not anticipating upside in pricing.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think the answer is yes to all of that. Just a little context. I think for the full year, the market grew 3%, 3.5% over in Europe. And again, Europe is a big place with many different geographies, so I'll generalize here. But Europe grew kind of low- to mid-single digits. I know that liquid consumption did not grow that much. And so by definition, the can took a little bit of share. Reasons why cans took a little bit of share, I think there are changing consumer preferences for one-way packaging over returnable bottles, and we've talked about that in the past. I do think that in some of the more mature economies, people are staying home a bit more and the can is more of a home package. So I think that has been helping. I think those are the 2 things that are probably driving this can share mix the most. It's not seismic. It's over time and gradual. And recall that relative to at least the United States, for example, the can as a share of the package mix is much smaller in Europe, writ large, than it is in the U.S. The U.S. on the beer side, it's over 50% of beer is consumed out of cans in North America. In Europe, writ large, it's in the low- to mid-20s.
John A. Hayes: Well, I don't know if weather is a freak event. But demand, as we said this in the past, we had 2 quarters, the first and second last year, that were down year-over-year, and that hasn't happened too often in the decade we've been operating in Europe. In fact, it 2 out of 3 times happened last year, and it was both in the first half. I do think it was soft demand. Recall also, we talked about in mid to late 2012, we actually had moved our European headquarters from Germany into Switzerland, and we knew we had some redundant costs. And we were -- 2013 was an act to try and get after those costs. I think the lessons learned from the first half of last year was you can't rely on volume all the time, so you ought to be proactive and aggressive at all times about the cost side of the business. And I think our folks have responded very well. And that's why as we go into 2014, our cost programs are really executing well, while at the same time, if the volume is normalized, it provides a little bit of upside. And that's why I said earlier on, it is only January. If we could get through the first half of the year and volumes are normalized, we feel pretty good, but it's just too early to predict what the weather is going to do.
John A. Hayes: It's a good question, Debbie. And I think we're -- we expect 2014, because of the "2 summer effect" we've talked about, it to be positive. And with the World Cup being there, the can is a great one-way package. The can as a share of the package mix is approaching, at least on beer side, 40%. And I've mentioned a couple of minutes ago, in the U.S., it's over 50%. So there's probably some marginal improvement on that, but not wholesale improvement. And so as we go past 2014, we expect overall volumes to more closely reflect the overall beer growth. But in 2014, we do expect some nice growth.
John A. Hayes: Well, on the standard 12-ounce containers, we expect continued declines on the soft drinks side. We expect flat to slight declines on the beer side. And we expect to continue the growth that we've seen on the specialty side. From a footprint perspective, as we sit here now, we feel good about our footprint. And we wish that 12-ounce was a bit stronger, but that's as much reliant upon consumer demand. And as we have shown over the years, we will do what's necessary and in our economic best interest to make sure we're maximizing the value of what we do.
John A. Hayes: No is the short answer. We just give you -- for the full year in 2013, as I said, the market was up 3%, 4%. We were up slightly less in that. A lot of it had to do with just timing and geography. As I mentioned, the first year was -- the first half was softer, the second half was a bit stronger. But there has been no appreciable change in that. In any given year, different things are happening with different customers, but no, there hasn't been any meaningful change.
John A. Hayes: The short answer is nothing out of the ordinary. We have a variety of different customers and a variety of different customer contracts, and nothing really has changed appreciably in that. We have -- our focus on is -- everyone knows at the end of '14, we expect to lose some business from a customer, and we've talked about that for the last 6 months. I think 2014, we have plans in place, and the timing of the execution will occur throughout 2014 as we move towards that date. We have a hole to fill, we recognize that, but I'll bet our people against anyone else any time.
John A. Hayes: Yes, well, as you know, George, it's difficult to parse it out because it's a fixed-cost business. So when you get a little bit more volume, is that because of volume or because of cost? I will tell you this, all things being equal, our guys are doing -- our folks are doing a very good job on the cost side of the business. And so we're going to continue to put our shoulder into that throughout '14. And as I mentioned, we're closing our German regional headquarters, and that should happen late first quarter. And we have a bunch of other cost-out opportunities that we have been executing on, and so that's a big focus on that.
John A. Hayes: No appreciable difference in terms of what you described as co-investing with our customers relative to what we've done in the past.
John A. Hayes: The only other thing, George, I'd add to that is it really is -- what you're talking about is more of a North American phenomena than anything else. And because of the pass-through nature of the business, it's not a huge impact.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think to be honest, they're excited about the automotive opportunity. And -- but Scott raised an excellent point. They're doing it because of EPA guidelines in terms of miles per gallon for cars. It is a lighter-weight material than steel, but it is much more difficult to handle relative to steel in terms of welding and other things like that. The question is, is it a conversion to aluminum or is aluminum a migration to another form of composites or other things like that.
John A. Hayes: It will be interesting to see. I think it's reasonably tight for '14 because of the World Cup. I think after that, the biggest question is, given the economic situation, given the political situation and given the growth of the middle-class in Brazil, what happens after '14 in terms of liquid consumption, in terms of can growth, in terms of the overall economic profile. And so we're looking at that very closely, but first and foremost, we're saying, "Let's put our head down and get through '14, and then we'll evaluate it a little bit more."
John A. Hayes: Okay, great. Thank you very much for participating. And we look forward to what we think could be a strong 2014. And we'll speak to you in April. Thanks, everyone.
George L. Staphos: Okay. Same question. In Europe, where would you say operating rates are for you or for the industry, to the extent that you can comment? And then I had a follow-on on North America, and I'll turn it over after that question.
George L. Staphos: A couple of things. One, so if we look to '14 and could see your expectations for European profitability, would we see more of the profit growth that you expect coming from a pickup in volume or would it come more from the cost-out? If you had mentioned that earlier, I apologize, I had missed it.
George L. Staphos: And, I guess, for that matter, too, to the extent you'd rather the other -- the reverse be true, to the extent that can demand isn't growing by leaps and bounds, that makes more availability, I guess, of can sheet as well. But it sounds like your suppliers aren't telling you to worry about this anytime soon.
