Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. First quarter 2022 comparable diluted earnings per share were $0.77 versus $0.72 in 2021, an increase of 7%. First quarter sales were up due to the pass-through of higher aluminum prices, higher volumes with improved price/mix and higher aerospace performance, partially offset by currency translation. Comparable first quarter diluted earnings per share reflects strong results in North America metal beverage and aerospace offset by comparable operating earnings declines in South America, higher corporate costs and unfavorable earnings translation. Ball's balance sheet remains very healthy with ample liquidity and flexibility. As we sit here today, some additional key metrics to keep in mind for 2022. Our full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings is expected to be in the range of 19%. Full year interest expense will be in the range of $280 million. Year-end net debt to comparable EBITDA is expected to be in the range of 3.5x, and full year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable is expected to be in the range of $120 million. At this time, and given our earlier public announcement about Russia, we expect 2022 total CapEx to be in the range of $1.8 billion and to return in the range of $1.75 billion to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends in 2022. We continue to see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 2025 from year-end 2020 levels and look forward to more opportunities to invest in our businesses and to accelerate the return of value to shareholders. Rest assured, Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash. As fellow owners and through the lens of EVA discipline, we will manage the business as owners, partner with our supply chain and customers effectively to secure the best outcome for our shareholders. Ball reached a few important milestones this year. 2022 marks the 30th anniversary of EVA. That discipline has served us well in the past, and it will serve us well in the current economic environment. 2022 marks the 50th anniversary of Ball's initial public offering. Last week, we announced that effective May 10, our stock ticker will change from BLL to BALL. Back in the 1970s, four-letter ticker symbols were unavailable. And to ensure that the BALL ticker stays right at home with Ball Corporation, we're making this seamless change. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Dan.
Scott Morrison: Yes. Anthony, I would just say that going into this year, 90 days ago, we saw opportunity for nice improvement in growth and profitability in Europe in 2022. But with the outbreak of the war in Ukraine and inflation and euro devaluation, I think it's going to be tough to make what we made last year, full year in Europe. On the inflation side -- and this takes into account, inflation is probably running $50 million higher than what we originally anticipated. And similar to last year in the U.S., to Dan's comment, we'll get this back in the following year or so. No doubt it's a headwind for this year. And you're seeing that we're getting it back in North America, like we expected, which is partly why the results in the first quarter are up so much given some volume growth but a little lower volume growth.
Scott Morrison: And we're starting to see investment in the aluminum supply chain in North America. So I think that's encouraging.
Scott Morrison: George, you broke up a little bit there, but let me take a shot at it. Our ability to grow in that 10% to 15% range this year depends on how long we continue to operate. Right now, if we continue to operate at the current levels, we would expect to be in that 10% to 15% range for the remainder of the year. But we are -- that business makes $10 million, $11 million a month in operating earnings. So it's somewhat dependent upon that. And the timing under which a potential sale might happen, we're early in the process. These things, as you know, take time to execute. But it's an attractive business. It's a profitable business. We have a number of people that are -- a number of entities that are interested in it. And so, it's really based on the timing of when something might happen on that front.
Scott Morrison: No, it's really both those things, George. So you're exactly right. It's really proceeds and what we do with those proceeds and conversely, how long we operate. So right, either of those ways would give us paths to that 10% to 15% potential.
Scott Morrison: Yes. Really, our plans are the same. We tend to not buy that much in the first quarter. We've got our working capital build. We tend to front-end-load our pension funding. So most of that happened in the first quarter, but obviously, given kind of the weakness in the share price, we expect to accelerate the return of value to shareholders here as we move through the rest of this year and out of the first quarter.
Scott Morrison: Yes. And in North America, we still have a path to double-digit growth in North America. The first quarter was a little behind our internal expectations, and I can point to two things for that which make a lot of sense to me. Number one, our customers took up price a little bit more than we anticipated in the first quarter. And I think you've seen their earnings releases. They've all done extraordinarily well here in the first quarter. And the other thing, as we transitioned in North America into these new -- the new contract for our ability to pass through the inflation in arrears as we spoke to in Q4, I do think there was some incremental pull forward of cans into Q4 from some of our customers trying to beat that price increase from us. So I think that those two contributing, I don't know what the end result would have been in the quarter, but they would have -- we expected a little bit more than we actually delivered. And then we're excited about what we're seeing in terms of potential promotional activity in the second and the third quarter. That's when folks really start to fight for volume. And since our customers have gotten off to the start in terms of profit, I think they've got coffers full to do a little bit more aggressive work here in the second and the third quarter.
Scott Morrison: Well, let me start. We scale we scaled back, but we're still operating at about 90%. We're dealing with customers that are paying us basically upfront where the business can sustain itself from a cash standpoint. From an ESG standpoint, we have 950 employees that work for us in Russia. And we provide well-being for those people and those families. And so finding an orderly transition for that business, I think is exactly the right thing to do as an owner. And so that's what we're doing.
Scott Morrison: It takes time to exit a business, and we're working on the sale of that business, but that's not something that's done in a week time or a month's time. Those things take a little bit of time. And given the difficulty of operating in that environment, it's probably going to take a little bit of time to execute on that. But we think that is the absolute right thing to do.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I think full year, there'll be a bit of a use of working capital, probably in the $150 million to $200 million range in total. First quarter, we intentionally built more inventory. We've been talking about the last couple of years kind of running hand-to-mouth in the summertime, and we wanted to avoid that. And so, we intentionally built more inventory in the first quarter. So that's the big chunk of it. And then we did about 80% to 90% of our pension funding for the full year in the first quarter. So those would be the big changes or the differences from last year.
Scott Morrison: Sure. Energy, in a number of markets in Europe, they are regulated. And so we can hedge about 65% of the markets where we operate. And so we do that. But when you have extraordinary spikes in certain markets where things didn't go up 3%, 4%, 5%, they went up 100 multiples, 7, 8x what they were, and it's like you're not hedged. So these bikes are typically short-lived, but they're impactful in the near term. And so we've seen extreme volatility at various times over the years in different commodities. If you get storms or a variety of things happen, it tends to revert back to some kind of mean pretty quickly. But when I mentioned that $50 million of inflation number, that's including energy, and we are working on contracts to better capture those things as we no doubt are entering into a more volatile world as we go forward. And so we'll have to contract appropriately to make sure that we have the right kind of pass-through mechanisms to get -- to recover that quickly.
Scott Morrison: Today, it's kind of on the margin percentage, be careful, metal is up 60% year-over-year. So that's going to really impact your margin percentage on sales. But we're very happy with the performance in total.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I think as we move through the year, we're still early in the year. So we got to wait and see how the summer season shows up in Europe and how volumes show up. But yes, we would expect a nice improvement as we kind of move through the year. And again, all these comments kind of absent Russia because that's a bit of [unknown]. As we get to -- FX is again a bit of a drag. But if you look at it on an FX adjusted basis, we were up 7.5% in the first quarter. But on a dollars basis, it was flat. So FX could be a bit of a drag as we look through the year.
Scott Morrison: Not really. I mean Russia was really, for us, is kind of a self-contained business, and there wasn't a lot of aluminum going in other places. Russia is a global supplier of aluminum. But right now, we're not seeing any more supply chain challenges that we've been facing in the last year or so.
Scott Morrison: No. No, we stopped -- as we mentioned, the Russian greenfield has been stopped. No equipment had been put in country yet anyway. So the dial down in CapEx is in part due to Russia. I would say majority due to Russia. And then anything else, we're moving to other places where we still need capacity. So there's no additional drag because of that.
Scott Morrison: I think imports in total, you're going to see down, but remember, those import numbers, they always include Mexico which will be a consistent flow of Mexican beer into the United States.
Scott Morrison: I mean our historical profit have already been dividended out of Russia. So we don't really have much sitting in Russia other than our assets that are there. And so there's no there's not like a bunch of trapped cash or anything like that. And so we'll have to see as we go through the process and the regulatory approval as to what that looks like, and that will play into our decision as to ultimately what we do.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I mean we're -- like I said, we're early in the process, and we'll update you as we get more information.
Dan Fisher: Thanks, Scott. As I embark on my tenure as Ball's CEO, our drive for vision will continue to serve as our guide. We know who we are, we know where we're going and we know what is important. Great companies perform in uncertain economic times, and Ball is a great company. By providing actionable intelligence through our aerospace business, sustainable solutions through our aluminum packaging businesses and honoring our disciplined capital allocation approach, our shareholders will be rewarded, and we will be doing our part to preserve our planet. While our ability to achieve our long-term diluted earnings per share growth goal of 10% to 15% in 2022 is dependent on the outcome of our announced intention to sell our Russian business, our earnings, cash flow and EVA trajectories are in very good shape now and in 2023 and beyond as we increase returns on newly deployed capital and further enable and serve growth in our aluminum packaging and aerospace and technologies portfolio. We are a world-class manufacturing company with a fabulous team, the most capable and agile global footprint, the confidence and the heart to continue to do well and do good. We are uniquely positioned to serve the decadal shift that will favor our packages. We look forward to continuing our journey and returning value to our shareholders. We extend our well wishes to our employees, customers, suppliers, stakeholders and everyone listening today. And with that, Scott, we are ready for questions.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I'll give you a little high-level color and then maybe ask Scott to make some specific comments. One of the things is we did not experience a lot of inflation in Q1. It accelerated towards the tail end of the quarter. So it's a little bit more of what's yet to come versus what we've experienced. I will say how that plays into the cost recovery discussions that we initiated kind of November-December time frame with our customers is, those conversations have been going well, but we haven't secured 100% short-term pricing pass-through. As you can imagine, these conversations are ongoing. We're trying to make those as equitable as we can moving forward in the event that we're moving into a more -- more of a high inflation environment. So there's more work to do. And I think it would be safe to say that I don't think we anticipated the level of inflation that we're now seeing in Europe. There's more work to do, but our contracts are sound. We will get this back. Europe may look a little bit more like North America did last year and then transitioning into this year relative to the pass-through. But Scott, I don't know if there's anything additionally you would add to that.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Thanks for that. One thing that you did indicate, just to be clear on this, volume -- liquid volume was down 15%. And so plus or minus that number is kind of where we ended up in terms of volume decline, and a lot of that has to do with discretionary spending power in Brazil because all of the other countries surrounding in South America performed really much better than Brazil, Southeast Brazil, in particular. So I think rough math, what our colleagues in South America and Brazil specifically were telling us is your spending power was cut by 1/3 basically over the last three to four months. And on top of that, because these products are U.S.-denominated in terms of the aluminum profile of them our customers were passing through price on top of that, so you could see a 30% to 40% impact on an end consumers' buying power relative to a package in Brazil. The things that are going to be transitory relative to allowing recovery in the second half of the year and why we're a bit bullish on the back half of the year, in particular, a couple of things. Number one, it's an election year. It's an election year in Brazil. So what that means is there's a stimulus package coming. That will certainly help. You referenced in your question timing in and around Carnival. As we sit here today, we believe that there will be a carnival reflective of what you've seen in years past, a street carnival. Somewhere in July is what's being contemplated. And the last thing is there's a World Cup, and the World Cup sits in a different time slot than typically does. So a November World Cup we should see the benefits of that. And that's what our customers are certainly building and discussing with us. So I think you'll see a second half performance lift kind of versus where we anticipated. I don't know if that's all going to be able to make up for what we experienced in the first quarter. But I think there are plenty of things to point to that we'll see continued strong performance, not only in the extending surrounding South America countries, but in Brazil, in particular, where the decline was in the quarter.
Dan Fisher: Yes. So what -- I guess we really weren't surprised by the returns to on-premise. Actually, I look at it slightly different than maybe the intonation of your question. I looked at it as positive that we were able to continue to grow share in can across all the substrates. And I think the other thing to keep in mind, especially in the Northern Hemisphere is, as our customers in the first quarter took price, they typically fight like heck in the peak season for volume and share. And so, I think we're going to learn a lot about that question specifically and in about our volume trajectories heading into peak season in the Northern Hemisphere. But the underlying performance relative to can share penetration, I'm optimistic about coming out of Q1, despite I mean some of the lower volume levels -- unit volume levels.
Dan Fisher: I think just the opposite. I think there's so much pressure on anti-plastic sentiment. So innovation conversations right now, Ghansham, they would be what's going to show up on the shelf in '24, '25 in terms of sort of new categories, new channels, new products. And those conversations are far more robust than they were a year ago. And as you already indicated, aluminum is back up a lot more expensive than it was a year ago. So let's see. Let's see how we get on. But I think the anti-plastic pressure and sentiment is beginning to be palpable for a couple of large CPG customers, and they see aluminum as a solution to some of these recycling content percent increases they're going to have to achieve.
Dan Fisher: I would say your question highlights the areas that we're also bullish on. And then one is not necessarily innovation. It's just existing categories and existing channels that have plastic products. Plastic is our biggest opportunity, hands down. But I think ready-to-drink cocktails, I think energy always surprises us to the upside in terms of growth. We've got some really good partners there. Those are the couple of areas. And I think maybe not -- in terms of the back half of this year, but maybe bridging on my commentary from the previous question, there are some pretty significant categories with some pretty significant plastic that cans really don't play in that they will start to evolve in over time. So just about every kind of nutritional sports drink of some sort is basically in plastic, that's going to have to change, and I think there's opportunities there.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Great question, and thank you for drawing that out. I would say, if you look at airlines in particular, I can speak to that. They clearly have a sustainability challenge with the fuel. And so if they're going to get to some of their goals and objectives for the major airlines, one easy place to start is to get rid of plastic within -- when you're on-boarding the plane, when you're on the plane and when you're exiting the plane. And so we have not only single-use aluminum containers, though we have multiuse aluminum containers and we got cups. And we are having those conversations with airlines right now. And one, I think, has already announced in the Northwest that they're going to transition toward all aluminum. And so there are absolutely green shoots. And the first domino falls then it's a cascading effect, and then it starts to build on itself. So I think there's opportunity, certainly a lot of policy, a lot of shifts. We saw New Jersey trying to move away from styrofoam this summer, so that will be an opportunity set for our cups. And so these things are starting to build incrementally. And I think the entirety of our aluminum packaging portfolio will benefit from them, not just the beverage side. So thanks for that question.
Dan Fisher: And George, maybe Scott, you just want to comment on the $1.750 billion return to shareholder and how that's impacted by Russia or not.
Dan Fisher: George, you've been following us. You know we're laser-focused on that number. The world is a little bit fluid right now, but we're going to be laser-focused on returning value to our shareholders.
Dan Fisher: Yes, I'm not entirely sure it's higher return profile, but we'll certainly catch up the inflationary headwinds that we have this year. Our business over the last four to five years has improved Keep in mind that metals pass-through, so that can dilute if you're looking at this on a return on sales percentage. But when we look at contribution margin and we look at actual dollars being generated, it's a very profitable gross profit business, and you can have a bit of a drag in periods like this where you have a spike in inflation, that's what we're experiencing, that's what we're communicating to you. But I think you'll get that back. next year. And if you return to some level of normalcy on inflation, you'll continue to see that two-in-one flow-through operating earnings versus unit sales growth. And that business is performing well. I'm actually quite pleased with the fact that despite everything that's happening right now, our business produced like-for-like earnings year-over-year. That's a testament to the quality of that leadership team, that management team and how they're able to operate in a pretty challenging environment.
Dan Fisher: And Phil, on the cost recovery question, we are having conversations. They're ongoing. Our customers know that this needs to be equitable. These are unique times and circumstances. And so yes, depending on the outcome of those conversations, we could do a little better than what Scott indicated as we sit here today and what we know is in front of us in terms of contractual language.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I think the important comment there, I think you heard it, but they're -- we're growing everywhere. So there are opportunities to redeploy the capital, those lines in particular. And so, we're just evaluating the prioritization list right now, but kind of excited where we could potentially deploy those assets.
Dan Fisher: So I think we might be having some technical difficulties. I heard most of what you said. It's a little choppy on this in. But let me talk about some additional commentary on my scripted comments as it relates to the U.S. domestic supply. We've been really consistent that the market is tight. We're still importing from various parts around the world, mostly China, some from the Middle East but still coming in to support domestic growth. As we sit here today, looking out three to four years, it becomes increasingly tight, but there's a path to get aluminum to support the growth that we've announced. There are going to be additional investments, some pretty significant that we believe are going to start to show up. And you'll hear more about those in coming days and weeks. So we see really good line of sight, and we'll talk about it more at our Investor Day, heading out into 2030. And that's probably about as far as we can look right now with any kind of level of conviction with our customers. But we're in a much better place in terms of the opportunity set that's in front of us and the level of commitment from the supply base than we were a couple of years ago. It was starting to be a little bit concerning for us. And I think it's far less of an issue when you look at the Pareto of challenges to keep pace with the growth in the supply chain, We're in a far better position as we sit here today.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I can comment probably more on the trends that we're seeing and the quality of the inventory. The -- as we sit here today, we're in a much better position than we were a year ago. I will tell you that there's the aggregate inventory position that looks good, and then we still have can sizes that are incredibly tight and short, and we're going to have to manage through some of those aspects, but we're in a far better position as we step into Q2 and Q3. And that's really when you reflect back on the challenges that we might have had last year. In the Northern Hemisphere in particular, it was a tough go there for about six or eight weeks in Q2 and the first half of Q3.
Dan Fisher: One other comment, it was in the script. As it relates to some of our other joint ventures and our assets that we're exporting cans into the U.S., we're now exporting cans into other parts of the world, Europe, in particular. So the exports are still happening, but they may be showing up in other parts of the world because we've sort of leaned into the North America investments a little bit more than the time line of investments for Europe and for South America. And so as those foundational assets get put into place into Europe and South America, you might have to -- those regions may have to import a bit. Nothing to the extent of what we experienced in North America, but that's sort of how we're looking at the import/export world right now.
Dan Fisher: Yes. We're always going to follow EVA. And so as that picture evolves, some of the assets may end up in a different place than we had originally anticipated back at the end of 2020. The good news is all of the growth, medium and long-term growth projections that we gave, they're still there for us, which is four years on from when we -- or three years on from when we made those comments. We're a little ahead at this stage in terms of the capital that we deployed and the unit volume that we've installed. And I think your comment is right. I mean the world is a pretty volatile place right now. And so there may be opportunities that present themselves that look different than they were a couple of years ago. And if we get the right terms and conditions with our customers, we get contracted volume and we get a good EVA return, we're going to deploy it to those areas.
Dan Fisher: Yes. You broke up a little there. I think your question was in and around operational performance and the ability to improve. I can tell you in North America, in particular, what I was most excited about the results here in the first quarter was the performance in North America. Aerospace did wonderfully as well. So we're seeing some stability in those two businesses that, quite candidly, we haven't seen for the last 12 to 18 months. I think those will start to build on themselves. We will get to a better asset utilization framework where we're not oversold, hopefully. And with that in tow and the management team with new contracts, new terms and conditions, a clearer line of sight in terms of supply chain, more efficient ability to run our plants, you should see continued incremental benefits and the learning curve. The learning curve in areas like spoilage, like M&R, those things are costly line items when you're starting up a plant, and we're seeing nice progression in all of those new assets. And so I'm pretty bullish that the earnings profile regardless of whether we're 10% growth or 8% growth, I think you're going to like the results coming out of that business moving forward because we've been really honest. We haven't necessarily been what we expected here the last couple of years. And I think we've got our arms around a really good team in place there, and we're going to get after that here in the back half of the year.
Dan Fisher: Yes. It's certainly tight. It's been tight. It will continue to be. Our supply base is making incremental investments or have the last four or five years in debottlenecking. And I think everyone believes in the growth at this point, maybe not everyone believe to the extent they needed to, to cut a $2 billion check, which is sort of ballpark what's required to build a new rolling mill. Those are going to start to happen. And we will participate in those, as you can imagine, as the industry leader. And the form of participation will vary. And you'll -- we'll speak more to that in particular as those announcements become public.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I believe it's more pointed. What you've seen is incremental shifts. And I think what we -- the conversations now are beginning to be category shifts of where cans aren't participating today. And so that -- those are multiyear discussions, you've got to have the supply chain not just on our side but on their side, right? If they're going to shift out of plastic into cans in a big way, they're going to have to make those investments. And so you start having conversations that are in the time frame that you alluded to much earlier and with much more intentionality. And so that's what gives me a great deal of confidence that this is -- we're early innings here still. And so yes, stay tuned.
Dan Fisher: Yes, thanks for that. I think Brazil is our biggest business by a pretty significant amount. And so material offsets in the short term, I don't think those are significant. And having said that, we are constantly supporting other areas of growth, and so those will begin to accelerate, I think, the tail end of Q3 and Q4 with World Cup, et cetera. So yes, if there's an inflection point or you don't see the robust pickup in volume that we're candidly expecting and our customers, more importantly, are expecting then -- and some of those customers, they all participate in these other countries. So we'll work with them and we can ship product and take advantage of other areas within the country or adjoining countries for growth.
Dan Fisher: And where we are right now, I mean maybe we're feeling a little bit more confident than you are because we are already starting to see a little bit more growth here in April and the early parts of May, even with all of the things that I outlined previously. So, I think you're starting to return to a little bit more normal shipment patterns for various reasons. And so, I don't think we're going to be needing to pull the levers that you indicated, but let's see.
Dan Fisher: Five years from now, my goodness. If you asked me if we were going to be in a land war in Europe 90 days ago, I would have said that's crazy. No, I appreciate that you ask. I think this business has a really good opportunity to exit the year with a profitable trajectory in lens heading into next year. The venues are open. The importance of the second line coming on board is 9.1 ounce cups and 12 ounce. We need the entire aggregate portfolio to get to the volume levels across all of the products that our customers want to sell. So that's going to tell us a lot. We are going to be in a number of retailers, every single retail outlet that they own. We're going to see that this summer. That's also going to give us more indication to better answer that question. It's the right question. We're asking the same one ourselves. We're still very bullish as we sit here today on the business. We're going to be in a number of test markets and trials. We're starting to see things like styrofoam cups being regulated. That wasn't in our thought process, even this time a year ago. So, there's more room for opportunity in green shoots than there was this time a year ago. But we're going to have to see how we get on here this summer and how some of these tests go before I can really even indicate what '23, '24 and '25 look like. Scott, we're a couple of minutes over. Maybe we take one more question.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Thank you. We're definitely in a better spot than we were a year ago. And in the North America business, probably more so than any other one, depending on what our customers want to do from a mix perspective and a category perspective, what they want to promote. We may or may not have the right mix, but it's a heck of a lot more healthy, and it's going to give us a lot of ability to manage and execute. We exited 2021 in incredibly low levels, and we -- Q1 was tough. Q2 was tough. Q3 was tough as a result. I think our improved performance in Q1 should give you some belief -- it certainly does for us -- that we're in a better position to manage our business in a more proactive manner. And hopefully, that transitions throughout the balance of the year. But there's still an element of mix here that we have to keep our eye on, specifically in North America.
