John A. Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our Aerospace business reported first quarter results that were relatively flat with last year; however, I'm happy to report that our contracted backlog closed the quarter $100 million higher than year-end, and even happier to report that as of this week, our Aerospace backlog stands at greater than $900 million with even more opportunities for growth during the remainder of 2016. It's taken a fair amount of patience for us to get to this point, and I want to congratulate the entire Aerospace team for their hard work. More exciting, however, is what is in front of us in Aerospace, ramping up on all the new contracts and integrating the recent acquisition of Wavefront Technologies. Now across the company and as we look forward, we are nearing the end of the marathon we began back in February, 2015, and we cannot wait to step up to the starting line for the sprint to achieving synergies, cash flow growth and the higher EVA dollar generation that all of our investments can provide. As we said, we continue to face headwinds in our China business, although going forward it will moderate. We expect all of our other business units to be up year-over-year and feel momentum building in our business. Together we are working hard to improve Ball in 2016 and beyond. And we look forward to the hard work that lies ahead. So with that, Lynn, we're ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. George, this is John. I think what Scott had said in his prepared remarks, North America was up mid-single-digits, Brazil was up low-single-digits, Europe was down a little bit but that was exclusively because of exports into Africa slowing down. The Continental Europe was actually up low-single-digits, about a point, point-and-a-half, in-line with the overall market. And then China was down upper-single-digits as we proved – as we pruned some of that very low margin or no margin business. From a beer perspective in Brazil, you're right, there was some – there one of the customers did have an issue in one of the facilities. It was a little bit soft, but in our portfolio, our customers, as I said, we were up a couple percent.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, George. Let me talk a bit about China. China is a sore, and there's no hiding from that. It's getting inordinate attention at our company right now. What I'd describe is operationally, we continue to drive a hell of a lot of costs out of the business, in the range of $30-plus million this year alone. The pricing environment is just quite, quite challenging. The only thing I can really say beyond that is strategically we're assessing and continue to assess how to make this a better business. As you all know, we're not in the business to lose EVA dollars, and so it's a very high focus for us. On the tinplate side, there has been a lot of change in that business. I think the Weirton, West Virginia closure, while unfortunate, allows us to spread a lot of that cutting and coating capability into other facilities, and that's exactly what we're doing. So it's a capacity rationalization play at the end of the day, getting closer to our customers.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think what I'd say is Anheuser-Busch InBev have been in the can business for 25, 30 years now. And they have a asset base that they continue to look, we're aware obviously that they're putting bottles in. They're the only one making bottles for themselves. As you know, we actually have a large and very growing bottle portfolio in ours. And so I'm not – I think these are more one-offs than systematic. And that's how we're viewing it. They're looking at making their own needs for their own capacity.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. We're starting to go into their seasonally slow period of time and so we, as we said in the beginning of the year, we expected modest growth not necessarily from overall volume but from share mix relative to glass, and we're still seeing that happen. As we enter the seasonally slow, I do think we're going to get a very modest uplift because of the Olympics. Remember, that's just in Rio, but Rio is a very densely populated area, so I don't think our views of 2016 have changed materially at all from when we were on the call in January.
John A. Hayes: So your first question, has anything changed relative to our expectations? The short answer is, no. You know you always have timing issues of when you get signed because some of it's out of our control when you have to have various government agencies go through their approval processes. We've had some in the first quarter, some in April, as you heard. And even as we expect going into the June/July, whether it's June, whether it's July I can't tell you right now, but I know that we still have a fair amount of projects that we call won, not booked, which is not in our backlog but we won it, it's just we have to go through the signatory process and the funding process with the government. So nothing has changed on that front. From a mix perspective, I think I talked about this on the January call, there's not an appreciable difference in the mix relative to fixed price versus cost plus. There could be a little bit more of cost plus in the overall scheme of this new business won, only because a lot of it's new technology, which I think is good. And our folks have been executing very well on those types of things. So a lot of it's in the DoD, which is both from a satellite perspective, as well as a sensor perspective, and then also in the NASA side, where we haven't done a tremendous amount with NASA because their budget's been so constrained, but we've been able to do a very good job or weave our way back into that and are doing several neat things for NASA as we go forward there.
John A. Hayes: I'll take this and maybe, Scott can chime in. Nothing has changed relative to our expectations. We had said in the January that we expected the first quarter to be soft, given China re-pricing, given the year-over-year comps in Food and Household Products, and then the start-up in the first quarter that, as Scott mentioned a minute ago, would begin to wane as we get into the second quarter and certainly the second half of the year. So nothing has changed from that perspective. I will say this: it is a bit challenging for us. And I have said this for a year now in our opening comments that given the U.K. Takeover Code, we have certain restrictions on what we can say in terms of profit forecasts. And that does create some challenges for us to be able to articulate and communicate in a way that we normally would do so. So – but to answer your question directly and to reiterate it, nothing has changed from our perspective.
John A. Hayes: Well, yeah, I said – what I said is from a financial point of view what our expectations are relative to what's developing (27:59), nothing has changed. The one other thing in China that has – that was a headwind that we haven't really expressed explicitly was the volumes being softer. Some of that was that we consciously made a decision that we're not making cans for practice. The overall China market has slowed down a little bit. It's still growing, don't get me wrong. But I think those two things create environment where our volumes were down, and that was a headwind in addition.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. As you know, we run on a pass-through model, and that's really the only thing that's been going on. The pricing environment's been relatively stable.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, George. You raise a good point. What I will point out is over the last 18 to 24 months we have not been performing well in that part of the business. So as – in Weirton. And so as a result we've already had to move some things into other facilities. And so that's – I think most of that's behind us. There's always a level of complexity that when you're taking a facility out and having to redistribute volumes, but a lot of that's already been happening because of the performance in Weirton.
John A. Hayes: Great. Well, thank you. Thank you all for listening in. And as we've said, we look forward to speaking to you later on this summer in a much more earnest conversation.
George Leon Staphos: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Thanks for all the commentary. I guess the first question I had, just from a detail standpoint; I'd missed some of the volume statistics you had relayed regarding beverages. Could you – beverage cans. Could you quickly go through that? And then, to the extent that you can comment, what effect did you see from weaker beer production in Brazil as it relates to your volumes? And then, a couple follow-ons.
George Leon Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that primer there, John. Good morning to you. I guess the other question I had, this isn't the first time that China has been a topic not necessarily for the right reasons on one of your earnings calls, and certainly you have company, so you're not the only participant that's had some challenges there. Are you getting to a point where you need to – recognizing you've been already limiting capital, are you getting to a point where you maybe need to consider other strategic options or strategies in China to improve the performance? And if so, can you provide a bit more color there? And then last one and I'll turn it over, obviously a lot has changed in the tinplate market over the years, but closing Weirton, how will you manage all the metal decorating and processing that you need for your tinplate business around the rest of the country? Thank you.
George Leon Staphos: Thanks, everyone. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Two questions again, recognizing it is not your largest segment in Food and Household. Can you comment at all as to whether there's been any adjustment in pricing this year related to things like meat com clauses and that sort of thing or has pricing been relatively stable? Or if it's not, has it been purely just pass-through of metal? Then I had a follow-on. Again, to the extent that you can comment.
George Leon Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that, John. And then, the last question I have, and back to Weirton conceptually, in the past when we've seen companies adjust their metal decorating footprint, it's a tricky practice and there have been times where capacity have been moved from one facility to another and the initial stages don't go as smoothly as expected. What are you doing now, given, again, all the irons that you have in the fire, in managing the metal decorating process such that when it does come up, the coating, the printing, not that there's a lot of printing done on the food side anymore, but comes up to spec? Thank you, guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Scott C. Morrison: In the first quarter, the start-up costs were around $7 million. I think last year they were a little over $20 million. For the remainder of the year, they should start to moderate; we'll still have a little bit of start-up in the second quarter as we get our second line at Monterrey ramping up. But then as we get to the second half of the year it'll moderate quite a bit.
Scott C. Morrison: We're still in the planning phases on all that, so it's really not appropriate to comment at this point. But there's a number of things, they have some NOLs that we'll take over that will dampen the tax leakage, but right now we're not prepared to give you any specifics.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. The $7 million in that segment is Monterrey. There was also a couple million on the Food side. But – and all the rest of that is really China. The pricing swing from year-over-year, re-pricing inventories as you come to the first quarter, so you take kind of a double hit. And that's why as we move through the year the loss will moderate and the cost-out actions start to take hold, and so you'll add – it'll have less of an impact as we move through the year. And then with the investments that we're making that come online here as we move through the year, those will more than offset the China pricing at the second half of the year.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah, we have to wait and see how volumes shake out. I think it'll be – there's probably still a little bit of a drag just because again some start-up costs in Monterrey will still continue in the second quarter. It gets closer but then the back half of the year looks meaningfully better.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah, the synergies, they're really the same buckets we've been talking about all along. There's four different buckets: G&A, manufacturing, sourcing and kind of best practices. So those haven't really changed; the buckets haven't really changed either. There's always a little bit of puts and takes but essentially it's the same as we thought 15 months ago when we first started talking about it.
Scott C. Morrison: Oh, yeah. The working capital. Yeah, that's obviously one of the areas that we expect to get after right after close. We manage our balance sheet every day of the year. And so that's one area in which we think there can be a meaningful amount of cash taken out over the course of some period of time, probably a year or two.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, I think we're going to lever up here at the close. And it's also kind of the peak of our working capital borrowing season, so it'll be a little bit higher. The game plan is to drive that down closer to three times before we start buying back stock, but because of the asset sale was a little bit larger than what was probably initially thought about, we'll probably get to that leverage – that leverage area a little bit quicker where we can start buying back stock faster. Longer term, once we get through all of this and get those synergies, then we look at our capital structure. And we'll think about where we want to be longer term.
Scott C. Morrison: You know what? Let – if I could ask you please, let's park that until after we close the transaction and then we will make sure that we are going to be very, very much communicative in what we see in terms of the next one, three, five years, both operationally and strategically.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. No, you have it exactly right. China was the other part of that, both from a pricing standpoint and a volume standpoint. And I mentioned earlier as you had to lower prices, you had to lower the value of the inventory, so that's why you took a little bit bigger hit in the first quarter than what you'll see as we move through the year. And then the cost-out actions will start, we'll continue to gain momentum as we get into the back half of the year. And so for that segment in total, the back half of the year looks better.
Scott C. Morrison: It is a big number. That's a full year number. That wasn't for the first quarter, that was for the full year. But as I said, the unfortunate thing is that we've been making a lot of great progress in our North American business and in our South American, Brazilian business. And it's being masked by China. That is why I said that operationally we are driving the hell out of the costs there because we've got to get our costs as low as possible; but then strategically we have to assess how we make this a better business.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. Our folks are doing a heck of a job. It's just disappointing that the pricing environment is so bad.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. No. Let's put this in context. They're not experiencing delays; they're growing so fast that they can't keep up with their demand. That's what's happening. And so as they build out their existing facility and they've announced a new facility, we are supplying them a significant amount. I forget their growth rates, not only as beer, which is very strong, it's the fastest-growing beer company I think in the world right now, but then they are underweighted to cans. And so there's a double benefit for us. And so our business is going as fast as they can take them.
