Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dan. Comparable first quarter 2020 diluted earnings per share were $0.61 versus $0.49 in 2019. Dan commented on the other non-reportable segment changes in the quarter. Please note that other includes aluminum aerosol operating earnings and results from our beverage can plants in Myanmar, India and Saudi Arabia, offset by undistributed corporate costs and investments to stand up our new aluminum cost business. Details are provided in the Notes section of today's earnings release, and additional information will also be provided in our 10-Q. First quarter comparable diluted earnings per share reflects solid global aluminum beverage and aerosol shipments, strong aerospace performance, a lower share count and lower corporate costs, offset by foreign exchange headwinds and a slightly higher effective tax rate. Due to the pass-through of lower cost aluminum and the 2019 sale of the Argentine steel aerosol business and Chinese beverage can assets, revenues for the first quarter were flat despite global beverage can growth of 4% and higher aerospace revenues. Ball's balance sheet is healthy. Debt has been termed out at low rates. We have no debt maturities until 2022. Our credit agreements go out until 2024, and we have focused near term on maintaining ample liquidity and flexibility in the current environment. Year-to-date, we experienced our seasonal working capital build, which was more sizable than typical, due largely to the timing of metal payments in the first quarter. Given our ongoing growth initiatives and a somewhat longer raw material supply chain to support them, we anticipate the full year 2020 working capital investment to be a use of cash in the range of $275 million. As we look to the remainder of 2020, here are some additional key metrics to keep in mind. Our full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will be in the range of 20%. Full year interest expense will be in the range of $280 million, and full year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other non-reportable are now expected to be in the range of $65 million. Our 2020 cash from operations will continue to be strong. We will be investing in working capital and growth CapEx to expand aerospace facilities, beverage can production capacity in North America, while also completing construction on our first aluminum cups manufacturing facilities. At this point, we may approach full year 2020 CapEx of $800 million. Given the near-term challenging business conditions in Brazil and the investment in working capital I mentioned above, we now expect 2020 free cash flow in the range of $500 million. Ball has always been focused on being good stewards of our cash and prudently balancing real-time conditions with consistent return of value to our shareholders. Given our strong cash flow, we are maintaining our quarterly dividends, just as we have done since becoming a public company in 1972. Like always, we will focus on managing the business appropriately for the long term, investing capital with an eye on EVA returns, managing our balance sheet effectively and consistently returning value to our long-term shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott Morrison: The costs in the first quarter probably were not that great. I mean we've had some intermittent downtime with some plants, but maybe $5 million. And I think the second quarter will fill more of the impact in EMEA and obviously, in South America. And then hopefully, things get back to some normalization more in the third quarter, but I think the impact in the second quarter will be great.
Scott Morrison: Yes. We've got something we're watching very closely. Obviously, we have a lot of craft beer customers. A lot of the really small ones, they're actually kind of cash in advance. So from a credit exposure perspective, there really isn't that much credit exposure. And we're working with some of the other larger ones that, to be honest, are looking at this as an opportunity to grow their footprint. And so we're working selectively with our customers to help in situations where they think they can grow their business and be supportive of that.
Scott Morrison: Well, there's a lot of moving pieces on free cash flow. So, let's talk about the working capital side first. We had a larger-than-typical build in the first quarter. Most of that had to do with the timing of metal payments in Q1 as we built up additional inventory in metal in Q3 and Q4 to support the growth really in North America. And then – and as I've mentioned before, we've got a longer supply chain than we used to have. And so when we paid for that metal in first quarter, that was a big impact. We've also had several instances globally of VAT taxes being held up by various governments around the world that are essentially shut down. So, we've got about 100 million build in VAT taxes that we're waiting to receive, which is just the timing issue. And then as we go through the year, with the growth of our business, we see a use of working capital of about $275 million. And I think in the first – or the year-end call, I said it would be about $150 million. So, a little bit larger than I thought at the beginning of the year. And from a free cash flow standpoint, we still think we can get to around $800 million of CapEx, and then we found some other things that we think will be positive from a free cash flow standpoint. It goes back to that $500 million of free cash flow.
Scott Morrison: On the earnings per share growth in 2020, I think, George, we had a nice growth in the first quarter. I think we'll give that back in the second quarter. And then I think we have a chance to grow earnings in the back half of the year. From an EVA dollar standpoint, I do not think we grow EVA dollars in 2020, but we will in 2021. Given the investments that we made last year and this year and the hit we're taking on earnings in Brazil, I don't think EVA dollars grow this year, but we're confident that the long-term is still intact.
Scott Morrison: No. Good question. The first quarter impact was definitely more of a one-time. We were – we wanted to make sure we had plenty of metal given the growth we were seeing in our business in North America. So, we really ramped up our take of metal in the third and fourth quarter, and we paid for that in the first quarter. That's kind of normalized. And I would say the longer supply chain is built into my number where I've said working capital would be a use this year of $275 million. That longer supply chain is accounted for in that number.
Scott Morrison: Sure. This is Scott. We acquired some stock in Q1 before the impact of COVID was really seen, and then we suspended repurchases for the time being and focused on preserving our liquidity. We have ample liquidity and committed credit. And we're really just now at our seasonal working capital build. So, as we move through the rest of the year, our liquidity and our cash generation will get better.  And we still expect to generate $0.5 billion of free cash flow. So as we progress through the year, we'll see if we have opportunities to return more value to shareholders in the back half of the year. But let me be clear, our capital allocation strategy has not changed at all.
Scott Morrison: Sure. The goodwill had to do with – as we moved – kind of reorganized other and moved to Turkey and Egypt into Europe, what was remaining in other – those other segments had goodwill that obviously those businesses are not as profitable. And so that's a cleanup of the goodwill related to those Saudi Arabian, Indian, those other businesses. And then on the Metalpack, we had an agreement – we currently make containers for them out of one of our beverage can plants, and we have the ability to, if you will, buy out that manufacturing agreement. And so we took the time – we chose to do that so that we can free up capacity in that plant a couple of years down the road to be able to produce more beverage cans in it versus food containers. And then we made – also both the partners in Metalpack made an advance into that business in the quarter.
Scott Morrison: No. We don't have any obligation to do any capital contribution. This was voluntary and both partners felt it was in the best interest of the venture to do that.
Scott Morrison: And on the net debt to EBITDA, we'll still be in the range that kind of [3 to 3.5 range] by the end of the year.
John Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aluminum aerosol business saw global volumes up 2% in the quarter, driven primarily by strong double-digit demand in North America and India, which offset mid-single-digit declines in Europe. With the vast majority of aluminum aerosol packaging consumption tied to at-home, personal care and health, our aluminum aerosol team has been busy supporting personal care and pharmaceutical packaging needs. While our plants remain busy throughout the quarter, we do expect a few regional fillers to experience intermittent downtime during the second quarter that could affect us. Looking ahead, we are excited to expand our aluminum aerosol business' geographic reach into South America and expect the acquisition of the Tubex facility to close in the third quarter. In addition, our new innovative Infinity bottle continues to attract interest from customers looking for a sustainable, reclosable and reusable solution for personal care products, including shampoos and lotions. We look forward to growing this global business and improving performance in 2020 and beyond. Our aerospace business reported approximately 33% revenue and operating earnings growth, resulting from solid contract performance. Similar to our global packaging business, our aerospace business has been deemed an essential business, supporting our national security, defense and other services. The team has done an outstanding job of transitioning the majority of colleagues to working remotely, organizing program teams and shifts, and completing key project milestones remotely. In addition, during the first quarter, the aerospace business total contracted backlog was $2.3 billion. Our won-not-booked backlog increased 14%, and our headcount increased by over 250 employees. With over 50% of our aerospace employees new to Ball since 2018, we continue to be impressed by their seamless immersion into the Ball culture. Their ability to execute and take on exciting work is appreciated. In this business, we continue to enhance our infrastructure, build out testing and manufacturing facilities in 2020, and ensure all projects are on track and on budget. We continue to win new work, and current indications reflect that our aerospace business will be able to grow profitability in excess of 15% per year over the next several years, given the scale and type of recent contract awards. While we and the rest of the world are experiencing short-term dislocation, our long-term prospects remain bright, and we are focused on bridging the short-term dislocation with the long-term opportunities. Ball continues to be uniquely positioned to lead and invest in sustainable growth in global aluminum packaging and aerospace, while delivering significant value for our shareholders. Beyond 2020, we look forward to driving our business to deliver long-term diluted earnings per share growth of at least 10% to 15% and achieve our EVA dollars growth of 4% to 8% per year on our growing invested capital base. This has not changed. Especially during these times, we are thankful for our successes to date and the opportunities of the future. We will continue to responsibly invest and do what is best for Ball, our employees, our customers, our communities and our shareholders' long-term success. And with that, Rita, we're ready for questions.
John Hayes: Yes. I guess back to Brazil, I mean, the region has seen torrid growth for many quarters now. And now you have this pandemic event that obviously led to an abrupt slowdown. How much of the 60% decline in the back half of March do you think came from inventory destocking, just along the supply chain? I mean your customers are big and levered also, and I assume, started to focus on cash aggressively. And what's an appropriate decremental margin to use for the South America region for 2Q? And maybe, just comment on the same thing for Europe as well.
John Hayes: Yes. Ghansham, this is John. I'll try and take that. In the second half, there was such an abrupt slowdown, but it really was, as Dan had mentioned, the closure of a lot of these channels where the products were sold. Obviously, when – and then that has a ripple-on effect because inventories then start to build for our customers that already had. We're brewing beer, for example and other things like that. As we go and talk about second quarter, I'm hesitant to throw out any numbers because that's just imprudent. We started at the beginning of April, as Dan had said, off 60%, and it's improved. So the trend line is improving. We will be down meaningfully in the second quarter, but let's not forget about the longer-term prospects here. And we do expect the world to open up a little bit more in the second half. And – even in Brazil. And as we go into 2021 and beyond, as we sit here today, I don't think fundamentally much has changed. And so that's why in my prepared comments, we talked about – this is really a bridge from the short-term dislocation that the world is facing to the long-term opportunities that still remain on our plate.
John Hayes: Yes. And Ghansham, this is John. The only thing I'd add is when I think from a free cash flow, and I think from an operating earnings perspective, virtually every segment we have saved for South America is large and on track. Europe may be a little bit softer than we thought three months ago, but South America will be softer. It's just how much we don't know right now. And obviously, those earnings kind of translated into free cash flow as well.
John Hayes: Yes. Tyler, this is John. I'll just add my [indiscernible] on that. I completely agree with everything, Dan. And it could have been so much better. I mean we had $7 million or $8 million of currency headwind just because of the Mexico peso devalued at a rate the fastest ever happened in history. We had start-up costs in the range of kind of $8 million plus or minus related to all the start-up things Dan had mentioned there.  So, when you look at the year-over-year there and – we had talked about that business having a chance of being up $100 million year-over-year in a seasonally slow first quarter, it being more than a quarter of that, and we had those various headwinds in addition to the mix headwind Dan talked about with the convenience channel slowing down abruptly in the month of March, you can see why there's been a lot of great work going on in that business.
John Hayes: But because of what Dan just said of – with the auto and commercial aircraft declining, we probably have an opportunity as we go forward to bring more domestic supply online, which has always been our preference and now that kind of stars are lining up. So I think from a longer-term perspective, it probably is more of a onetime [use].
John Hayes: Well, remember that the cost, it depends upon the mix of business, but we get a little bit of a drag from the growth, but it's really just a timing issue at the end of the day. So, I wouldn't focus too much on that. And on the CapEx, the big bubble is in 2020 right now. As we go into 2021, it will ramp down. But we're putting a fair amount of capital for the next five years plus in that business. So I would expect that to come down. And I can – as I said in my prepared remarks, the business is going quite well. We're bidding on tremendous amount of work right now. Work seems to be accelerating, not decelerating. And so we feel good about that business. And that's why I said we remain confident that, that business can continue to grow kind of 15-plus percent over the next few years.
John Hayes: Yes. And your question about South America is a good one, and we are in active discussions with certain customers on does it make sense from an economic perspective to bring cans up from Brazil, but it's too premature to declare anything there.
John Hayes: Yes. This is John. In terms of Europe, I don't necessarily – I don't think there's huge difference between North America and Europe. Really what it is is how the can is consumed.
John Hayes: And where the impacts we're seeing right now, as Dan alluded to, is largely Southern Europe where that is a tourist trade. And there is no tourism going on right now. And so as the kiosks and what's called the HoReCa market where it's – effectively the convenience store, those are all shut down. And whether it's Italy, Spain, France, all along the Mediterranean, Turkey, we talked about, and that plays a very important part. Even in the U.K., which in the month of April has been soft, a lot of that has to do with urban city, i.e., London tourism. When you see people that take it home, we have not seen any trends that are fundamentally different than what we've seen in the past. Now there is less pantry stuffing, if you will, in Europe just from a cultural perspective, but it really has to do in Europe with the – how the beverage can is consumed in less with economic vitality of the individual consumer.
John Hayes: No. There's been a variety of conversations. I think Dan hit it well. I think from a customer perspective over the long term, I do think nothing has changed at all from a sustainability point of view. In fact, even I think this past weekend, the Wall Street Journal had a big article about this topic. I think in the short-term, one could argue both sides of the coin. I think it's beneficial here in North America because cans and the shelf life relative to PET. On the other side of that, I know that the use of one-way bags, plastic bags in grocery stores as they've been – have more relief on that, you're not allowed to use reusable because of the COVID crisis. But I think that's more of a temporary thing. I do believe – personally, I do believe that this pandemic crisis is going to put on the forefront of people's minds about what we are doing in the world in which we live because the practices we perhaps have been employing are not sustainable over the long term. I think it's premature to declare it has had a profound impact one way or the other. But I do know – I can tell you this, our conversations with customers around long-term sustainability initiatives have not changed one iota relative to this. And then as Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks, we even announced that our science-based targets have been approved by ASI. And so we continue to move forward, and I think it's going to be more important from a societal perspective as we go forward.
John Hayes: I think of it – it is a ticking time bomb. It's just a function of when. We – this earth was not built to landfill things. And so I think the reuse, recycle concept is going to be more important. Now this whole reuse thing is being thrown into question because of how you can contract and how COVID is carried, but the recycling doesn't change at all. And because aluminum has economic value in the recycling system, I think it's important.  Getting back to the whole plastic side of it, I know there's a variety of people continuing to look at technologies, but they're much more costly than what's happening now. And it's much more costly than the aluminum can. And so given an environment where budgets are squeezed and people are focusing on cost, nothing has changed with respect to aluminum packaging in terms of the cost of that, but if you start to think about recycling is going to become more important, there is going to be added burden of cost on recycling plastic.
John Hayes: Rita, this is John Hayes. If there's one more question, we'll take that. And then given that we're so past the hour, we'll wrap up.
John Hayes: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that is we've made some good work on the improved efficiencies. We still have a long way to go.
John Hayes: There's a lot of opportunity in front of us. And the additional costs, it's a little difficult to look out because we're in such a changing environment. We have higher – have had higher costs, our absenteeism was up. So the overtime that we are paying has been up. You think about all the benefits that we've been giving on top of everything as a result of COVID is another cost. We have had some out-of-pattern freight that has costs.  As Dan said, past times, it would have been 100% on us. It's not 0% on us. We're now splitting it with the customers. And so there's issues like that. It's not huge numbers, but over time it adds up. And if we had a better sense of what – I hate to use the term new normal, but what six months looks like in terms of protocols, safety protocols, people protocols and the demand, how that is shaping up, we'd have a much better ability to answer your question, but I think it's just – it's premature to answer that cost side.
John Hayes: Alright. Well, thank you all. We appreciate the time and thought it was important to give some extra time given the changes that are going on. I do, again, want to particularly thank our frontline workers, our customers, our suppliers and to the overall health care people out there. They are truly the heroes to all of us. So, I hope you all stay safe and well. Let's be very judicious in how people think about returning to a more normal environment, and we will keep you updated as we go forward. Thank you all.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I appreciate the question. I'd be leery to prognosticate on what exactly is going to happen in the second half of the year, but consistent with my comments in the script, we have seen channels opening back up over the last couple of weeks. The market was off, at least in our business, somewhere in the neighborhood of 60% year-on-year. And as we sit here today, it's running closer to 20% off, year-on-year. And a lot of that, candidly, is slowly but surely depending on city-by-city, state-by-state in Brazil. Some of these channels are opening up. And as soon as they've opened up, our customers, most of the brewers have started to fill them, and we're paying very close attention to that, but Brazil is not operating as a homogenous marketplace. It's still quite scattered, and we've really got to see this continue to take root, hopefully, build some momentum before we can, say it with any level of certainty that we can gauge the second half of the year. That being said, some positive signs here over the last couple of weeks.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Good question. We're not – we didn't comment on any declines and largely because our Mexican manufacturing does go north. The beer percentage has slowed at the end of March, early April, just because of some of the laws that have been put in place by the Mexican government there, but as you've indicated in your comment, North America, we started the year in an oversold environment. We're still in an oversold environment. And so some of the declines in the beer production have really opened up an opportunity for us to candidly run more CSD and ship that north. And so those plants are all full. They're running full. They're running a different mix, different label SKU than we anticipated at the beginning of the year, but we're absolutely using that as an opportunity to keep cans on the shelves in North America right now.
Dan Fisher: Yes. We were much like – I would say, in every one of our major regions, the first 8 to 10 weeks of the year, we were growing in excess of what we thought heading into the year, and some of that contributed to the typical out-of-pattern freight, not having cans in the right locations in Europe. Given the pullback in demand, I can't foresee a lot of those costs showing up, specifically, in the second quarter as we sit here today.
Dan Fisher: I would say, George, that the most confidence that I can give you or point to are more in line with the conversations that we're having real-time with our customers. And those customers are moving forward even faster with their can line expansions and investments, and we're having negotiations with them to support that and those investments. And as Scott indicated that – when we're looking to manage our cash flow so intently, we're having those conversations frequently with those customers to make sure that we're not getting out ahead of them, and we're still consistently applying these sustainability trends in line with what they're going to promote and what they're going to push. So at least for now, George, it's as good, if not better, than what I would have anticipated at this time.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Let me try to address the metal piece. Obviously, we've got some temporary relief on some of the tariffs as it relates to inbound metal from China. I think the larger story versus where we were here 90 days ago is that with the steep falloff in auto sales and even on – as it relates to Boeing and Airbus, their demand starting to fall off pretty significantly. I think there's an awful lot more available can sheet or willingness to convert some lines to can sheet than there was 90 days ago. And so from a domestic supply chain standpoint, it looks like a much better environment for us right now than it did even 90 days ago. So we're – and we can step into that. So it's not just a theory, we're waiting for something. We can absolutely step into some of those in a meaningful way right now. The CO2, I – George, I have not heard any issues right now in our supply chain as it relates to CO2 shortages, but that will give me something to dig into a little bit more. And I was recently in conversations as early as this week with the two large CSD players, and nothing along that came up in our supply discussion, so.
Dan Fisher: Sure. Yes. I think the scrap issue is largely behind us. And I think we made a comment to that effect, at least the last two calls. The majority – I'd say 80% of the issue we saw last year, we resolved that in a contract that started Jan 1 this year. So you will see consistent performance in and around that scrap line for the balance of the year because of that contract change. Yes, we saw nice productivity improvement in the first quarter out of our North American business. They did a really nice job. And we saw some of that reflect in some of the absorption benefit even with an incredibly strong sales performance. So I've seen a lot of positive signs and positive movements in that business across all of our plants. The number of plants that had production records in the quarter was, I think, all but two. So I think that the team has really galvanized their focus on the right things, and we're seeing a lot of benefits there. We absolutely do need to get these projects executed on in North America. Nothing has changed in that regard. And in fact, we exited Q1 with some of the lowest inventory levels we've ever had in Q1 because of that pantry stocking phenomenon that took place and continued in the first part of April. So good news there is the projects, Fort Worth, Rome, Glendale, they are on track, if not maybe slightly ahead, but we will – so quite a ways to go. The biggest challenge we've got, candidly, is typically you do on-job training, and so with social distancing trying to get 50 or 60 employees into another facility to run can lines and learn on the fly. That – so we're spending a lot more time on classroom, online training, virtual training, and the team has done a hell of a job and been very creative in trying to get those folks up to speed so they can hit the ground running, but really pleased with the overall progress in North America. If I said anything, I'd say we're a little bit ahead of where I thought we'd be at this time really on multiple fronts there.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I think in North America, not much has changed in terms of kind of the guidance we gave for the short term, 2020, in particular. I would expect 3% to 5% growth, somewhere in that neighborhood. And it's largely going to be contingent on our ability to execute these line expansions in the back half of the year. So, we definitely need to step into well-executed start-ups and fill those lines. I don't think there will be a problem filling those lines. So, I'm feeling quite bullish about what we entered the year with in terms of volume in North America. And as I mentioned in my comments, the only thing that's moving around on us, quite honestly, is somewhat on the mix side. More historical packaging for the at-home multipack and with the C-store channels not fully open, that obviously can change some of our – specifically Ball's mix.
Dan Fisher: I think it's a great question. And I really wish we had some sociologists on the payroll right now to try to figure out consumer behavior patterns. But in all candor, what – an awful lot of the folks that purchase in C-store channels are really tied to the service industry. So, think about people working multiple jobs in the restaurant space. As they come back, I don't think there will be a change in consumption pattern, but it will be tied to employment, it will be tied to what's open. That's more going to be the impact and the thing to watch there. I'm very bullish on innovation moving forward. We're still engaged with a number of customers on new product launches. Right now, most folks are just trying to get cans into the channels and multipacks to – because of the increased velocity, but folks aren't going to move away from innovation on the can. So, I don't think that will be a permanent trend by any stretch of the imagination.
Dan Fisher: No, I think it's a great question. So we're sort of – if you're looking at this from a year-over-year comp perspective, you're entering a period where you're sold out, every single line sold out. So, just hitting the mix question first. If now, I'm – I have a 12-ounce, 16-ounce line, and I'm running a 100% 12-ounce versus 16-ounce, that will have an impact during that period. We will – but we're sold out, I mean the volumes there. Your other question as it relates to, do we have the ability to gain efficiencies. I think labels make a bigger difference, especially when you're running full. And we've seen a lot – a greater willingness by some of our customers from an historical perspective. To get stuff on the shelves, they'll run fewer labels right now. And that is benefiting us from an efficiency standpoint. So, hopefully, that continues through the balance of the year. And as that continues, my 3% to 5% growth number may be impacted by that.
Dan Fisher: I think that's a great question. And I think over the years – and I think I was just – we were – someone just mentioned pricing. One of the things to keep in mind is we have really done, I think, a solid job here over the last couple of years of restructuring our contracts in a way that puts the onus equal parts on our customers and us to forecast appropriately, to manage their supply chains. And so we're sharing in the risk. And one of the benefits of that is right now, if you're pulling more than you anticipated at the beginning of the year and we need to ship from Mexico, for instance, that freight burden doesn't lie on us. And so it's not price, but it's a relief of cost. And so yes, it's more cost, but it's more cost to the supply base, not necessarily Ball.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I mean right now, most everything needs to be couched with. It all depends on what happens in shelter-in-place rules and social distancing. As those come off and as folks can return to normal purchasing patterns and getting back to work, the underlying fundamentals of our business in Europe would suggest we can grow, but until those fundamentals change, it's hard to know exactly what that looks like.
Dan Fisher: I would agree with your comments in and around North America, full stop. I would catch maybe Europe and South America slightly different. And in particular, as channels aren't open and as folks aren't employed, and there's not as much of a social safety net in South America, Brazil in particular, that can create some pretty significant volatility in demand there. And the other thing to keep in mind, which I think everybody, understands pretty well, it's like the earnings profile also has quite a lot of tax associated with it. So when you're not running volume across your assets, you're also not able to take advantage of some of the tax benefit. So a little bit more sensitivity, I believe, in – excuse me, in South America because of that.
Dan Fisher: It's a great question. And just to be clear, the first 8 to 10 weeks, we still saw that accelerated growth rate trajectory in the entire region. I mean, candidly, the team down there – that's the environment over a 20-year period, the level of volatility, the ups and the downs.
Dan Fisher: They're more nimble. We stretch our capital further. We're – we have a far greater and entrenched lean discipline there. One of the things that enables you to react more nimbly also, Adam, is there's far fewer customers that you're dealing with. And I think you're further embedded in their supply chains than maybe you see in Europe or North America, and that also allows you to move much quicker up and down in terms of adding or lessening capacity.
Dan Fisher: Yes. Good question. So, full stop, in the first 8 to 10 weeks and even in peak season, the entire market was short. So the market returns at the rates it was running, it needs more capacity. The other point is that particular customer of ours that you're talking about has stated that they're putting that project on hold, and the opening of that will be moved to the right given the current circumstances. So again, I think in many respects, it's needed because of the volume growth. And it still continues to be – we're seeing further can capacity invested in all the customer base, a movement from large-format glass and an acceleration toward the trends and the sustainability tailwinds, all throughout that region. So, I think it will be negligible.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I think it's a long-term positive because what you will – I think there's a question post just more specifically in around – we've got 400 craft beer customers. The craft beer customers that are going to win throughout this have made can filling investments. They're not selling on-premise. They're not selling through kegs. They've got a portfolio that's much more sustainable and reliable. And so I think folks are going to – and even our large CSD customers, I think their view is the can will take a bigger percentage of their portfolio moving forward because it's more nimble, it's more agile. The shelf life is better. And so I view it as a positive sign. Whether it's 12-ounce cans, 16-ounce cans, 12 Sleek or whatever the can of the future is, it's going to be good in a macro sense for the can.
Dan Fisher: Yes. I think if you refer back to – we were up $26 million-ish operating earnings year-over-year in North America, and there's easily another $15 million there relative to start-up costs and the exposure to foreign exchange. So yes, your comments in and around price/mix favorability, volume and better performance in the plants where we – I think we produce fairly sizably improved production units year-over-year for improved absorption even on the higher sales throughput. All of that's consistent with what your comments were.
