John Hayes: Great. Thank you, Tia, and good morning, everyone. This is Ball Corporation's conference call regarding the Company's fourth quarter full year 2015 results. The information provided during this call will contain forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied. Some factors that could cause results or outcomes to differ are in the Company's latest 10-K and in other company SEC filings, as well as Company news releases. Now, if you do not already have our earnings release, it is available on our website at ball.com. Information regarding the use of non-GAAP financial measures may also be found on our website. With regard to Ball's proposed offer for Rexam and consistent with the requirements of the U.K. Takeover Code, we will limit our comments regarding the transaction to, number one, what has already been made public via the 2.7 release. Number two, where we are in the regulatory process. Number three, an update on ongoing economic hedging and debt activities related to the proposed transaction. Also note that there may be limitations regarding the depth of our business commentary as well as our future outlook, and certain other items we would normally discuss on an earnings conference call, due to the nature of the proposed transaction and restrictions under the U.K. Takeover Code. Given the nature of our proposed offer, today's issued press release, webcast and conference call are advertisements and should not be considered a prospectus. Investors should not make any investment decision in relation to the new Ball shares issued in connection with the Rexam transaction except on the basis of information in the prospectus and the scheme documents which are proposed to be published in due course. This presentation and transcription of comments are not for release in whole or in part in, into or from any jurisdiction, where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. For more information on Ball's proposed acquisition of Rexam, please visit the Offer for Rexam page on ball.com. Now, joining me on the call today is Scott Morrison, Senior Vice President and our Chief Financial Officer. I will provide a brief overview of our Company's performance, Scott will discuss financial and global packaging metrics, and then I will finish up with comments on our aerospace business and the outlook for 2016. Our fourth quarter volumes, free cash flow and results from operations were in line with our expectations. The headwinds we acknowledged throughout 2015 and around earnings translation, project startup costs and tough volume comps in our North American food continued, while others like aluminum premium became a tailwind and a lower effective tax rate aided the quarter. Overall, however, we are pleased with the performance of our businesses and Scott will go into more detail on the quarter and full year in just a moment. Since we spoke last October, we have made notable progress to strategically and operationally position Ball for the future, including, successfully beginning the production of beverage can ends in our existing Lublin, Poland facility, which is also slated for additional end modules in 2016. The successful startup of our Monterrey, Mexico beverage can and end facility, which is serving multiple foreign brewers importing their product into the U.S. The successful startup of a new aluminum impact extruded line in Devizes, U.K. as well as our recently announced aluminum impact extruded aerosol expansion in Velim, Czech Republic, which is expected to come online in early 2017. The successful startup of our new aluminum impact extruded aerosol facility in India, various investments to further the growth of our specialty can and new product portfolio, including our new contour bottle line in Conroe, Texas and our new tin plate aerosol technology in Chestnut Hill, Tennessee, and the continued construction of our new beverage can plant in Myanmar now slated to open in April 2016. We also completed the acquisition of the remaining interest in our Brazilian joint venture and received conditional regulatory approvals for our proposed offer for Rexam from the European Commission and Brazilian CADE. Discussions are ongoing with the FTC. We have weathered a very busy 2015, in terms of managing the headwinds, investing in our future and making progress with our Rexam acquisition. Everyone at our Company has been extremely busy and I want to thank everyone at Ball who has persevered and risen to the challenge. Thanks. With that, I will turn it over to Scott for a review of our fourth quarter numbers.
John Hayes: Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business reported a solid quarter given the difficult comps they were up against. Contracted backlog held steady ending the quarter at $617 million. More exciting, however, is what is in front of us. Over the past few months, our aerospace business has won a variety of classified and non-classified programs that are worth over $800 million that have not yet been booked into our backlog as the contracts need to be signed and in several cases the funding needs to be approved by the U.S. government. In addition, we still have a number of additional proposals submitted for award that collectively measure in the billions. A terrific job done by our folks and we continue to be amazed by the creativity, agility and patients that they have shown. The near-term goals for the aerospace team are to finish strong on existing programs and ramp successfully on the new work throughout the second half of 2016. Now turning to the future, we continue to make progress on our proposed offer for Rexam and we look forward to reaping the benefits of growth capital deployed in 2015 through improved performance as well as the higher EVA dollar generation that these important investments will provide. While our biggest challenge is to weather the unsustainable pricing environment in our China beverage can business, overall, we feel good about where we are. Our objectives are consistent with last year. Successfully execute our capital projects, generate strong free cash flow, grow our specialty businesses, focus on cost optimization and manufacturing performance and cross the finish line on the proposed offer for Rexam. Together, we are working hard to improve Ball in 2016 and beyond, and we look forward to a successful year ahead. With that, Tia, we are ready for questions.
John Hayes: Obviously, we are aware of that, Ghansham, and I cannot comment of the thought process around that. I can tell you that specialty cans continue to grow strongly and that they are probably just trying to keep up with their own demand. I can tell you from our perspective that our system is in good shape. We continue to grow specialty containers off a relatively high base already and we are trying to manage the 12-ounce capacity, and what I mean by that is, for example, in the last quarter or so we have actually converted a line from 12 ounce into specialty containers and we have been just following that strategy we have been embarking on for a number of years now.
John Hayes: Yes. Ghansham, this is John. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, due to U.K. Takeover Code and some of the rules and restrictions around it, we are just not in a position to comment any further than we have.
John Hayes: Nothing other than saying that we are in discussions and that we have said in our earnings release we expect to close the transaction in the first half. Most likely it is probably going to be in the second quarter of 2016. That is what we expect as we sit here today.
John Hayes: Yes. Well, I am happy to go through that. Remember, fourth quarter is a seasonally slow quarter, so I will start with that. I think overall the market in the fourth quarter was down slightly and we were down a little bit more. Most of our decline had to do with actually exports. I think on a Continental Europe basis, we are right in line with the market. Some of the exports that we had in Africa as well as in the Middle East which are a little bit slower, but, again, I do not read into that much at all, because it was the fourth quarter which is always seasonally slow. I will point out and we have talked about this in the past that 2016 is an even numbered year and typically even numbered years, there are many events including the World Cup, including various soccer matches that usually show a little bit better than the odd years, so we are coming off an odd year where the overall market as well as Ball was up about 2%, so kind of in line with what our expectations. Depending on weather and depending on some other things, I think 2016 we see the same trends continue in Europe with growth in the beverage can at the expense of returnable glass and other substrates. 
John Hayes: Yes. You know, it is interesting. As you all know, the first half of 2015, we were cycling off some very difficult comps from the World Cup in '14. What we saw, it was relatively soft in the first half. Then second half in Brazil picked up nicely. In the fourth quarter, I know the overall market was up 6%; we were up a bit more than that. I think a lot of the trends that we have talked about in the past continue, meaning, that the can continues to take share from other substrates in the beer category. I think specialty growth is occurring at a faster rate than standard containers. We are almost at, not quite, but almost at a 50-50 mix between standard and specialty down in Brazil. As we go into 2016, yes, there is a lot of political uncertainty and economic uncertainty, but the facts have not shown that the beverage can has been hurting. People are still eating, people are still drinking, and I think while the Olympics in Rio is a help, people have to remember it is only just the Rio region, but that is a very densely populated area, so I think it should be beneficial. As we sit here today, we are not expecting large growth in Brazil, but the can is holding up very well relative to other substrates and relative to other industries.
John Hayes: I think the only other thing from a cash flow perspective is we kind of pointed out that we expect working capital will be relatively flat, so it is not a net inflow of cash, but we are going to have a lower CapEx as well.
John Hayes: …and we will probably have some pension funding and other things year-over-year that maybe helps address the bridge you are trying to create.
John Hayes: Yes. Let me kind of give a little different perspective, because I think about absolute EBIT in that business. You know, the loss of the announced customer contract obviously hurt, and Scott mentioned continued manufacturing inefficiencies and a little bit of start-up hurt as well. As we go into 2016, we continue to look at rightsizing our fixed costs and we are going to be accelerating those efforts in 2016, because while our margins were up, you are correct, the overall profitability was not where we hoped or expected, so we have a lot of programs in place to drive those earnings back to where we think should be normalized.
John Hayes: Let me hit that first. Yes. We can, and it is going to be up and running, as we said, kind of a little bit later on this year, kind of three months to five months after the startup of the first-line, so call it late second quarter, early third quarter is a good way to think about it. Getting back to your volume question, in North America, we were actually up a little bit in the fourth quarter. Some of it driven by continued directly back filling some of the Monterey, Mexico volume that you had just referred to as well as continued decent growth on the beer side of the category. In Brazil, we were up nicely in the fourth quarter and even in Asia, even though we put no new capital in there, our folks have been able to squeeze out a fair amount of new capacity with our existing asset base and we were up about 10% or so in China as well. Overall, it was good volume growth in that segment.
John Hayes: This is John. Why do not I take it? I think, as we said earlier 2015, there is no short-term solution to some of the issues here, but we expect it to be up meaningfully. Can we get back to the height of that profitability? Over time we expect to, yes, but it is not going to be happening in one year. It is probably a two-year to three-year to four-year program depending on how the end markets shake out. Recall, let me give you a couple of drivers of some of that stuff. On the aerosol side of tin plate, we have the new G3 technology that is out that Scott mentioned is on the shelf right now. Number two, in terms of overall aluminum aerosol growth, that continues to grow well. Just to give you a sense, in 2015, we were up on a global basis in aluminum aerosol about 5%, 6%, so that is good news and we are going to continue to drive that and our business is performing there and then we have got to get these manufacturing inefficiencies in our food can business in line.
John Hayes: Yes. The other thing I might add is recall on the October call, we talked about we had some of our pattern freight in the third quarter, because our Oss, Netherlands facility had come on stream, but not on stream in time to really have the high summer season, so as we went to a more slower season, we were able to balance out the footprint a bit better and get rid of some of that out of pattern freight and cost.
John Hayes: I would tell you is from a big picture perspective you have a sense of what the percentage is of cost-plus versus fixed price. You have a sense of what is our satellite business versus our tactical business versus our services business. It really isn't that different than what has been historical.
John Hayes: Well, yes. Let me take a first stab at it. George, you raised a fair point, but where we are putting this capital is what we think is long-term good for Ball Corporation going forward so you talk about Mexico and putting a second line in a little bit later on. You talk about end capacity in Lublin, Poland and increasing the end capacity there. You talk about impact extruded of what we are doing, whether it has been in India historically, whether it is in the Czech Republic that we talked about. It is those types of things. I think if I understand where you are going is, pro forma any potential direction does that have any impact and all the things I just laid out do not.
John Hayes: No. That is just the start. But its recall that everyone of our tinplate facilities makes both, food can and aerosol and so if it was just isolated in the food can you would start to think about scale, but it is not. We view this and we run this business as it come from manufacturing footprint perspective as a combined and we are able to leverage the manufacturing expertise because what we are talking about effectively is three-piece tin plate containers.
John Hayes: Yes, I think what we are planning for and expecting is post Carnival, which happens in, what, a week-and-a-half starts; We will start to see a seasonal slowdown, because that is their autumn and it will slowdown and as it starts to get into the second quarter. I think that is what Scott is referring to.
John Hayes: No. I think let me rephrase it another way. I think it is only four weeks into the year, but I think in January we are seeing exactly what we expected. We just know that Carnival is a bit earlier and much like when you have the Chinese New Year in China, when it is earlier or later it affects before versus after, so we did not see a huge run up prior to Carnival, but what we saw was certainly in line with what our expectations were. The question is what happens after Carnival.
John Hayes: Yes. Time will tell. We are restricted by what we can say. So again, I apologize for that. We cannot comment any further.
John Hayes: Yes. It is premature to say, but we have got a great relationship with that customer. It is the fastest growing beer company right now. You know, stay tuned. That is all I should say.
John Hayes: Yes. There is a lot of lot of questions in there. Let me just clarify. Our portfolio in Brazil is closer to 50-50. I do not necessarily think the overall market is, but to answer your question about where we think specialty can ultimately end up. Specialty continues to grow and 12 ounce continues to decline in all categories in the United States where it will ultimately get to. I cannot tell you. I can tell you we are in it about 30% of specialty in North America relative to the whole and that continues to grow, so we will look at the 50% I think it is premature to look out that way, but certainly the trends are saying it is going to get bigger, not smaller. Even on the beer side of the business, the can penetration, to answer your question there, I do not have the numbers in front of me, but I can tell you that both, in the United States and Brazil, as well as most other countries, the can continues to take share relative to other substrates. For example, in North America, the overall beer market was up about 1%, cans were up about 2.5%, down in Brazil, the beer market I think was down slightly, but the can industry was up and that was largely driven by beer, so the implication of all that is it continues to take share.
John Hayes: Yes. That is a good question. I will as best try and answer that. When you think about the projects we have talked about even on this call. Let us start with Monterrey, Mexico, it started up this month and so there is always a learning curve there and Scott said we would have a little bit of startup costs but so I would expect kind of the typical learning curve on something like this is three months to six months and so I think as we get to certainly the second half of the year, maybe even a little second quarter, we will start to see the benefit of that and then we are going to get additional leverage as we put the second-line on that is going to be starting up kind of late second, early third quarter, so you can hopefully see a trajectory there. In the fourth quarter last year, we started the new line in Devizes in the U.K. on the impact extruder line. We started up the India, plant. Any time you start up a new plant, the learning curve is a little bit longer than just adding existing line or new lines into existing facilities. I think that Devizes we feel pretty good about in terms of getting results out of that sooner rather than later. I think the India one is going to be a little bit longer. The Lublin, Poland we talked about that as we continue to ramp up the end production there we should see some benefit as time goes on, but it is a ramp up starting in early '16 as we go forward with that. We talked about the contour. In fact I know the last couple quarters we talked about the contour bottle as well as the G3. It is on the show, we are making commercially, commercial product right now that is on the shelves right now, so we have high expectations as we go into 2016 that you are going to see some momentum there. All of that leads to exactly what Scott was saying that in the first quarter we still have some startup costs and we are really not getting a lot of the benefits, but as we are gaining momentum each month we go by in the year 2016.
John Hayes: There are state-of-the-art high-speed lines, so when you think about that, I think in the past we said once this all is up and running, we expect a couple of billion cans, so if you would divide by two that is 1 billion on line or so.
John Hayes: Okay. Great. Well, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your patience around our inability to talk about certain things and we look forward to speaking to with you in a few months.
Scott Morrison: This is Scott. I would not change the buckets too much. You know, all that stuff will move around once you get to closing we will be able to give you a lot more clarity about that, but for right now we are not updating what those changes might be.
Scott Morrison: Well, both of those statements are correct. I mean, if you think about '15, it was a year of a lot of headwinds. We expect most of those headwinds to dissipate as we go into '16. Currency will have less of an impact, we will have less start-up costs, we will have a little bit in the first quarter, but then that should dissipate and some of the one-time things we experienced in '15, we do not expect to experience again in '16, so…
Scott Morrison: Yes. '15 we had a little less than $20 million globally of pension funding. In '16, we expect that number to be closer to $50 million of funding and expense will be down about $7 million year-over-year.
Scott Morrison: I mean I think there was a little price pressure, but nothing material but a little bit of price pressure.
Scott Morrison: Yes. A good chunk of it was the utilization, but they are also doing a very good job on the cost outside. They have been taking cost out throughout the year, so you are seeing the benefits of that as well.
Scott Morrison: I think that is a good number for '16, but we will see what kind of opportunities. We have been fortunate that we have found a lot of good opportunities Monterrey, Mexico would be a good example of that. Some of the things we are doing on the aluminum aerosol side, so we are finding good opportunities to put money to work and get the returns that we expect. Right now, as far as I can see forward in 2016, that is the number.
Scott Morrison: No. I think what I have said in my prepared comments I would stick by that. Performance is expected to be up in all the segments. China is the only one that will be softer.
Scott Morrison: Well, we updated in December when we sold bonds, so that is why we had to update until we get further along in the process and get definitive agreements in all these regions.
Scott Morrison: No. We will talk about both. Our focus is always on file to cash and so I just want to give people a heads up. With this transaction, there will be a fair amount of amortization. We will talk about both, but we will, our focus is on generating cash flow and so some of the accounting loses some of the context of the cash and to me the cash is the important part. We will give you both numbers.
Scott Morrison: Got it No. We did not. That is just some things we did last year in terms of some buyouts of buyouts of closed plants and some of the changes in the interest rate assumptions both on the discount rate and then the return on asset assumptions, so the combination of all those factors led to that $7 million decrease. We did not change anything else fundamentally.
Scott Morrison: Most of that difference is the non-cash business consolidation cost that gets added back and the pension funding difference, I am sorry, in the other line. Yes, the pension funding difference would be the big part of it, expense versus funding. I mentioned our…
Scott Morrison: Well, George, I think from an, I will call, an end market perspective, a good amount of it is DOD. I think we have talked about this in the past, but NASA has been flat to down over a number of years but I think, as we talked about last quarter, with this new budget in place, the sequestration unless it goes away, sequestration is off of the table and there is a multi-year ability to fund programs that have been can lingering to the side. That is the vast majority of it. When you think about what we do for the DOD, it is everything from satellites to sensors, but whether it is optical or antenna type sensors. It is a whole mix of those various things. We are quite pleased and proud of our folks quite candidly, because it is not in any one place. It is not in only satellites or only tactical gear. It is not only in cost plus, it is not only in fixed price, it is kind of a blend of everything, so I think the portfolio effects of what has been won, but not booked right now we feel good about. As I mentioned, we have a whole bunch of other stuff we are chasing down as well.
Scott Morrison: I think I would just give you a comment. The timing on Carnival will be different. My guess is that Brazilians have started celebrate Carnival. The timing is going to be a little bit earlier, so that will make the first quarter year-over-year a little bit challenging.
Scott Morrison: We have pretty active plans in place as to how to minimize the tax leakage. There will be some, where we have I think pretty good plans to make it as small as we possibly can. Then in terms of leverage, we will have to wait and see until we are done, but our initial guidance was within 18 months to 24 months, we did leverage back down to a pretty comfortable level and I do not see a big change in that.
Scott Morrison: All I will say. I cannot just comment. I will give you a quarter. In the first quarter last year in '15 we had a €7 million headwind and that should essentially reverse in the first quarter of '16.
Scott Morrison: I think, we should still have a little bit of a drag in the first quarter and then those startup costs should diminish quite materially, so our goal in '16 is not to talk about headwinds or tailwinds on too many other things. Hopefully, it is a more normal year, so I think we will get a little bit more cost in the first quarter then after that we probably won't be talking about it very much.
Scott Morrison: Nothing out of the ordinary, we operate in a competitive world, so you always in today's world where the growth is anemic, I think every industry is having pricing pressures, but nothing of note.
Scott Morrison: We typically do not get into that level of granularity. That is a segment that we report and that is how we talk about it.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I would just add that 5.7 back for the beginning of the year. That is probably the best measure. The basic is 142,289 at the end of the year, including the 5.7 that we issued.
Scott Morrison: Now, I would not expect material changes and we would update you when we get to the closing and tell you what it is going to look like going forward.
Scott Morrison: There is a big chunk that obviously was in '15 that drove the numbers and then there is still a fair amount of carryover, John talked about a second line coming up here a few months from now. It is when you spend the money, right? Even though the capital, we may have gotten the plant up and running. It is when you are paying for all those invoices that it shows up. There is still a decent amount of carryover '16, we got some other projects in '16 that we are looking at on as well.
Scott Morrison: We do not. That is part of our Americas and Asia segment. We do not break that out beyond what is publicly released.
Scott Morrison: Just qualitatively as we said, the volume continues to grow. I know the overall can market in China grew about 5 billion cans in 2015 and the growth continues. Again, similar themes is what I just talked about in North America as well as Brazil, but the can continues to take share from other substrates in the beer segment. The problem is the pricing continues to deteriorate as well and there has been material deterioration in the pricing over the last six months, over the last 18 months. As Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks, that we expect all of our segment results to be up save for our China business. The other thing he said was our cost out programs have been unable to keep up with the pricing declines, so we are battening down the hatches, we are focusing as much as we can on cost, but we do expect the results there to be down.
Scott Morrison: , there is some lapping of that, but it was a little bit of price pressure. I would not read into it too much.
Scott Morrison: Yes. I think I mean right now it is that 25%. When we did a restructuring in Europe a few years ago our tax rate had run historically closer to 28% to 29%, and with the things that we did it moved down to about that 25% is a decent run rate.
Scott Morrison: I would think anywhere around the world that it is a competitive market. Like I said, I would not read too much into that comment. It is just anytime you are negotiating something, customers are trying to get what they want to get. We are trying to get what we want to get, so I would not read too much into that.
Scott Morrison: Hey, Chris. Let me give you a little bit more color on the Brazil comment, because I do not want anybody to leave with the wrong impression. What I probably should have said is price cost. If you think about what is going on with energy, metal and currency as it relates to Brazil that is really more of kind of the combination of all those things, so do not walk away thinking there is something different on price.
Scott Morrison: I would factor any changes into my comment on free cash flow. It is just kind of there is a bunch of puts and takes in the free cash flow statement for 2016, so I would just kind of incorporate that into what I expected free cash flow to be in total.
