Scott C. Morrison: Thanks, John. Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter were $1 versus last year's $0.90. In addition, the company recorded an after-tax charge totaling approximately $32 million, primarily related to a provision for our customer receivable. Due to the confidential nature of the customer situation, we are unable to talk about it in great detail here, but will provide more details in the 10-Q. Our metal beverage Americas and Asia segment comparable earnings were down roughly $7 million year-over-year. Cost containment program, excellent operating performance at the plant level and double-digit specialty can growth in the Americas nearly offset segment volumes being down mid-single digits in the quarter due to a loss of the 12-ounce business in North America that has been well documented. Brazil volumes were up strongly, again, year-over-year and our China volumes were up mid-single digits. Across the segment, we are running at high-asset utilization rates and the recently installed second line at our Alagoinhas, Brazil facility is online and ramping up to meet our customer's new brewery located just down the road. European segment profit increased in the quarter in the mid-upper-single digit volume growth brought about by better weather conditions, coupled with reduced labor and input cost, both of which continue to be addressed aggressively. In the food and household segment, earnings were higher due to better volumes, our recently acquired Mexico plant and good performance in our steel and aluminum aerosol business. Segment volume increased nearly 10% in the quarter as a result of the favorable North American seasonal fruit and vegetable pack and solid aerosol container demand. Transitioning from operations, during the quarter, our corporate undistributed cost and the effective tax rate were in line with expectations and year-to-date. We have repurchased of net $268 million of our stock. Net balance sheet debt at the end of the quarter was approximately $3.35 billion. Credit quality and liquidity of the company remains solid with comparable EBIT-to-interest coverage at 4.7x, and net debt to comparable EBITDA at 2.9x. Committed credit and available liquidity at the end of the quarter was an excess of $1 billion. Given our seasonality and strong free cash flow, we continue to anticipate year-end net debt level to be in the range of $3.2 billion. For a complete summary of the third quarter results on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, please refer to the notes section of today's earnings release. Moving on to financial metrics for the full year 2013, really, no changes here. Interest expense will be in the range of $183 million, the full year effective tax rate on comparable earnings is expected to be approximately 27%. We're still anticipating full year corporate expense to be approximately $73 million. CapEx will come in, in the range of $400 million and free cash flow should be in the range of $450 million. And the majority of our free cash flow is expected to be returned to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott C. Morrison: Sure. Phil, this is Scott. Last year, it cost us probably around EUR 4 million. It started to ramp up in the back half of the year last year. This year, kind of a full year, it's probably going to be closer to EUR 8 million or EUR 9 million. They've just started to moderate recently. But with inventories, you know we have to flush inventories through the system, we really didn't get any benefit of that yet. But that's kind of the magnitude of the cost that's hit us in the past year -- 1.5 years.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, we had -- Chris, this is Scott. We had about $100 million of carrying capital this year, so I would expect -- we're spending in a pretty decent clip this year and so I would expect to have less carryover capital into 2014. So I think capital will come down. There's still some growth projects that we're evaluating that would be in that number. But I think, overall, CapEx should start to trend down and free cash flow will trend up. We have some more things on the working capital front that we think will benefit us next year. And so we feel pretty good about the growth in the free cash flow for 2014.
John A. Hayes: Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business continued to perform well in the quarter with solid execution on existing programs. During this quarter, the Ball-built WISE spacecraft was roused from a 2-year hibernation to resume its near-Earth asteroid hunting mission. We also delivered the STPSat-3 satellite for the U.S. Air Force Operationally Responsive Space-3 mission, and contracted backlog at the quarter end was $942 million, down just slightly from the previous quarter. Despite lingering effects of sequestration and the recent U.S. government shutdown, we continue to see operationally -- opportunities, excuse me, both domestically and internationally to help grow our aerospace business. Now looking out across our company today. Our businesses are leveraging new processes and systems, our world-class employee base and their EVA mindset to drive cost-out initiatives and execution on key programs and projects. We have invested prudently in our businesses for incremental EVA dollar growth, whether it has been specialty growth in North America, geographic growth in Latin and South America or cost-out initiatives in Europe and Asia, which we expect to generate positive returns in 2014 and beyond. In Europe beverage, we are on track to get back to our operating margins consistent with the 2010, 2011 period by 2015. And in our global food and household products packaging business, we are ramping up aluminum aerosol production and focusing on maximizing the returns across our steel product lines. In summary, we expect continued strong free cash flow and full year 2013 comparable results to exceed full year 2012 comparable diluted earnings per share. Given our operational momentum and reduced future CapEx target, we expect 2014 to be more consistent with our historical earnings per share growth goal of 10% to 15%, and higher free cash flow generation. And with that, James, we are ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Certainly. As you know, I think on our second quarter call we said -- we started to see at the beginning of July some more normalized weather patterns, and the good weather led to an increase in fillings in Europe. For us, I think it was largely driven by the Benelux region, by France, by U.K. even Poland, and to a lesser extent, Germany. And so those, as you all know, is the sweet spot of where we operate. So I think we were just the beneficiaries of much more normalized weather. And as we said, across Europe, for us, it was mid- to upper-single digit, kind of 7 percent-ish range.
John A. Hayes: Yes. I think you're spot on. Not much has changed from our point of view about China. And what I mean by that is, number one, we are -- do continue to see strong growth in volumes. Number two, there still is a fair amount of excess capacity. I think either some of the players have slowed down some of their growth plans, but others have continued on. And so from a pricing perspective, it's not getting any better as we sit here today. I don't think it's getting materially worse, but it's certainly not getting better. And so until some of this capacity is better utilized with growth in the market, I think our expectation is that we're not going to have much upward mobility in pricing.
John A. Hayes: Delayering? Well, if you're talking about the pace of our cost, I think there's really -- we're just continuing to move down that continuum of taking cost out. We said on the second quarter it's going to take some time because you have to have the various discussions with work [ph] councils and unions. And we announced the closure of our Ratingen, Germany administration facility, but that won't close until the first quarter or so of 2014. And so while we've been taking some short-term measures to take cost out, and our guys have been doing -- our folks have been doing a great job of that, this is more of an 18-month type of play. And as we said, it's really the second half of 2014 and going into 2015 when we really will start to see the benefits of that.
John A. Hayes: Yes. We did see some -- particularly around the Labor Day weekend, we did see some greater than recent normal promotional activity by the soft drink customers, as well as some even some of the beer customers. There have been, I think, both on the beer and the CSD side, they continue to focus on the revenue line. But I also -- we also see that they are much more constructive about the volume relative to the price increases. And their price increases, I think, have been a little bit more moderate over the past few months as they go into 2014. I do know, in both of those segments, new products are very important. I think the biggest question on the soft drink side is not how cans are doing, but rather why are consumers drinking less CSD and what are they drinking instead? And I think the soft drink companies are very focused on that, whether it's natural, low-calorie sweeteners or new products that help respond to that new channel opportunities. So I think we are seeing a slightly more constructive end market. But having said that, it's still is -- the growth is anemic at best. And we need to -- if there's one thing that we are focused on, particularly on the soft drink side, I'm less concerned about beer, but we're very much focused on trying to make sure that we understand what's going on from the soft drink perspective.
John A. Hayes: Yes. I think, across the board in every region in which we participate, we're running pretty tight relative to capacity. Certainly, with the closure of Milwaukee, that was -- and you all know that we've been very assertive in managing our supply and demand there. That really depends on what the market or growth, or lack thereof, occurs in 2014. But we're tight, as we speak, in North America and Europe, we're very tight. And I do think that over the next 18 months, our #1 priority is the cost-out. But as we start to think about going into 2015, we have to think about capacity because we are getting very tight there. China, we really haven't added all that much capacity. We've moved the facility from Shenzhen up into Foshan, but that wasn't necessarily net-net any significant increase in capacity. So we're running very tight there. You mentioned Vietnam, I think all of Southeast Asia, I think there's probably some more opportunity, but we're going to be balanced around that. And then in Brazil, as you rightly pointed out, the second line in Alagoinhas is just getting started up. So I don't see any new capacity going into Brazil. I think some of the growth projects Scott were talking about, we haven't finalized them right now, but it's looking at geography and it's looking at new products. I think those are the 2 big areas when you think about where it could come from.
John A. Hayes: I think it's premature to talk about fourth quarter volumes. I will say the weather continues to moderate and we haven't seen any meaningful deviations from the trend lines we saw in the July, August, September. But as you know, the fourth quarter is seasonally slow. The only deviation I'll point out from that is probably in the food can business, where we thought a quarter ago that we would get some -- it would pushed -- some of the opportunity would be pushed into the fourth quarter, which it doesn't look like it will. You also -- we had a very strong fourth quarter in that segment in the third quarter. And so I think, while we thought some of that maybe pushed to the fourth, I think it stayed in the third. But absent that, the volume trends are -- particularly in the beverage side I was referring to, is nothing inconsistent with what we'd expect.
John A. Hayes: Yes. Very quickly, in Europe, we'll start there. We talked about getting back to a more normalized margin structure, which was -- if you look back in the 2010, 2011 time frame, it was 11% to 12%. And we said over the 18 months, we have a clear line of sight and we don't have to rely on net pricing to get there, although we are also focused on net pricing. I think in North America beverage, our folks has done a very good job in managing a difficult situation, not only with the losses in 12-ounce business, but also with the very tough macroeconomic environment relative to the beverage can demand here in North America. And so we continue to take cost out. And I think the Milwaukee, Wisconsin rationalization is a good example of that. I think our food and household products business here in North America, over the next 12 to 18 months, is very much focused on it. As we start to cycle into end of 2015, when we'll have a lost of some business there. But our guys are very -- our folks are very much on top of that. And as we sit here today, I think our folks are up for the challenge, no doubt. Down in Brazil, it's not so much about a cost-out, as it is managing and optimizing the supply/demand relative to what we expect to be a very strong year next year. Because, as I mentioned, the summer months are really October through March, and then they have the World Cup in June and July. And then in Asia, we have to be low-cost there. And I think we've proven over time that we are low cost and what we're trying to do is widen the gap relative to particularly the local competitors there, because of our global know-how and global expertise. So that's just a quick snapshot of the various levers that we're trying to pull from a cost perspective.
John A. Hayes: Well, the short answer is nothing material that we can add at this time. We had an Investor Day that was webcast a few weeks ago, if not close to a month ago, and we talked in a slightly more granular way about -- we have half a dozen or so various discrete items that we are focused on from a project perspective, and we expect to begin to execute on those in the fourth quarter. But really, more likely, the first half of 2014. This business remains with us throughout '14, so it's really '15. We've got 15 months or so to manage it. And I think our folks are very much in tune and focused on what needs to be done.
John A. Hayes: Yes. First, in term -- we did see -- and we've seen this since sequestration kicked in, in March. We've seen a slowdown in decision-making at the government and with the complete shutdown for what, 16 days or so it was, everything just stopped. And so that's why I inferred our backlog was down slightly, but nothing fundamentally has changed. I think just decision-making is taking a little bit longer. I will say it's a bit frustrating that they just punted just a couple of months, and so we're talking about the January-February time frame having a very similar set of discussion. And that just puts timing of decision-making up in the air as well. So that gives me little bit of concern. But again, as I said, the fundamentals of what we do for the U.S. government has not changed at all, nor has the opportunity set. We have, however, as we've talked in the past, looked at other scenes [ph] of growth and revenues, whether it's internationally or with some more commercial or commercially oriented opportunities. And whether it's a Sentinel program, which is done in a non-for-profit world that's not affiliated with the U.S. government or the GEMS just contract we won in South Korea, I think those are good examples of the types of things we're looking at, and we continue to explore those opportunities. And we do believe that, over time, we're going to win our fair share of those.
John A. Hayes: That's a good question. I think all -- to one degree or another, our European folks have really rallied around the cost-out. And given that, that is in our control, more than anything else, we don't have to rely on weather, we don't have to rely on external demand. We see a clear line of sight there. I think down in Brazil as well. As I mentioned, the 2 summers and -- actually, as we sit here right now, we're actually in Brazil, we've brought our board down here this week and we see a lot of very good momentum. And it's quite clear that a lot of the market share gains of cans relative to glass are not just temporary, they're permanent. And so we're feeling pretty good about Brazil. In North America, it really is a volume game there and so our folks have been doing a great job there. But it's just -- it's too premature to predict what 2014 volumes will look like. And I think the same with China relative to the volumes versus the price mix. So it's really about Europe and Brazil, I think, have the greatest line of sight into EVA dollar generation.
John A. Hayes: No, we haven't. Any maturation curve of any new product, you need to expect over time that it will rather gravitate more towards a mean. But I think what we're trying to do is stay out ahead and have the flexibility for our customers. So when we talk about specialty, we're not just talking about one different can size, we're talking about a wide variety. In North America and/or in Europe, we're making over 20 different sizes in each of those locations. And so it allows us the flexibility to flip between sizes on behalf of our customers, and I think they find there's value there -- in there for them as well.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think we're always spending a fair amount of time on acquisitions. Many times nothing happens, but that doesn't mean there isn't a lot of activity going on. As we've talked about in the past, it's -- given that we're a very disciplined EVA company, sometimes it's challenging to compete against private equity and other buyers when interest rates are still low and liquidity is still free. And I think we see that right now. As we go forward though, I think there has been great opportunities when we're disciplined and we're tenacious on one hand, but also patient on the other hand to take advantage of situations when they arise, when others are not as aggressive or cannot be aggressive from a financial or operational perspective. So we haven't announced anything, but don't assume we haven't been looking and haven't been actively pursuing opportunities. And as we sit now, liquidity is still relatively free. And so it makes it a bit more challenging for us to compete. But over the long term, we've been able to make a lot of money for our shareholders and for our company by maintaining our discipline.
John A. Hayes: Well, our pipeline, I think, is full of everything. Everything from aerospace -- in January, we made a very small acquisition and that's gone exceedingly well. And so that was more trying to get into a new customer base. On the packaging side, whether it's geographic -- we've talked about the need for consolidation in China, in particular. I think over the longer term, there could be opportunities there. I think there's further rationalization opportunities in some of the more mature markets and mature product lines, and we're focused on those. But the one thing about acquisitions that we've realized is, if you overpay for an acquisition, in our markets, it's always very, very difficult to get it back. And so that's why we've been maintaining a disciplined approach.
John A. Hayes: No. In fact, let me start with Europe first. No, in fact, the strength -- soft drink was stronger than beer, at large [ph] as an industry and for Ball in Europe during the third quarter. And I do think some of it has to do with market share gains and other things like that. I think here in North America, Ghansham, there are several things going on. The first half, there was some weather issues. There's also has been a pricing versus volume strategy, I think, of the soft drink industry generally speaking. But then it is also a demographic, and people are drinking less sodas and people are drinking less diet sodas. Diet soda is skewed towards the older consumer, and they've been drinking less. And so I think our customers are acutely focused on that from a product formulation perspective, as well as a channel perspective. You're seeing the -- many more different types of SKUs out in the marketplaces, our customers try and find the sweet spot relative to those various demographics. And I -- we expect a fair amount of innovation from a category perspective in 2014 because those customers are very much in tune with the macro trends going on.
John A. Hayes: It's always difficult to tell just in the quarter, but you're absolutely right. I think it has to do with -- the can has been winning relative to other packaging substrates. At the end of the day, we continue to see slow but steady in Europe. Slow but steady improvements in terms of cans as a share of the package mix, and that adds incremental growth to any of the liquid growth. So that's probably the biggest thing that's going on.
John A. Hayes: No. The premiums just started to moderate in the quarter. And with the inventory that we are running through the system, we saw really, virtually, no benefit of that. It provides some potential upside next year if they keep moderating, but we're not -- we haven't until we bake that in. So no real impact in the third quarter. We're still seeing higher cost than we were a year ago.
John A. Hayes: Yes. First, the answer is, as I mentioned, the volumes were up nicely in the third quarter relative to where our strength is, which is really Germany, Benelux, France and the U.K. I do think some of that was a bounce back because the first half of the year was very tough. And as the summer came, I think there was just the consumer unleashing, if you will, of getting out and taking advantage of the weather. So I wouldn't read into that too much. Overall, as an industry, we're a little bit stronger than our long-term expectations. We've said 2% to 5% growth over the medium to long term in Europe, in part driven by the market share gains I've talked about for cans relative to glass and others. And that was kind of at the upper end. The growth was at the upper end up that, so I wouldn't read too much into it. And then -- I'm sorry, your second question, I forget now.
John A. Hayes: Yes. Well, in the quarter, I know we are above that. But remember, we're a seasonal business, so we look at that on an annualized basis. What really drove the improvement in the third quarter, a little bit of cost out because there are folks who've been getting after that. But as we said, that's a longer-term issue. It was really that we have strong volume. And when you're in a volume-sensitive business, those things help. We had negative volumes in the first half of the year, and I think that hurt. But -- so I wouldn't read into that other than, number one, we are on track of what we said; and number two, these cost-out programs really to hit in a more meaningful way the second half of 2014 and 2015.
John A. Hayes: Yes, I think in Brazil, everyone, I believe, is very much looking forward to 2014. There's going to be a tremendous amount of promotional activity here. They're expecting millions of visitors, which is going to help. I think, to your point, we do have new capacity coming on. And as you know, this business is chunky, if you will. And when you have new capacity on, you're usually the ones grabbing the incremental growth in the near term. But I think over the long term, our competitors have grabbed some growth in the past when we weren't putting capacity in and they were. So I just think from our product perspective, our customer portfolio perspective, we're in pretty good shape for 2014 in Brazil.
John A. Hayes: Well, we -- as Scott said, we were upper-single digits on volumes, and the overall market was up about 3%. It's interesting when you look at it, what was strong and what was weak relative to the industry. What was strong was the vegetable pack and pet food. And what was weak was fruit and soups. We do not participate in a large way in the fruit or the soups. And so I think we just benefited from a customer mix that had a strong pack. So what I'd say is all the growth we saw was related to the pack because that's the way the business works.
John A. Hayes: Okay. Well, thank you very much for participating. We look forward to what hopefully is a strong finish to 2013 and a more constructive 2014. And we look forward to talking to you in January.
