John A. Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business reported improved first quarter results driven by solid contract performance and the continuing ramp-up on new contracts. Our staffing levels continued to increase. And year-to-date, we have hired close to 300 new employees. The aerospace team has done an excellent job managing this large onboarding process from recruitment through retention without taking their eyes off the execution of our business. We continued to leverage our unique capabilities, world-class technology and the best talent in the industry to further grow our aerospace business in 2018 and beyond. Now, as we look forward for our corporation, we are on track to achieve our 2019 targets. And longer term, we believe that we have a once-in-a-generation opportunities in front of us right now. The strategic rationale of the beverage can acquisition are being realized, and we are truly leaning into our efforts to ensure that the world understands with great clarity that aluminum beverage cans are indeed the most sustainable package in the beverage world. Our aerospace business is very well positioned as technological shifts and resiliency play a more important role for our intelligent communities as well as our war fighters. Our aluminum aerosol business is well positioned for continued growth. And as Scott mentioned, we've begun to deliver on our promise to return significant amounts of capital back to our partners in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And with that Mladen, we are ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. I think we're in good shape. We don't track EVAs and report it externally on a quarterly basis. But you can see in the year-end 2017 where we ended up and it was quite strong. In terms of synergies, as we said from the get go, we're really not going to talk specifically about synergies because we don't want to get into accounting discussion about what's a synergy and what's not a synergy. We just said focus on the EBITDA as a corporation. And we started at $1.53 billion at the mid-2016 and we said we were going to get to $2 billion by the end of 2019. And on an LTM basis, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're at $1.83 billion. I think that just speaks for itself that we're right on that track of getting there.
John A. Hayes: Yes, Scott, this is John. Let me first just reiterate home what you're talking about on the pass-through nature because the issue – we call for everyone, our business is a pass-through model. With the tariffs people have asked us many questions about it, but here in the U.S. over 90% of our metal volume is actually controlled by the customer with the remainder being a straight pass-through. In other parts of the world, we control the metal, but we never sign a contract without having a matched book, meaning the sales price is either linked to a floating aluminum price where the risk is borne by the customer or the metals hedged at the contracted price. We're not in the business of taking risk on aluminum, so all these changes in aluminum are truly a pass-through for us.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Scott, one last thing, remember in the first quarter, the industry in the United States was roughly flat. I think it was down three tenths of a point or something like that. Beer and megabeer is well known, that has been soft. But soft drink was actually up 2.5%. And so, I think that just further reinforces that prices will go up and down, but we have seen no demand destruction.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Let me – I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but let me give you some direction here. As an industry, the alcoholic segment, beer, was down almost 5% here in the United States. And given that we overweight to that, that's a fair kind of baseline from where you want to think about what we did on the beer side here in North America. In addition to that, as I said in my prepared remarks, soft drinks on the specialty side because of the launch of some rebranding of existing brands, as well as just growth on the specialty side, that specialty growth was quite nice, but we did purposely choose not to move forward with supplying some standard 12-ounce containers. So, overall in that, we were down just a little bit. And then, so we were down in North America, a little bit more than that 3%. But then, the Mexican imports offset that to get to the down 3%.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Maybe I'll take a quick step and then I'll turn it over to Dan. But year-over-year, remember we had in the third quarter last year that we had the big hurricanes that was in excess of $30 million, that alone. And then, we've also said with the Goodyear project that in the second half of this year, and it's probably going to be more late third quarter or early fourth quarter. Nothing has changed in terms of our expectations there. But we're going to start to realize the beginnings of that net annualized $50 million of savings. So, those two things alone gets you kind of the upper 40s. And then, we have – really the – then, the plusses and minuses are the continued efficiencies that Dan talked about in terms of predictive maintenance and other things like that, the push on our specialty, the push on our value over volume, but – and then, the biggest unknown as we sit here right now is we're going into what is our strongest selling season in the summer, in the second quarter and third quarter. And so, that's to be seen. The weather has not been helpful to-date, as we all know. Dan referenced that. But as we get into the summer, I do think that can is winning. It's just a function of how our customers ultimately start to position their products. And we feel good, as I said before, on the CSD side there's some – been some tailwinds there. It's just the megabeer here in the United States has been a headwind.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. And it's not just the traditional beer, it's also SpikedSeltzers and other products like that that are extension, alcohol extensions from their core beer business.
John A. Hayes: No, that was – that was largely a first quarter because that carried over year-over-year because that's how the pricing works.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, absolutely. As I said, CSD can – CSD here in the United States was up 2.5% in the first quarter. Dan mentioned in Europe that plastic has been on the hit list, not only in UK which is ground zero today, but even in Russia where they're banning larger-sizes PET. Dan also talked about the beverage can taking share from glass in the beer categories down, not only in Brazil, but also Argentina and other adjacent countries. So, those are just a couple of quick proof points of what we're doing. Based on our analysis, we believe as we sit here right now that the beverage can is the fastest-growing substrate in carbonation beverages. I separate still water because PET is still growing in there. But in carbonated beverages, both on the alcoholic and non-alcoholic side, the beverage – aluminum beverage can is the fastest-growing substrate in the world.
John A. Hayes: Well, maybe I'll take a first stab and then turn it over to Dan. Let's not forget that it's not just canned megabeer in the United States, it's all megabeer in the United States. And we look at the glass side as well and it's equally soft there. Their supply chains are built on longer-cycle issues, so it does take longer than we would like. But having said that, maybe I'll turn it over Dan, we have seen a lot of activity going on.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. I agree. Nothing has changed, said it another way in that, George, nothing has changed on our expectations about as we continue to drive SG&A. We are benefiting a little bit from pension this year and a couple of other little things. But we're also in the midst of transitioning to this global shared service concept and nothing has changed relative to what we've spoken about in the past.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. This is John. Why don't I take the first part of it? And then, Dan can talk about it because I think it's core – this whole push of specialty is a core part of our strategy and that you have to understand that. So, it flows through everything we're doing from contract renegotiations to our footprint to the supply chain optimization Dan was talking about. When you go by region, when you think about it, North America, it's in the mid to upper 30s. It was a little bit less in the first quarter. But don't read into that too much because it's such a seasonally slow. But generally speaking, in North America, it's kind of upper 30s and it's growing quite nicely off a big base. Europe is about the same. And we think we probably have little bit more incremental opportunity because a lot of our specialty in Europe is with a very important energy drink customer. And we think the other parts of the market have greater ability. South America is probably right around 50%, and we've seen a lot of growth there. Argentina isn't nearly as far along with that and the other countries outside of Brazil. But I think they're catching up quickly, so the growth of that is moving very quickly. And then, you go into places in like China which it's probably close to 10%, but it's growing quite quickly. And then, you go to EMEA where it's 75-plus percent. So, in total, it's in that range of approximately 40%. And we think – the question we often get asked is do you think you can get to 50%. And the short answer is yes, we do. It's just a function of time. And that function of time is partially dependent, as Dan said, on some of these new products and the receptivity of these new products and the push by our customers. But rest assured, this is core part and parcel of our strategy.
John A. Hayes: Well, yeah, it is an improving economy, but it's not a healthy economy. The GDP 18 months ago was down 3%, 4%. And now, it's flat. Flat's a heck of a lot better than down 3% or 4%, but it's not like it's growing 3% or 4%. So, you got to think of it in those terms.
John A. Hayes: I think Dan alluded to it earlier. It's – we're entering now a seasonally slow period. And the visibility towards the second half – in the second half of this year, particularly in the fourth quarter, that is the further you go out in these more emerging and developing economies, more difficult it is, and that's our only hesitation. We continue to think that can is going to do very well. But the – we have the elections coming up in the fall in Brazil, and that will play an important part to the overall economic mood of the country.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. But, Adam, I think ever since we've closed on the acquisition, we've talked about value over volume. And I remember talking about it isn't just price. It's about tighter order call-offs. It's about helping our customers becoming more efficient using cans on their line. It's about mix. The 12-ounce is very competitive. And where we compete with others, we're trying to be a leader. But you got to be realistic in terms of your customer alternatives. And what we've tried to do over the past couple of years and continue to do is actually help our customers expand their profit pool in their products, so that they can win. Whether it's better graphics on the craft beer segment, different can sizes that we talked about, the CSD, new can formats, sparkling water, energy drink or even on the beer side that we talked 10 minutes ago and bottles play a part of that. If we can help our customers grow their profit pools, it will help us also.
John A. Hayes: No, that's right. Remember that we said on the last conference call, we expected it to be down year-over-year. We did have a first quarter that was much stronger. We expected it to be strong. Not as strong as it was, so it exceeded our expectations. But again, the greatest uncertainty we have is the second half of the year. As we go into the second quarter, it's going to slow down. We had a strong second quarter in South America last year, so relatively flattish is probably what we expect right now. But it's really the second half of the year which we don't have enough visibility into because, as Dan mentioned, the World Cup which is an off-season event down there, that could be a plus or a minus depending on who's in – how far do the South American teams go in it. And then, we've got this election coming up. And as we all know, when you have elections, in Brazil in particular, the government spending that happens before and after, it'd play a meaningful impact to the overall economic health.
John A. Hayes: Well, remember metal is a complete pass-through, and so that we don't really control that metal. And so, every customer is different. Some have hedged long term, some have done it at the spot rate and everything in between. So, I don't think, number one, we can generalize anything. And number two, all I can tell you is that really that is we work with our customers to optimize that. But the metal fluctuations both positive and negative, when they occur, accrued to the benefit or detriment of the customer.
John A. Hayes: No, nothing has changed from what we've talked about in the past. As I mentioned earlier though, it is what we're trying to do is actually help our customers margin up their business by using specialty. And I think relaunch of a certain soft drink in the first quarter this year is a great proof point to that. When you look at the average retail selling price of the cans that they're using now versus the cans they're using before, it's been a great benefit to them.
John A. Hayes: Well, the short answer is no. We've seen nothing and we don't necessarily expect for the reasons I said before. We're helping our customers grow. One of the things that we need to do a better job of, it makes it – we make it sound like there's two cans, there's just a standard can and there's specialty can. We make over 32 different sizes here in North America alone. Each one of those has a different contribution margin profile having to do with volume, having to do with line loading, having to do with a whole host of things that partially are in our control about how we leverage our footprint and the ability to make multiple sizes, in multiple locations, in multiple geographies, combine that with the volume demand that we have from customers both on a regional and national basis. You put all that together and it does create more complexity in our system. And given that we have a footprint that we can line load that much more effectively than we believe anyone else can, we're going to continue to do that and we're going to continue to push for another 32 different can sizes if it helps our customers grow their profitability. So, yes, you will always see compression as volume grows and you have more competition in any given size. But when you're making over 30 different sizes, it's a very difficult question to answer.
John A. Hayes: In – for example, in the United States and Europe, we really haven't. In the United States, we have not. There is excess filling capacity for all types of products here in the United States. In Europe, yes, we do have it, but at a small level. But to Dan's point, down in South America, off the top of my head, I can think of four or five new can filling lines going in some of these regions that we've been experiencing very strong growth. So, we have seen a – I don't know if you want to call it a shift, but the incremental investment from the filling side has been going in the can.
John A. Hayes: Well, I think, number one, profits will follow revenue. So, I wouldn't expect any material margin expansion or contraction. And I think this past quarter was a good representative. I think the margins were relatively same. On the revenue line, we grew double digits, low-double digits, I think. I think that's a good way to be thinking about it. One of the things that gives us confidence is that's a long-cycle business, so the visibility we have into that literally we can go up three, four, sometimes even five years and look at the visibility. Our won, not booked which is those projects that we have won but we have not booked in the backlog because they haven't been funded yet is at record highs as well. And that's what gives us comfort. As we – that – as those programs get funded and move into our contracted backlog, that's going to extend out this growth pattern that we see.
John A. Hayes: Terrific. Well, we appreciate all the help here and we appreciate all the questions. We look forward to speaking to you at the end of our second quarter. And as a reminder, we are going to have a Investor Day out here in Colorado in the very beginning of October. And if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Ann Scott on that. Thanks, everyone.
Daniel W. Fisher: And on the working capital front, Scott, there shouldn't be much impact, because things that we're doing on the payable side will offset any of the increases on the receivable and inventory side.
Daniel W. Fisher: No, I think you read that right. I mean, it's such a valuable piece of the economic equation, especially on the beer side that they're not going to move away. And historically, we've seen prices at this level and we didn't see any substrate change as a result of aluminum prices or raw material prices. So, we're not seeing that.
Daniel W. Fisher: Sure. I can't really predict the back half of the year. But I would say, first quarter, peak season. And I think Brazil was roughly from a market standpoint in the 9% growth that was certainly a little bit ahead of where we thought it would be, heading into the year. We certainly benefited from that. I think a lot is going to play out here in the back half of the 2018 relative to – it won't be peak season, but relative to World Cup and I think also the presidential elections and heading into 2019, we'll be watching that, but we're certainly off to a really nice start and the teams performed really well. And then, other parts of South America are also trending ahead of where we thought and ahead of where even our customers thought. So, I think a lot of that has to do with the can versus substrate mix. And then also, as I said in my opening comments, the economic landscape in Brazil, I think, is a little better than even our customers thought at this point.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I think – well, first of all, our footprint is really strong in those two areas, so we benefited from the strength in those smaller regional aspects of Europe. Some of it is absolutely from World Cup pre-build, but there's also certainly a conscious movement away from plastic in that part of the world, Russia in particular. And we're benefiting from new can sizes and really the strength of our customers winning from a substrate standpoint in that particular area of the world.
Daniel W. Fisher: Sure. That's exactly what's happening. I think it's – there was a conscious effort by one of the key market players down in South America to push cans more aggressively against an incumbent returnable glass player and that has created some nice tailwinds in that marketplace. And it's continuing to build in terms of the can's penetration just from a overall substrate mix. And we're continuing to make incremental investments just to keep pace with the market. So, we'll – and we'll continue to do that as the can continues to win.
Daniel W. Fisher: I would say, on average, we're turning over contracts 15% to 25%, in our aggregate portfolio and there's really no significant variations to that.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. Based on what we know today, we feel very confident that we won't have any disruptions in supply chain or impacts to the supply chain.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I think the only thing I'd add to those comments is that we talked quite a bit last year that we weren't as effective in the pre-build inventory. Heading into peak season last year we've made a conscious effort on the supply chain to manage that with our customers. So, if the sales show up, we should have a much more efficient supply chain cost to delivering those products.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. That's a great question. I think, on one hand, you're seeing the traditional beer products and brands maybe not doing as well, so rest assured that our major megabeer customers are – they have a lot of queue of innovative products that they're leading with can, sleek cans, different channels. We're in those discussions. You've started to see some, I mean you could reference things like Michelob ULTRA, that was a conscious decision on how they branded that and that's done exceedingly well. But I would expect to see more and more of those things rolling out here over the next 18 months and we should – we should benefit from some of those discussions.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I think George, the other thing just to keep in mind why I think you probably know this, but in the megabeer category in the U.S., you've also got vertically integrated assets from the two major players that they're going to leverage those as long as they can. And I think they're kind of waking up to – they need to be putting out new products that differ from the traditional beer category and they need to do it in different channels with different packages.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. There will definitely be stuff that comes out this summer. Then, the million-dollar question is at the magnitude of how does the end consumer believe in that product and purchase that product will be whether or not we have a significant volume lift or not.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I would just say just on the operational side, one of the things that we've been really pleased with via the acquisition has been kind of the lean mentality that we acquired in really from the Rexam operational folks. And I think we've got two to three new Shingo certified facilities over there. We're installing new supply chain software that's helping us kind of manage our freight and our supply chain better. And then, the lean programs are slightly ahead. I mean, this is not – each of those aren't significant. But all of them added together, they're – I think like to Scott's point, Europe is really doing a nice job across the board on working all these efficiency programs.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah, the – for Europe, I would say, George, that we saw some favorable mix just because of our regional positioning and footprint. So, those benefits, I'm not entirely sure they'll continue for the balance of the year, I think more. We expect to be kind of in line with where we thought for Europe. But certainly, the significantly or improved performance in Russia coming out of the gate was a little better than we anticipated.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. Actual beer consumption was slightly down, so that's probably not going to help your calculation there if you reverse engineering this.
Daniel W. Fisher: But the problem with – the problem with returnable glass is, I mean are they restocking inventory? I mean that ultimate – I can't answer that question, I don't know what that is. For us, it's all incremental sales. And from what we've seen, this is not just on the megabeer or the big players in the market. There's an awful lot of craft beer now. There's an awful lot of 100% – or different European malt-based products. All of those are coming in 100% cans, and they're taking share and they're taking share from glass. I think that's where the genesis of my comments are coming from. I can't comment though, Adam, on the returnable glass mix or the restocking of inventory or the breakage or any of that in the supply chain for some of the beer folks.
Daniel W. Fisher: Well, it's specific to Q1 results year-over-year for North America, why we're down 3% versus the market being flat, that was a callout that was required for this call.
Daniel W. Fisher: I would say, from a year-over-year standpoint you'll have a more normal pattern in Q2. As you may recall and we mentioned this last year, the Saudi carbonation tax took place in Q2 of last year. And so, that hurdle continued all the way through Q1. But we will see a normalized pattern in the back half of the year. We saw a little bit weaker volumes in Egypt versus our expectations like coming out of the gate. But those are trending back to more in line with our expectations and our guidance. So, I mean it's still a tough market. The macro environment's not great there and the carbonation taxes obviously have increased the price, the end consumer. But we still like that region. It's profitable. And we think over the next two to three years, we'll return back to kind of a more normal demand profile versus what we acquired.
Daniel W. Fisher: No fundamental changes. Obviously, the star in the group is the sparkling water category. I think tea is this kind of a nominal growth opportunity. You see most of that through the peak season in the summer months. But craft beer, really good growth, continues in that 20% to 30% range and that's mostly a substrate penetration. But also end consumers shifting their preference to that. But yeah, we haven't seen any changes to the very positive trends in those categories, and we're still bullish on those for the foreseeable future.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. I think there are – if you look at the charge (24:16) from last year, it's really tied to those things at the volume. I mean, it's – there's not that much of a difference from last year. But we said going into the quarter, we'd have some headwinds from startup costs. But as Dan said, we expect to overcome those as we move through the year and improve performance throughout the rest of the year.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, Goodyear should reduce as we get in the first quarter, we're already started making cans there, so that should come down, they come – should be operational here in May. And in Europe, more of that – more of the startup costs will hit the second quarter than in the first quarter.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah, it's most of that. We do have some ruble exposure, but it's really a dollar-based business. And then, it's invoiced in rubles, but we hedge – you can hedge some of that. So, there's really not that big of an impact.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. I think Europe, on the cost side, is doing a very good job. They've had a multi-year program to get cost out and they're tracking to that. There's more things to do. But they've had success. They're also benefiting from some other synergies. The original synergies that we baked into the deals. So, I would say, they're performing pretty well.
Scott C. Morrison: And George, on the SG&A, as we've done in 2019, I don't think we'll be done. I think we'll have completed a lot of what we wanted to do. But as you go through these things, you always find new opportunities, so they'll be more after 2019.
Scott C. Morrison: And for the cash outlays on the Rexam integration there, we're not really looking at it that way, George. This is one integrated business now. So, we're going to spend north of $600 million in CapEx. We've got some severance things that are going to get paid for some of the closures that we've already announced – or disclosure that we announced in Europe. This is one business now. We're not looking at that as synergy capture, spending like that. It's just it's Ball.
Scott C. Morrison: And we also have the benefit of the INS deal from the sale of the business in the first half of the year that goes away in the second half.
Scott C. Morrison: Well, there's still a bit of a benefit this year that we'll experience to get to the $900 million. We're going to spend more capital this year. And then, in 2019, I think we'll probably spend less capital because we got a couple big projects that we're doing that will end this year. And we expect a nice pop in earnings. And so, it's really too early to call how much working capital will be part of that $1 billion of free cash flow in 2019.
