John Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aerospace business reported a solid quarter given the difficult comps they were up against. Contracted backlog ended the quarter at $714 million and anticipated reduction year over year as we await word on program bids that are in process. Our capabilities and products are well positioned as affordable solutions and there are a number of awards that we expect to take place throughout 2015. The employee base at aerospace continues to perform exceptionally well on existing programs and just this month was awarded its third consecutive Boeing supplier award for high performance avionics as well as a silver Supplier Excellence award and a business management award from Raytheon for our work in the tactical products area. Now looking out across our company today, we have a lot of execution in front of us now and in the future to reap the rewards of the capital projects coming online in the second half of 2015 and early 2016 as well as reaching completion on the proposed offer for Rexam. In the near-term, our businesses are generating significant free cash flow. From a comparable net earnings perspective versus 2014, the best we can do is offset everything other than the currency affects that are expected to continue through the rest of 2015. While metal premiums and startup costs will persist as headwinds in the in the second quarter and currency translation will remain a headwind for the balance of the year, our business remains solid. Everyone at the company is working hard day and night and day in and day out improve Ball for the long term benefit of our fellow shareholders. And with that, Tommy, we're ready for questions.
John Hayes: The reason why we're moving expeditiously on this is because the customer is in strong need of cans for their business. We have been working with them for a while on this so this is nothing new. I do think that the startup that we have all hands on deck with respect to it. We're moving dirt, we're starting to put in -- build the facility as we speak right now. So while it may look like it's a quick start up, we're pretty confident that will be able to achieve that. With respect to the customer contract, I'd rather not go into detail other than to say it is a long term contract for their beverage can needs.
John Hayes: Yes, George, whereas I mentioned I think in my comments and even on the February 5 call, we expected it to be starting up late in the first quarter/early second quarter and that's exactly where we're. It is new technology so it always has its ups and downs. But as I said before, we have all hands on deck getting product into the warehouses so that we can sell to the customer as we move forward. We're excited about the technology as it is a version 2.0 relative to the Alumi-Tek bottle and I think from a capability point of view, it's going to show the world that we're doing some pretty neat things in terms of aluminum bottle cans.
John Hayes: Yes, sure, Ghansham, let's start in North America -- let's start in the beverage can businesses. In North America I don't think we see any appreciable changes. What we're seeing is strong specialty growth and that's largely offsetting the standard 12-ounce container declines. I think the market was off in the first quarter almost 1%. We were off a touch more but nothing appreciably and it just had to do with timing of certain things. The same trends that we've seen historically we continue to see here which is softer 12-ounce, stronger specialty, continued penetration in the beer category. But the overall beverage category is to be relatively flat to down. So the can is generally winning relative to other substrates. I think in Europe, the market was up a couple of percent. We were roughly flat, up very slightly. But again it was first quarter. Recall that 2015 doesn't have any special events related to World Cups or European championships and so we expect a couple of percent growth in the European market. I will say that we're hand to mouth right now relative to cans as we enter into the summer. So the capacity is quite tightened. It's important that our folks are working well on getting the Oss capacity up on stream. Down in Brazil, we were impacted this first quarter largely by customer mix. We service a customer that wasn't doing so well and another customer that we don't service was doing much better. So, we were down a little bit more to the market. But we had anticipated the overall market to be to be relatively flat for 2015 and I think that's exactly what we see. And so, we think our volumes will normalize as we go through the balance of 2015. And then in Asia, as Scott had mentioned on the February 5 call, we're seeing good volume growth but unfortunately the pricing environment is very challenging, so it's really not contributing any more profits to where we're. And we expect the volumes to continue probably not as much as in the first quarter. We had a little bit later of a Chinese New Year and so I think that helped out. We saw strong growth. The industry was up about 17% and so we don't expect that but certainly double-digit growth as we go into 2015, we would continue to expect. And then on the food and household product side, you know on the aerosol side, we're doing well both on the aluminum and the tinplate. We were up kind of low- to mid-single digits in both of those categories. Europe was a little bit slow only because we're so tight in capacity and that's why we're putting new capacity in UK. And in the food can business, we talked about the declines. When you really strip out the customer that we lost, we were flat year over year and actually up slightly in the first quarter while the overall market was down. But again, let's not forget that first quarter is a seasonally slow quarter. So as we look out to the balance of the year, nothing has changed appreciably relative to our volume expectations for the industry or our own business.
John Hayes: No, Ghansham, no it has not. Our contracts are usually multiyear by nature. Most of them were concluded in the fall to early winter last year, so it was prior to the Rexam announcements. We see no changes.
John Hayes: And Chip, those have to do with legal fees, it has to do with commitment fees, accounting, financial advisor fees, things like that.
John Hayes: Yes, actually I think I just went through it, but I'm happy to do it real quickly again. In North America, overall market was down about 1%. We were down slightly more than that but it just had to do with geography and mix. There's nothing appreciably different there. In Brazil, the overall market is down a couple of percent, we were down a touch more than that mid- to upper-single digits. It largely had to do with our customer mix. We had a customer that wasn't performing as well relative to some others that we don't do business with. And then in the Asia business it was up nicely double digits decently and the overall market was up 17%. As I mentioned also, unfortunately, it didn't really contribute to much to the improved profitability because the pricing has been quite challenging there.
John Hayes: No, but we're going to be servicing a lot of the quality and customer service out of our existing North American business. So just think about this as being a new plant and there's not tremendous amount of exist -- additional overhead built other than what would be at the plant level.
John Hayes: And let's not forget some of the earnings -- the earnings shortfall related to currency translation, that is a noneconomic -- that is not necessarily cash, that's just translation of earnings from, in this case, euros to dollars. So that doesn't necessarily have an appreciable impact on cash flow.
John Hayes: You know, we're going to get a point where we've been -- the first quarter was a lot stronger than we thought and we're not investing in China because we don't think it could be the pricing environment is such that we could make the returns that would we would require as part of that. So I would expect the from an industry perspective we still see strong beverage can growth. I think it will moderate a little bit. As I said, we were helped by the Chinese New Year, the timing of Chinese New Year this year. The overall beer market is relatively flat China. But you are seeing very good can penetration growth rates and that's what's been driving it, particularly on the high-end of the beer category in China. But, as I said also, we're not going to be investing unless we can make economic returns. So, we're going to start to hit capacity utilization issues probably later on this year. And I certainly hope, although we have not seen it yet, that the supply-demand situation will tighten up to a point where pricing gets more moderated.
John Hayes: Well, you know they're all different. But if you just say Ball is in EVA company and it expects to make at least 9% after-tax -- obviously, at the weight average, the tax rate, but call it 15% pretax on $200 million of capital. So that's what? $30 million of EBIT and that's probably a minimum benchmark that we would look towards.
John Hayes: First, both lines will not be coming up at the same time, but they will be -- we're putting them in at the same time. One will start up and then shortly thereafter, probably a quarter, maybe two quarters beyond that, the second line will start up. And then with your other question, yes, we currently are shipping certainly not near the level that we will be manufacturing. But as they start to ramp up, we're seeding volume for them.
John Hayes: I was going to say I think strategically we're not in the business to be taking risks that are not in our control. And so this is something that for many, many years the European premium really didn't move at all. So it was never viewed as a risk. I think starting in 2013, we started to identify it. We have been trying to take the necessary actions to derisk our business, but we work in a very competitive environment. And so, you can do certain things with certain customers if they agree to and if they have alternatives, you're not able to do those types of things. So it is our strategic intent to reduce the risk of things we can't control in our business. That may be a bit cryptic but that's another way of saying we're trying to work with our customers on this.
John Hayes: First with respect to specialty margins, we see no appreciable change to where our margins are. I think what you're referring to is from a competitor. That was on a specific size that while we participate in it, isn't a huge part of our portfolio and I think it was isolated to a competitive situation on that size. With respect to the acquisition of the Sunoco Phoenix EZO end facilities, yes, we're quite excited about that. We didn't talk too much about it but it's a -- we brokered from EZO ends from the Sunoco Phoenix business for many, many years and, as the market continues to decide whether it's -- one year they're going strong in the EZO, the next year it is out. We thought it was a good value for us to get into that business. At the end of the day the profitability of it isn't material to our Corporation and we didn't disclose it. It's nice but it's not material. So I don't think you'll see a huge change in that, but it does provide a capability that we were lacking in terms of our customer needs.
John Hayes: Yes, we're. The overall German market in the first quarter was up, I think, around 15% or so largely driven by -- we've talked for years that the big breakthrough for Germany with likely be once the big discounters, all the [indiscernible] start to list cans and it was in the first quarter that both entities started listing it. So that's exciting. I think as we look forward you should expect the German market to continue to grow. How quickly and whether or not it gets back to that 6 billion to 7 billion units it once was, it's premature to say that. But the key to it was getting distribution of cans throughout Germany and now that's in place.
John Hayes: I think it's less than that. And again, you have to parse out what is consumed in Germany versus what is exported from Germany. And I think the consumed in Germany is much closer to about over between 1.5 billion and 2 billion units. Probably closer to 2 billion units. And then there's another billion or so, if not a little bit more, that are exported, filled and exported from Germany. What I was referring to really was the consumption in Germany.
John Hayes: Yes, you know there is really no update. We still have a tremendous amount of opportunities we're chasing. The backlog did go down a little bit, but nothing has changed in terms of the balance of 2015. I've long since abdicated the ability to predict when the timing of some of these things will happen, but I think the opportunities that longer term hasn't changed at all.
John Hayes: A lot of it was timing is what I would say. Recall that on the February 5 call and maybe even the call back in October, we talked about pricing in Europe was a little bit more challenging than what we would've liked and so there was little bit of pricing, not huge, but a little bit. So I wouldn't read too much into that. As Scott had said in his prepared remarks, we expect for the full-year 2015 on a constant currency basis that our profitability would be up in that segment.
John Hayes: I think we expect to the full-year -- you really can't take the first quarter and extrapolate out because it's the seasonally slowest quarter. We lost a little bit of share in the first quarter, but it really just had to do with exactly what you said. It depends upon geography and where the weather is warm and where the weather is cold. Our soft drink was a little bit stronger than we expected and our beer was little bit weaker than we expected and it had to do with the various geographies. We were a little bit softer in the UK than the overall market, but that just had to do with the customer mix we had there. We were, as we talked about, strong in Germany. In France, it was a little bit weaker but that had to do was soft drinks. So I wouldn't read too much into it.
John Hayes: Well, you know we did talk about this. On the February 19 call people had asked had we talked to customers at that time and the answer was no because we hadn't announced a transaction. We've been very actively engaged with our customers, not only as part of the regulatory approval process but it's an opportunity to really articulate what the benefits to the customer are to them in terms of broadening the geographic footprint, leveraging the innovation, ensuring the can is the most competitive from a cost point of view, sustainability, all those various things.  And so when you ask is if there's surprises relative to the customer discussions we've been having, the short answer is no only because we had discussions with our customers about all those things in the past, broadening the footprint, sustainability, making sure we're as cost competitive as possible and leveraging our innovation.
John Hayes: Well, you know people always try and categorize it as 12-ounce -- in North America, 12 ounce and specialty. And specialty is 20 plus different sizes. It's so we have to be careful when we describe it. And there's also maturity curves on each and every one size as time goes on. What we're trying to do and have been successful in doing so far is to continue to be out front relative to different can sizes whether it's heights, whether it's diameters, whether it's the amount of product that goes in the container. So, let's be careful when we talk about specialty. But specialty continues to grow. And just to get -- on the February 5 call, we said in 2014 it's reached about 28% of our portfolio. By my math in the first quarter it was 30% of our portfolio. We saw good growth in North America. We saw good growth in Europe. We saw very good growth off a very low base in Asia. We didn't have the growth in Brazil only because our volumes were down. But what we've been seeing is here in North America, for example, we've been relatively flat over the last 18 if not a couple of years because the standard 12-ounce, largely in the soft drink segment, have been declining kind of mid-single digits and specialty has been growing double digits. And you combine those two on a weighted average basis and you get relatively flat. Answering your question about the returns of new investments relative to 3 to 5 years ago, the biggest difference is that specialty is becoming of a size now that we're dedicating lines to specialty formats, where in the past our investments were much smaller because it was converting 12-ounce lines to specialty containers. And any time you have a conversion the returns are probably a little bit better there because you're not putting in bricks and mortar and other things like that. But having said that, the investments we're making and specialty in terms of new capacity in bricks and mortar, we're still satisfied what the returns there.
John Hayes: Well, why don't I take a first crack at that. It's important to point out that -- someone asked this question earlier, a fair amount the majority of the cans that we will be making in Mexico we expect to be exported to other markets outside of Mexico. And so while your question is relevant, it may be less relevant relative to this investment. But the overall can market, I forget off the top of my head the exact size of it. I think it's about $11 billion or so. It's been growing 3% to 5% and the can mix, again beer versus soft drink, we're seeing the same thing down in Mexico terms of beer that we've been seeing around the world where there's been a trend towards cans relative to glass. I think it's around 30% or so right now and that's been up from 20% probably a few years ago. On the soft drink side, it's still largely a PET business, although the can penetration is kind of probably in and around 10% which we see in many other parts of the world.
John Hayes: It really has to do with at the end of the day what the metal premium level is. And it spiked to a record high in the first quarter. It's been coming down. Where it settles and where, as Scott said, with the ability going forward to be able to hedge how we do that and how we neutralize it, it's premature to speculate. But as Scott said, your math is correct.
John Hayes: George, this is John, I'll take the first question about, if we had to go cost out. We do this all the time. One of the things we don't talk a lot about is over the last 18, 15 months we've been moving towards a shared service model in terms of the back office efficiencies and we've had a little bit of upfront costs getting that up and running. But we expect as we look out the next 24, 36 months that we're going to see a tremendous amount of efficiencies. Everything from how we pay payroll, for example, to how we administer our benefits, how we invoice our customers. There's a whole bunch of activities on a regional basis but even a global basis on standing various projects up and offices up. And then the next step is being able to take those costs out of the local plants or the local regions where they're inefficient. So, I think there's a lot of opportunity and we're actually chomping at the bit to get after some of that. So we're going to be accelerating. That is what we do each and every day. We're well incentivized to try and take out as much costs as quickly as possible relative to servicing our customers and so that's what we're going to be doing. If you talk about footprint, we have no plans on the table right now in terms of looking at our footprint because in most of the geographies, if not all the geographies we operate, we're very tight from a capacity point of view. And so I would not anticipate we would do that. The last question I think was about customers and renewals. As I'm thinking and I look to Scott as well, I can't think of anything that is abnormal that we have a significant amounts of business up for renewal. North America just by definition the size of our contracts are large but there's nothing that stands out. We've renewed customer contracts over the past couple of years. They are typically always multiyear contracts. In Europe, we might have a little here and there, but again it's much -- the size of those contracts are much more distributed and smaller. And then in China, we do have a contract that's up for renewal at the end of this year that's probably one of our largest if not our largest over there. So we're very focused on that. Those are the only things that come into my mind.
John Hayes: Okay, great. Thank you, Tommy. We appreciate everyone's support and we'll be in touch in the second quarter. Thank you.
George Staphos: I'll ask two questions and turn it over. John, to the extent that you can comment on the Monterrey facility, the startup seems to be quite quick relative to the announced date. Now certainly, you're not novices in building beverage can plants but can you comment as to what hurdles may exist at all in building the Monterrey facility? Why it seems to be coming out so quickly? Can you comment at all in terms of the length of contract with the majority customer there? And then I had one quick follow-on. Thank you.
George Staphos: And then related beverage packaging question. Can you comment all in terms of the next technology in aluminum bottles, a new shape and size initiative that you have. Anything you could share here would be great and will turn it over.
George Staphos: Guys, the question I had for you is in terms of all the activity that you have going on, if you had to respond to a new customer request for facility, not sure that you actually want to in 2015 in 2016, but do you have the resources that if you did have an award that you could actually start working on it with everything else that you have going on? I had a related question.
George Staphos: I'll let you know. We'll talk off-line about the royalty. But all kidding aside, the related follow-ons would be if you had a need, hopefully there won't be -- but let's say there was a market dislocation, a weak summer, something of that ilk where you then needed to have another discrete cost-out program above and beyond your normal cost reduction program, do you have again the resources to attack something like that if need be? Similar question, I'm assuming that as you were planning all of these projects and other strategic initiatives you were doing it with an understanding of what your various contract renewals would need to be or look like. Do you have any significant, specifically in beverage cans but anywhere you'd like to talk be helpful, contract renewals that we should be mindful 2016 and 2017? If you can update or remind us on that, that would be great. Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Scott Morrison: That's not related to the hedges. What I meant were the transaction costs, the cash transaction costs that we will have. And this year is kind of hard to handicap, but they could be upwards of $40 million this year.
Scott Morrison: The bulk of the fees get paid on the closing of the transaction, so all of that kind of flushes through at once.
Scott Morrison: No, it's more just kind of the mix of earnings where we're making the money. We're making little bit more money in higher tax rate jurisdictions.
Scott Morrison: Well, it cost us $8 million in the first quarter. There really isn't a -- there really aren't hedges for this -- this is really European premium and there's just starting to be a market to be able to hedge those premiums but historically there has not been. So most of that -- it flows through and so it flows through timing wise more higher inventory will flow through. So there is about a quarter lag probably to seeing lower prices from the decline in the premium. So that's why we say in the first quarter we had a big it, it will moderate in the second quarter and then we should be able to -- we should offset that kind of the drag that we've had in the first half of the year in the second half if the premiums continue on the trend they've been on.
Scott Morrison: Yes, the earnings are little bit softer, but we said coming into this year, it's really not that different from where we sat in February we did the call. We expect working capital to be another source of cash flow this year and we continue to believe that. So that's where it's coming from.
Scott Morrison: Yes, we expect that. Oss is up and running producing cans now and you know there's a learning curve to that. And then for Lublin we're putting in another end module there and hired the people for that. And so that will move. But as you get through this -- kind of into the second half of the year a lot of those costs should dissipate or should reduce.
Scott Morrison: On the Europe side, they continue to make good progress on cost-out. It's a little bit of a mixed bag right now because you are ramping up costs to deal with the new line and the new end module. But if you take a step back from that they're still doing a good job of taking cost out. And North America is always on that plan of always maximizing, reducing costs. The performance in North America has been very solid because of that.
Scott Morrison: It's a lot of assumptions in that question. So, yes, if prices stay lower it would be helpful in 2016.
Scott Morrison: It would move this is a total company to probably 50% U.S. dollar, 50% rest of the world currencies with the rest of the world currencies a big chart -- the vast majority is euro. Rubles and things like that are really small. Right now, for Rexam, I think there about 5% of revenues so on a combined business it's 2% or 3%; sterling kind of the same thing, 2% or 3%. So the vast majority is euro and dollar.
Scott Morrison: Let's say even if we were recover what we gave up -- what we give up in the first half of the year in the second half of the year, that premium is still at an elevated level what it was back in 2013.
Scott Morrison: And so the premium appears to be heading back to kind of that 2013 level or below. So I would say this more upside to that. How much, I'm not going to predict at this point.
Scott Morrison: In 2013, it was €8 million and that was off of the 2012 number, right? So I think there's more to go.
Scott Morrison: I would say the one addition to that, the difference now versus where we sat a year ago or two years ago is there is a developing market to be able to hedge that premium. And so when you enter into contracts going forward, while it is still a relatively new market it appears that you'll have an ability to hedge that premium. So, I would agree with all of John's comments. The new fact is the ability to hedge it potentially which can also reduce that volatility.
Scott Morrison: There will be some color on it in the Q, but we really did most of this through various types of collar structures. So there's a range of rates. So there really isn't just one rate. And it was really to ensure that the economics on pretty close to the day we agreed to the deal that that's the economics that we'll end up with when we close the deal. So there really isn't just one rate that you can peg. But it will give a range in the Q as to what that range might be.
Scott Morrison: Let me clarify on the math. It was down $26 million, $13 million of that was currency, $8 million of that was metal premium and $3 million was startup cost. So I get to $2 million. So the $2 million that John is talking about and maybe a little absorption is the $2 million.
Scott Morrison: I'm not that optimistic in the near-term because I think there's still a lot of capacity. So I think the pressure is going to continue to be on. So, we're doing everything in our power to take out costs and become more efficient to be able to perform.
Scott Morrison: I'm not going to predict what's going to happen in 2016, but I don't -- you know, your math is correct.
Scott Morrison: Sure, I think that getting to a number, I think the working capital benefit this year will be a little greater than it was last year. A lot of that has to do with improvements that we're making -- I am sorry, it would be a little less than it was last year. I apologize. But a lot of the improvements that we're making have to do with systems that allow us to manage inventories better. The businesses have done a fantastic job of reducing inventories. There is also things that have gone on the receivable side and the payable side, but a lot of it has to do with inventory and the investments we've been making. And so, how much more of that we can get, I don't know. Each year we seem to be able to come up with sources over the last number of years. At some point, you kind of have to hold serve and that won't continue. But at least for '15, we see a good source from a working capital standpoint.
Al Kabili: Scott, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on the hedges related to the proposed Rexam acquisition. Is there a specific sterling-U.S. dollar rate that you locked in with the hedges for the cash portion or maybe some sensitivities around exchange rate fluctuations there? Thanks.
Al Kabili: Okay, all right, we'll look for that. And then also just on the bridging the decline in the Europe beverage earnings EBIT. Was there anything else besides the FX metal premiums and start-up costs that had weighed on first quarter results? Because by my math, excluding the cost you laid out, there was still may be of $5 million gap down year over year there.
Al Kabili: And then final question I guess, John, to the degree you can in this type of forum comment, but just in terms of the customer reaction to the proposed Rexam acquisition how you're feeling, if there's been any surprises there. Thanks.
