Daniel W. Fisher: Thanks, John. I also want to thank our employees, customers and supply chain for their collaboration to maintain our industry's ability to serve consumer demand. In North America and EMEA, we would typically see a seasonal slowdown by this time in the year. However, our global beverage teams in all regions continue to operate at maximum capacity. Our operations, HR and environmental health and safety professionals continue to keep our Ball family safe and vigilant, which will enable our ability to respond to our customers' and consumers' growing demand. As we laid out at our Virtual Investor Day, it is an exciting beverage can market with more customers and consumers choosing sustainable aluminum packaging for their beverage of choice. By 2025, we expect the global beverage can industry to grow by approximately 100 billion units. To serve Ball's approved and contracted demand for sustainable aluminum beverage packaging, our team will be adding at least 25 billion units of capacity by year-end 2023. And by 2025, we see opportunities to add as much as 45 billion units of capacity. As we discussed on recent investor calls, our work to drive true circularity and diversity and inclusion initiatives is having a profound effect on our business. As John mentioned, Ball is hiring a significant amount of new employees, and these initiatives as well as Ball's culture are attracting incredibly talented next-generation employees to Ball. As we look forward, we are thankful that our new lines in Fort Worth and Rome have ramped up successfully. And our two new plants in Glendale, Arizona, and in Pittston, Pennsylvania, are well on their way to provide much needed capacity by mid-2021 and beyond. In addition, our global plant network outside of the US has expanded capabilities in the UK and Eastern Europe, and our new two-line beverage can plant in Frutal, Brazil, will supply additional cans to the fast-growing Brazilian can market. In North America, beverage cans' third quarter volumes grew 6% with half of that growth coming from inventory, drawdown and imports. Going forward, we see volume growth greater than 6% over the next three to five years. And since the Investor Day, we have executed additional customers' contracts, which are longer in duration than the average three to five-year timeframe. In EMEA, segment volumes were up 6% for the quarter due to strength in the UK, Nordics and Russia. Across Ball's EMEA business, demand trends improved throughout the quarter, and positive momentum continued into the fourth. Additional capital projects in the UK and across Eastern Europe provided needed capacity, and we foresee European beverage can volumes up mid-single digits in 2020 and beyond. In South America, volumes were up 30% in the third quarter, driven by increased package mix for aluminum cans in the beer category. Year-over-year earnings growth in the quarter was dampened due to adverse customer mix that will moderate by 2021, and higher cost inventory being carried over from second quarter created by curtailed lines during the height of the pandemic. Beverage cans have been very resilient, with store owners leveraging recyclable aluminum cans over other substrates, and package mix on the shelf remains in the 60% range versus a rate of 50% at the end of the first quarter of 2020. Following discussion with customers in Brazil, we anticipate can growth in the mid- to high-teens, and can mix on the shelf remaining high beyond 2020, and we will bring numerous line additions online in mid-2021. Given our recent Virtual Investor Day, I'll save some extra time to take your questions during Q&A. In summary, global beverage can demand was very strong during the third quarter, and momentum is building for the remainder of 2020 and beyond. Thank you, again, to all of our teams around the globe. 2020 has provided us all with unprecedented challenges, and you've risen to the challenge, time and time again. Your leadership has been nothing short of remarkable. Keep it up, and stay safe during the holiday season. And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.
Daniel W. Fisher: Okay. Thank you. Yeah. I guess the first part of the question is, I guess, you get the sense that we're going to be running all out. Little things that I think specifically the North America team has been doing in particular, I think we've gone to much deeper statistical models on how to run our M&R. So, we're actually hoping to pick up a day or two in terms of less downtime heading into next year. But there is really no seasonality relative to curtailments or typical downtime. We're just going to continue to run all out. And one of the things that I think most of the folks on the call understand is in second and third quarter, there's really no ability to ramp up via our customer networks. They're already traditionally running full out. So, at times like now where they have filling capacity for cans, we will be stepping into that. And there's some momentum and hope for a little stronger fourth quarter than is normal just with the desire to move some of the cans filling and getting away from just in time inventory constraints that a lot of our major customers are enabling. And then, the second question, traditionally for us, we continue to partner with a lot of our joint ventures around the world where we have minority stakes, and we're tapping into a much more global network supply-demand, supply chain process and forecasting process. So, cans are coming from Southeast Asia. They're coming from Korea. They're coming from Africa. They're coming from Central America. The majority of what we're shipping though is continuing to balance, and a lot of it has to do with year-over-year that the beer market was really deemed nonessential in Mexico. So, we used in the second quarter and even the third quarter, we probably have a higher concentration of shipments coming up from Mexico. We will continue to use every route available around the world now that we have a much better process, a much more agile process, and there will continue to be imports heading into next year. But hopefully, the faster we're ramping up obviously, the domestic supply and the domestic cans they don't burden our customer base with the longer inventory supply chain, and the higher freight cost is all going to be hugely helpful. So, we're trying to manage a much more disconnected, much more fragmented supply chain. But our customers will be the beneficiaries of this domestic supply coming online. And we hope to get it to them sooner than we're planning right now.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. We've been – so, right now, the lockdowns aren't as constrained, if you will, as the early parts of the spring in general with Europe. I think last Friday, we saw the Nordics and Germany, that border has been shut. Our plan right now is to continue to run, run full out. The demand profile is still right in line from a shipment basis to what we expected entering the quarter. We obviously have – we're mirroring – our workforce is mirroring a lot of the hotspots within areas of Europe. But up to now, we're still running. We still plan to run. Our projects are on time. And worst-case scenario, we have a small build of inventory, which we probably need heading into next year. But right now, I'm not seeing much change from what we anticipated from a forecast standpoint even six, eight weeks ago from a demand standpoint.
Daniel W. Fisher: We are not seeing – two things. We're not seeing it in terms of the current pack mix. And we're also not hearing that and we're hearing the opposite actually from the strategic that would really move the needle in that arena. And so, yeah, that's somewhat news to us. And in fact, the trends all throughout South America whether it's Chile, whether it's Peru, Ecuador, the move toward cans from returnable glass is being driven as much by the retailers not wanting to carry the inventory swell of glass and the perishable nature of it. And if you really look at a number of the customers in Brazil specifically that are winning, they are winning with specialty can introductions, and a different recipe of beer that's moving away from the corn base. And so, that's what we're – those are the conversations we're having with our large customers, and that's what we're investing behind. So, not aligned 100% with those comments.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yes. That would have been an issue probably 36 months ago. It is – I think we've corrected those types of pass-through where we're burdening the inefficiencies in our freights in our system and our supply chain on about 80% of the contracts. There's still a little bit of exposure there, but most of what we're seeing now is given how tight it is. If we're talking about spot freight arrangements, we're able to negotiate even with the 20% that hasn't been fully corrected in longer-term contracts. We're able to have very different freight discussions if we have to shift to a different can size or a location that hasn't been forecast ahead of time. So, it's very minimal. We're keeping our eye on it, though.
Daniel W. Fisher: One thing to keep in mind as we're transitioning in the fourth quarter, and we talked a lot about it last year, was the scrap headwinds. They lapsed basically at the beginning of the fourth quarter. So, what you saw in Q1, Q2 and Q3 with improved contracts, we had nice year-over-year benefits in all three of those quarters. That benefit won't be as pronounced in the fourth quarter because metal moved in closer to the scrap differential.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I would say what we've characterized and we don't have a professional process to earmark COVID impacts, but what we believe is somewhere in the neighborhood of $4 million of higher cost inventory that rolled from Q2 into Q3. And with the rate we're selling right now in Q3, I believe all of that inventory would have been consumed in the third quarter.
Daniel W. Fisher: We – it's almost the counter of what happened in South America. We actually benefited from some more favorable regional mix and customer mix there. That was the big driver.
Daniel W. Fisher: Sure. I would. Let's focus on 2021 for now because the other items that we've earmarked we're still working on the plants and the execution phase. But what we've communicated previously is we should exit the year 2021 with an incremental 6 billion units of capacity being put into North America. That number can increase. I think there've been comments that we've shared relative to the fact that we're building candidly bigger structures. So, the speed and the timing where we can execute longer-term contracts we will then be able to move pretty quickly on the process equipment. And we've demonstrated we can hire at a very fast rate. So, the 6 billion could be higher. And as we make those decisions to invest in additional lines, we'll certainly comment on that. It could be as much as 10 billion. In Europe, it's – we're investing and we've commented on that in the UK, in Eastern Europe, and we're executing against our short-term growth plans in Russia. We've also added some in-capacity in Poland. So, all of those things are happening to keep pace with the higher-end of the growth rates that I discussed at the Investor Day in Europe. And we've commented on about 2 billion units of additional capacity coming online by the end of the year in South America. Those were the most, I think, succinct comments and the most concrete volume lifts. Rest assured, we've been having ongoing conversations with customers, and we have a number of opportunities to speed the rate of volume increase that most of that will probably happen for 2022. And as those come to fruition, we'll certainly be communicating those.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. The unmet demand is pretty hard to couch. I can tell you on that one, I know that there are – and why I'm hesitant to give you a number there, I can tell you that the speed with which innovations are coming in the alcohol space, that's what has been curtailed. And so, the success rate of those new products is hard to – it's hard to earmark. But that's really where we're seeing it. I think you'd see a much greater proliferation of new product launches, all-in cans, all-in specialty containers. And I'm hesitant to make a call on how big those could be. Yeah. I think we referenced about 10 million units being undersold. My belief is that 2021 will look similar in terms of the number of imports, just because a lot of these ramp-ups will be happening throughout the year. And depending on when our customers, especially in the alcohol space, get comfortable that they can launch these new products, and then put some – put can volume behind it if they're wildly successful, that will be a contributing factor to just how long that import number kind of sits in that same range. I would think it starts to moderate by 2023 and 2024. But again, so much of this is going to be how much more space are retailers going to provide in North America alcohol. It seems like there's a real discernible belief that that's driving a lot of foot traffic. And as that continues to grow, there's a space for it. There'll be an ability for new products to be launched. And again, those are going to be in cans. So, difficult to make a call on the import, but I would perceive two to three years at least at a pretty high level, maybe similar to what we're seeing now.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. Let me try to take the first question about exports from Europe. There's two things. And number one, yes, it's been incredibly tight as referenced to our kind of historical performance here in Q3 and what we're seeing in terms of growth rates in Q4 even with the lockdown. The cans sizes are slightly different, not to get too technical. So, you've got to have the right cans in the right spot able to run the right labels in order to ship them and then fill them in North America. And the folks that are fundamentally able to do that are folks big CPG companies that are in control of their primary filling. And so, you're not talking to every customer about those opportunities, you're talking to the few that can actually execute. And to your very good point, I mean, we need all the cans and then some in Europe. So, we're doing our best to make sure that we are managing allocations in an equitable way, in a fair way, and where there are pockets of opportunity for us to run a few cans for export, we will do that, it's just you've got to have all the stars lined up to make sure that supply chains are able to absorb them, film them, and get them into the retail outlets.
Daniel W. Fisher: And your last question on pricing, the Eurozone is not a monolith. So, yes, there are tighter markets, and economics would dictate that supply demand. If it works, then it should provide us with some opportunities. We haven't had those conversations as of yet. But we're entering into some different dialogue.
Daniel W. Fisher: ...that the three- to five-year historical context is coming in a North America market that was – that had excess capacity. And so, we're completely full in any conversation that we're having right now to grow required investment. And I think that's a lot of times when Scott's referencing, these are good contracts, but they look different. They look different in terms of the length of the contract, and they look different in terms of the economics associated with them.
Daniel W. Fisher: Great question. I would say we – it's ultimately our customers' call. We work with them, and some of the conversations would basically boil down to if you have those three can sizes on one line, and you want to launch those different labels, we can give you X cans or you can constrain it and we can give you Y cans, and in this environment, they're – Y being more, they're taking fewer labels to get more volume because they don't have the pub and bar infrastructure to sell through as John has indicated earlier on the call. This is the opportunity, and this is the market they have. So, constraining the market tiers on product launches and SKU proliferation is benefiting, and I think you could see a lot of the big CPG companies that took that to heart early in the pandemic, Their results were extraordinarily strong I think in the last press releases. Mix. It's a – I think it can have an impact, but this quarter it was favorable in Europe, and it was negative in South America. So, net-net to Ball as a whole, we're not seeing much movement one way or another. Now, there may be a quarter where I referenced a lot more positives, and there might be a quarter where I referenced a little bit more negative. So, that can have an impact. We haven't fundamentally seen it over the last couple of quarters in our results.
Daniel W. Fisher: That's a great question. There has been much more dialogue. It has been wonderful from that perspective. Is there more value capture? Not necessarily simply from the fact that there may be more from our customers because they're not in as much of a reactionary position as it is. We're being proactive with them, finding those pockets of additional can opportunity around the world. That's not something we're – we're helping as the industry leader getting folks in can. So, we don't necessarily view those as opportunities to margin up, if you will.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I think the qualitative, this is – we're definitely hearing this in North America and to a lesser extent in South America, but who we partner with, George, and you know this is the CPG companies that are big innovators. And on the alcohol side, we're finally starting to see the large CPG companies really start to put out products that are winning in the market. And so, what I think they appreciate about our network and what we're offering is we're offering agility and flexibility for their marketing teams and for them. And that agility and flexibility is something coupled with the immediate need for surety of supply. That's a really compelling reason why you want to partner with Ball. And so, we're seeing that be an excellent path into much longer and much more strategic dialogue. And the same thing goes with our supply base.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I think the comment that John made about some of these companies transitioning into "beverage companies". By doing that, they're able to go into a number of bigger profit pools. And what – we've stated that statistic time and time again over the last couple years about just new product launches in North America are almost exclusively going into cans. So, all of that's kind of breeding on itself. I would not characterize the innovation pipeline potentially in the CSD side as robust as maybe what we're seeing from the alcohol side right now. But part of that has to do with can supply. Candidly, we're probably – if we had more cans, I think you'd see a lot more introductions from the CSD side of the house. And I know there's one aforementioned big product launch that was called out a couple of months ago by one of the large CSD providers. And I think if that's widely successful, then, George, I think your theory may play out.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. Overwhelmingly, there're existing customers and existing customers with products that are winning disproportionately in the marketplace. And why I say that you can kind of mirror some of our customers' investments in filling operations, and new breweries, et cetera, those opportunities are the ones that we're having conversations with disproportionately versus new entrants. And some of those – as it relates to North America, some of those products. One, you mentioned seltzers aren't necessarily in Europe. They're not necessarily in some other parts of the world. So, they can be customers that we're dealing with that we're helping in other parts of the world potentially. Still, I would characterize...
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I would say, I think this data point is quite helpful as it relates to the spiked seltzer market. Two years ago, the top two category leads in the spiked seltzer market had roughly 75% of the market share with 10 to 12 SKUs. Fast forward to today, those two category leaders still have 75%, except for there's 120 different products in the marketplace. So, I think the leaders in the market are probably the ones that lead elsewhere in the world. They have figured out how to grow, maintain their category position. And typically, what we've seen is new product introductions happen much, much faster in North America than they do in other parts of the world. So, that's how I would potentially see the seltzer market playing out. It is hard for me to believe that you're not going to be drinking beer in Austria and Germany, but who knows.
Daniel W. Fisher: We're not yet running. We believe that we will be running here at the end of the year, heading into 2021. Every indication, though, every step of the way on the startup, on the testing of the equipment, it's all in line with what we expected. And there's no reason to believe that we won't be exiting next year at kind of the annualized run rate that we anticipate in our business case.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I think, it's your very last comment, you can't paint with it a broad brush. Where we're investing, we like the economic profile and the returns. UK, from that perspective, it's a huge tailwind on sustainability. Similar in many instances in Russia, and a very difficult place to do business. So, we've already got a great team and a great footprint there. So, we've been able to benefit with the growth in that marketplace. And then, other pockets where it's made sense for us to expand, expand quickly at good EVA returns, we're taking advantage of that. But yeah, I would say, look, I mean, if you characterize the investments, and look at what we've called off, we're investing more in North America, to a lesser extent in South America and Europe. But it's not as a result of you can't find really good business opportunities there.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. I would say in earlier conversation on this call, it's like having data at your fingertips to work across all of our regions to try to keep folks in cans, having one set of the truth, if you will, to respond in a quicker fashion, those have been the most important early wins. We're still at the early outset. There's an awful lot you can do with these tools as you can imagine. So, right now, as opposed to embarking on more in terms of module adaptation, it's a key, as John said, surety of supply is everything right now, so we're really focused on those aspects of the tool.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. Good point. With what we characterize today, and when I talked about on this phone call, those are all anchored with long-term contracts. And we understand very well what the products are. There's a home forum. And probably for the next year when we talk about any investment, you're talking about simply moving import cans into domestic can production. So, not a lot of risk, not a lot of unknowns. And yeah, you can characterize it as a pretty rigid set of terms in terms of forecasting even production runs, even deliveries throughout the year with these anchor tenants.
Daniel W. Fisher: Yeah. If you remember, our biggest concern, it hasn't been the supply chain because we've been big believers of the growth and the sustainability message for several years now. So, we ensured that we got out ahead of a number of those from a supply chain standpoint, metal, coatings, all of the things that you can control with your supply base. The biggest challenge and the biggest question mark we had, and I know John and Scott have echoed these as well, is can we hire the people with the appropriate skill mix at the right time, get them trained and start up in line with our expectations and our customers. And I have really been blown away by all of our cross-functional teams that have figured out a way to hire over 1,250 people thus far this year. So, that has been a terrific win for us, and that has largely de-risked a lot of our projects at this point.
Daniel W. Fisher: No. We're keeping our eye on it. There are certain pieces of equipment that – yeah, there's potential for things to move out. And I give our engineering and our procurement organization a lot of credit. We have been managing that, managing the supply chain, doing what we need to make sure that we're candidly maybe a little further ahead on the prioritization list. So, not right now. But at the rate we continue to see these things grow, we're all going to have to be investing at a similar pace.
Scott C. Morrison: Thanks, Dan. Comparable third quarter 2020 diluted earnings per share were $0.89 versus $0.70 in 2019. Third quarter comparable diluted earnings per share reflect strong North American beverage, EMEA beverage and aerospace segment results, and a lower share count offset by higher corporate costs and startup costs related to our new cups business. Due to the pass through of lower cost aluminum and the 2019 sale of the Argentine steel aerosol business and Chinese beverage can assets, revenues for the first quarter were not as high in comparison to unit volume growth. Ball's balance sheet is healthy, and we have focused near term on maintaining ample liquidity and flexibility in the current environment. Year-to-date, we experienced our seasonal working capital build, which was more sizeable than typical, due largely to previously disclosed timing of metal payments. As a result of this timing, ongoing growth initiatives and raw material supply to support them, we anticipate the full-year 2020 working capital investment to be a use of cash in the range of $350 million, which is slightly higher due to accelerating growth conditions. As we sit here today, some additional key metrics to keep in mind. Our full-year effective tax rate on comparable earnings will be in the range of 17%, full-year interest expense will be in the range of $275 million and full-year corporate undistributed costs recorded in other, non-reportable are now expected to be in the range of $55 million. Our 2020 cash from operations will continue to be strong, and longer term, we see a path to doubling our cash from operations by 2025. We will be investing even more growth CapEx to expand aerospace facilities, beverage can production capacity in North America, EMEA and South America, while also investing in our aluminum cups business. With this growth, we also anticipate working capital to be a use of cash, but it's too early to quantify the amount at this time. Contrary to past sizable M&A deals, Ball is embarking on a multiyear phase of internal investments to serve organic growth for beverage cans, and support new contracted volumes. At this point, 2020 CapEx is expected to exceed $900 million. Ball continues to be good stewards of our cash, and will prudently balance real-time growth opportunities with consistent return of value to our shareholders. Given our strong operating cash flow, we are managing the business appropriately for the long term, investing capital with an eye on EVA returns, managing our balance sheet effectively, and consistently returning value to our long-term shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to you, John.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. This is Scott. They had really good margin performance. A lot of it is much more efficient in the production processes that we have versus a year ago. I would say the one thing to think about in the fourth quarter is we'll have more startup than we had last year. We had virtually no startup costs in the fourth quarter last year. And as we wrap up Glendale and Pittston, we'll see some of that in the fourth quarter. So, I wouldn't expect that margin performance to remain in the fourth quarter, but it'll still be good.
Scott C. Morrison: No. As we've talked about before, we're in a growth mode, so we'll probably orient more of that free cash flow or more of our cash flow to be investing in our business. So, at this point, we'll buy enough so that we're not issuing shares as it relates from option plans and things like that. But at this point, we don't have any defined buyback plans for 2021.
Scott C. Morrison: ...relates to that, we don't expect to de-lever, so you think about the plug being share buyback and dividends.
Scott C. Morrison: No. I think we're increasing both the CapEx spend that we're going to spend over $900 million this year. And we're also going to have a little more investment in working capital. So, think of the difference year-over-year, about half of the difference from last year will be increased capital spend, and the other half being increased working capital.
Scott C. Morrison: Yeah. I think, maintenance ramps up a little bit as you bring on new plants. But it's still in the $275 million to $300 million range. And think of a new plant that comes online, these are bigger plants. So, you might have $3 million of maintenance a year in a plant like that.
John A. Hayes: Great. Thanks, Scott. Our aluminum aerosol business saw global volumes in the quarter decline low-teens, driven primarily by double-digit growth in India offset by double-digit declines in Europe and North America. Looking ahead, we welcome our new colleagues from the Tubex acquisition in Brazil, and we look forward to integrating the plant into our global aerosol operations. As mentioned previously, our aerospace business reported approximately 21% revenue growth, 26% segment earnings growth due to strong contract performance offset by some continued operational inefficiencies created by the COVID-19 environment. Looking ahead, the growth trajectory of the business is even stronger with contracted backlog growing 14% since second quarter, and won-not-booked backlog at $4.9 billion. We continue to be very excited about the long-term prospects of the business as well. In summary, Ball continues to be uniquely positioned to lead and invest in sustainable growth while delivering value to our shareholders. As we sit here today, our ability to grow comparable diluted earnings per share greater than our long-term goal of 10% to 15% in 2020 is certainly in our reach. Our teams will do everything possible to outperform this, while being keenly focused on working safely and executing capital investments. Beyond 2020, we look forward to driving our business to deliver long-term diluted earnings per share growth of at least 10% to 15%, and achieve or exceed our EVA dollar growth goals of 4% to 8% per year on our growing invested capital base. Our time is now, and we are thankful to one another, and the exciting opportunities in front of us at Ball. And with that, Dimitra, we're ready for questions.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. And I do think that what you're seeing particularly in the third quarter that you're seeing, as Scott mentioned, good operating performance, but you're also seeing the benefits of long term what we've talked strategically from a commercial point of view as well, whether it's mix, whether it's terms, whether it's the freight that we were just talking about, it's a whole host of things, and so it's – our North American beverage can team is hitting on all cylinders, which is exciting.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. The real thing – issue, though, has to do with the mix of both size of end customer. And as we go into the fourth quarter, yeah, we expect some of that to continue. But as Dan said in his prepared remarks, going into 2021, particularly as we go through 2021 and beyond, we feel pretty confident that we're going to be able to get those – that margin profile back to, if not historic levels, much better than it was in the third quarter.
John A. Hayes: One thing I'll just add that we talk a fair amount internally is even after all this internal growth CapEx, we're still generating free cash flow with the earnings growth on a net leverage basis. We're actually deleveraging in that way. And so, we're very cognizant. We're all big shareholders, so, we're very cognizant of that fact, and whether it's every quarter with our board talking about dividends, talking about share repurchases, we have those discussions each and every quarter.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Let me give you some – a little additional color around it. The overall packaged liquid volume was down in Europe, was down low- to mid-single digits, but yet the can was up, we think in or around where Ball is, 6%, 7% increase. So, the can is clearly taking share. And so, I'd say that, as we go into the fourth quarter, we see those trends still continuing. So, what Dan, was talking about is, if things slow down because of these lockdowns in Europe, our inventories are so low right now, we're just going to be replenishing inventory. So, we're not concerned about that. As you go into first quarter, second quarter, these lockdowns continue, well then, obviously you're going to have to revisit that. But as we sit here right now at early November, looking into the end of the year, we should be in pretty good shape.
John A. Hayes: ...three to five years. And what I would say, yes, kind of trending more towards five to seven years depending on what the customer is, and for exactly the reason you said and that we've been talking about. When we have environments like this, and we've been talking with our customers for a couple of years that we see because of the sustainability trends, because we see the new product growth, because of the consumer demanding more sustainable packaging, we think this is a long-term secular thing, and our customers are beginning to see that as well as understanding it. And so, they're going a bit longer, and we're delighted to help them with that, particularly as we make these new investments.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. And the only thing I'd add is let's not forget in the beginning of this pandemic, it was this much about trying to get product on the shelf. And so, the retailers played an important part of it. And so, they were trying to reduce the number of SKUs that they were loading on the shelves. So, it really was through supply chains that were working hand in hand with each other.
John A. Hayes: Yeah. Just to give you a context. So – as you know, we have a new plant in Glendale, Arizona. We haven't had made cans yet. In fact, we're still installing equipment. We will be for the next couple months. We're already talking about building that out to the brim in terms of the bricks and mortar, and being done within 12 to 18 months of doing that. When we announced that plant, that was more of a 36-month plan to do that, and so we've accelerated because that reduces the number of imports, but as this growth continues, what we've realized is not only will we be filling out that plant but they also need those import cans. And that's what Dan has been talking about a bit, and that's why we are moving as fast as we can in terms of these new capacity startups.
John A. Hayes: Yeah, George. This is John. Maybe I'll let Dan take the second part in a minute, and I'll try and tackle the first part because you've been around this industry a long time. At the end of the day, it's surety of supply. It's what they are relying on, and in an environment where supply exceeds demand, it's very easy to cherry-pick and have annual tenders, and move your volume around because you know there's enough, excess in the system that you can play that game. When it's tight, and the outlook says it will not only continue to be tight, but perhaps get even tighter, surety of supply matters. And we've been talking about this for over two years now, in fact, probably three years from now, and it's here. And some customers decided early on that that they saw what we saw, and move forward under long-term agreements, and others didn't. And the others who didn't are the ones scrambling a bit more today. We continue to work with our customers because at the end of the day, we want the can to be growing, and we want our customers to win, because when our customers win, we win. And so, to that point, what we've been saying is we've got the surety of supply for you, it's important in today's environment, and let us work with you to make sure that you have long-term availability at your disposal. Maybe I'll turn over to Dan, and talk about the second part.
John A. Hayes: ...have time for one more – yeah, thank you. Dimitra, we have time for one more question, if there is one.
John A. Hayes: Okay, Dimitra. Well, I want to thank you all for your participation. As always, if you have any follow-up questions, feel free to reach out to Ann Scott, and she'd be happy to address them as appropriate. Everyone, have a good and safe holiday season, and we look forward to talking to you early next year. Thank you.
