Scott Morrison: Thanks, Dave. In the first quarter, Ball's comparable diluted earnings per share were at $0.85, well ahead of last year's $0.77. Drivers during the quarter were positive contributions from the four acquired beverage can plants in the fourth quarter of last year: Volume improvements in our packaging businesses, very good operating performance and cost controls, tax benefits realized on a foreign investment in Asia and a strong start in equity earnings in affiliates in Brazil and further strengthening expected during the remaining quarters of this year. These were offset somewhat by higher interest costs due to the acquisition financing from last year.  Aerospace segment first quarter earnings were down slightly on lower revenue. As mentioned on the last conference call, the trends in this business appear to be improving. While contract wins, including the one noted in the earnings release, will likely not have a significant impact on 2010, they do firm up staffing in the business and set us up nicely going into 2011. Turning to some key financial metrics, interest expense in the quarter was up as expected due to the acquisition financing from last year's purchase of the four Metal Beverage plants. While we still expect full year interest expense to be in the range of $140 million, excluding the impacts of the one-time interest costs associated with calling of the 2012 notes.  The first quarter effective tax rate of 20% was favorably impacted by certain foreign tax benefits earned on investments. As you are aware, the recognition of tax benefits tends to be a lumpy activity. We continue to expect the full year rate to be in the range of 32%. But our tax department historically has done a great job of finding opportunities.  The company's receivables securitization program is now being recorded as a balance sheet obligation, due to the effects of the accounting pronouncement I described in the January call. The impact for the quarter was an increase in accounts receivable of $250 million and an increase in debt. While the net balance sheet and total cash flow effect is zero, there was a one-time reduction in operating cash flow for the amount of receivables securitized and an offsetting increase in cash inflows from financing activities. This change has been broken out as separate line items in the press release financials, as you can see the net change and comparability between periods.  During the quarter, we raised $500 million in new 6.75% notes due in 2020. On April 21, we used the proceeds of the new notes to retire $509 million and 6 7/8% notes due in 2012. Because of the timing of the new note issuance and the calling of the existing notes, our balance sheet reflects both debt issues and considerable cash on hand at the end of the quarter. The 2012 notes that were retired are shown as short-term debt at quarter end.  Also following January's earnings conference call, we announced the repurchase of $125 million of our stock through an accelerated share repurchase program. The program resulted in the delivery of 90% or 2.2 million shares on the execution day with the remainder to be delivered at the conclusion of the contract, which will occur during the next few months. Given our significant free cash flow expectations for 2010 which continue to be in excess of $500 million, we will increase the size of the share repurchase program during 2010. As always, we look to return value to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. During the period that our accelerated share repurchase contract remains open, it is cumbersome to change the current dividend amount, but we continue to evaluate both of these mechanisms to ensure that we have the right mix.  With that, I'll turn it over to John.
Scott Morrison: I would just add, George, that I could see if the economy improves a little bit, and not just the repositioning but also some of these other factors where our business which is pretty large now in North America, low- to mid-single digit volume growth next year.
Scott Morrison: On the margin front in the first quarter in beverage, it would be either probably more normalized margins that we had. If you recall last year, we had some inventory losses. And if you went back to the previous year, we had some inventory gains. So these are more normalized margins. This is the last quarter that we'll see benefit from some of the previous rationalization that we did. And so going forward, we expect more stabilized performance.
Scott Morrison: Well, obviously, by math, it's a lower percentage of our business than it was a year ago. The former Metal Container plants did have some specialty. They had the Squat-8 [ph] can and some other things, and we've been taking a look at how to leverage that relative to some new and innovative products. And so it's a little bit lower as a percent of our total portfolio today, but I think that the volume trajectory outlook hasn't changed. And I believe it's around 15% of our total portfolio today.
Scott Morrison: Well, on the acquisition, we continue to work through their version of the antitrust process, and that can take -- it's a relatively new process over there, so it's taking a little bit of time. But everything continues to move forward. From a capacity standpoint, this plant is right in the sweet spot of where a lot of the growth is in China, and we think we have some opportunities once we get ahold of this plant. So everything continues to be progressing, but a little bit slower than what we'd like it to be.
Scott Morrison: Well, I'll talk to this from a financial perspective and let somebody else chime in from a strategic perspective. But financially, we're in excellent shape. The debt offering that we did to replace the 2012 notes pushes our debt maturities out, so we have a nice profile from that perspective. We are – you're right, by the end of this year, our balance sheet's better than when we made the acquisition last year. And so we think we have a lot of the flexibility, that's why we're going to turn up the stock, buy it back for the remainder of this year. And we think we can take advantage of a lot of different opportunities.
Scott Morrison: Yeah, the $235 million -- the Brazil numbers show up in equity and affiliates. So that's – the second line that's down there doesn't show up in our numbers, but it's essentially self-financed.
Scott Morrison: You know, until we see -- we're starting to see some, as John mentioned, some growth opportunities. But until we see stronger growth where we need to put in additional capital, right now, we see it staying roughly at the level that it will be this year.
Scott Morrison: Well, we actually had a bit of a headwind because we had hedged last year at a much higher rate than what it was, than what we experienced. We actually had about $0.03 headwind in the first quarter.
Scott Morrison: Well, the biggest chunk of the improvement year-over-year would obviously be the Metal Container, that the plants that we acquired last year. I'd say the next biggest chunk would be improvement in Asia, where we're seeing strong volume growth and improved pricing there. Those would be the two biggest pieces. And then a little bit of benefit, as I said, the last quarter of benefit from previous rationalization, moves that we made. And then also, a little bit as John talked about, on the legacy volume. If you can –- it's hard to break out exactly what legacy volume is, but a little bit of an offset from that.
Scott Morrison: Yeah, there's a little bit that leaks into the second quarter, but essentially the plant rationalizations are done. I think a lot of the benefits – and John probably would comment on this – a lot of the best practice sharing that we're seeing from the acquired plants and as we incorporate that into the existing plants, I think that sharing can benefit as we go forward, and then, obviously, as volume starts to pick up.
Scott Morrison: As you know, George, we really don't like to get into those types of things, but what you just said, I would not agree with.
R. Hoover: Well, thank you, John, and thank you, Scott for your comments. While this year is only a third over now and we reported only the first quarter of it, we're experiencing building momentum and general improvement in our markets.  For the full year, we continue to expect the company's 2010 earnings to be above those of 2009. We're focused in pushing hard for improved results in cash flow. We've taken steps in our operations to improve profitability and position Ball for continued organic growth, as well as opportunities in developing markets. The balance sheet has been strengthened and we have additional flexibility as we evaluate the best ways to create significant value for all of our shareholders.  And with that, Suzy, we're ready for questions.
R. Hoover: I'll address the volume issue and maybe Scott can address the margin issue. On the volume issue, as we go into 2011, it's a bit premature. But as you know, we've stepped back in terms of some of our volumes over the past couple of years, related primarily to plant closures and trying to be a little bit more disciplined. As we go into 2011, we expect to be up relative to the market, as I said before, as we rebalance this customer portfolio, particularly on the CSD side. We're also seeing a lot of good improvement, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, on the innovation side of our business. The Craft beer segment, we're seeing a lot of tailwind there. Just several years ago, cans really weren't represented in that segment and now we're seeing good momentum there. With the 90-calorie, 7.5-ounce can that we've launched, that's going quite well as we sit here today. So all those factor into an improved environment as we go forward.
R. Hoover: Yeah, this related to a specific incident in one of our plants and we were disqualified. And we worked through the quarter to become requalified. And that did occur late in the quarter, and so we certainly hope that that's behind us.
R. Hoover: Yeah, and specifically, you're mentioning our Lublin plant that we had put on hold through the economic crisis. You know, what I would say is, not yet are we ready, but it's certainly on our radar screen. One thing I didn't mention, which is another positive development in Europe is – has to do with the German market. There are trials going on with some of the big-box stores there and putting cans back on the shelf. That if that occurs, we're going to have some issues. If it occurs in a large way, we're going to have some issues keeping up with volume demand. So that's obviously a good thing, and that would factor in to how we rebalance our European network and potentially start up Lublin.
R. Hoover: We're actually seeing improved volumes in that segment, and we feel very constructive going into the summer. There was clearly destocking in that segment, whether it was on the paint side of the business in the household products or even the beauty, and we are seeing that destocking largely over and we're seeing some pretty decent volumes with those customers you would expect as you go into the summer season.
R. Hoover: And when you take that whole region, the Asian region, pretty writ large, half the population of the world lives there, number one. Number two, it's a much younger population. Number three, it's a population that's moving from the rural areas to the urban areas. And number four, it's probably the strongest GDP growth, and that means per capita growth around the world. So all those secular trends point to it. Some of the regions are much more can-oriented than others. There's been a lot of consolidation of multi-national beer, soft drink and other companies in there, which should be helpful on it. So that's why, not only in China, but in non-China Asia, we think there's opportunities for us.
R. Hoover: Yeah, I certainly concur with that. As far as our ability to acquire -- in our Board meeting yesterday, Ray Seabrook said the integration of the plants that we bought is done. And so that is not a continuing kind of activity that from the standpoint of trying to get it integrated that we have. And we certainly have the financial capacity and the interest to continue to look at acquisitions that fit our company and we think that can add value. So you know, you can't ever predict when those things happen ahead of time. But rest assured, we're looking in any and all ways to create value here.
R. Hoover: Yeah, to answer your first question, it hasn't been since probably the 2000, 2001 time frame when there was some currency issues down there as well as election changes, in terms of the government, that there was some softness there. But ever since then, it's been moving forward nicely and accelerating as time has gone on. With respect to the market share mix, the beer has been stronger relative to soft drink down there. And beer, it's really glass versus cans. And on the soft drink, you also have PET in the mix as well. So if I recall off the top of my head, the can as a share of beer mix is in the upper 30s, call it 37%, 38%, and on the CSD side, it's probably low teens. And so as that economy continues to mature, as the GDP per cap continues to increase, and as the government continues to invest in infrastructure in anticipation of the '14 World Cup and the '16 Olympics, I think the underpinnings for the continued growth looks nice. Let's not forget that here in North America, in the beer segment, cans as a share of package mix is now probably over 50%.
R. Hoover: It certainly can. It's just, given the competitive dynamics of PET versus cans and the way that market has developed, the can in the CSD segment is certainly behind it. But we would hope through some innovation and other things -- for example, we are doing a lot more in terms of innovative can sizes. We've talked with customers about our receivable end down there. And so I think innovation will be an important part on the CSD side.
R. Hoover: I think that was with respect to the Aerospace business. And we won a sizable contract called our GFO-2 that we announced a couple of weeks ago. And we have bids out for several, in particular, large hardware contracts. That business sorts itself into three parts: The antenna and equipment business, a technical services business. Both of those continue to see growth. And that's about now, about 40% of the total. So the hardware business, we finished a lot of things and it was kind of slowing down. And we've seen no decisions being made. Well, one's been made, we can anticipate, I think during the balance of this year, a few more. And if we win our share of those, we'll see our backlog build and so on. The business, actually, at this point through four months is frankly tracking a little ahead of where I thought it might be. And that's a credit to the people there, and that we have been winning smaller things. But we're optimistic that we're beginning to see inflection there, and more to come.
R. Hoover: Yeah, you know, on the best practice sharing, recall that when we announced the acquisition, we talked about it will take us two to three years to really get after all that stuff. I think we're ahead of plan. As Dave had mentioned, the physical integration in terms of systems, that's over. And now we have a very significant program and project ongoing to really identify those best practices in every one of our facilities and then deploy them in the facilities. And that just takes a little time to show up. But we feel very, very constructive about all the activities that's going on. And it should help us primarily beginning in 2011 and beyond.
R. Hoover: Well, I think historically, we haven't been a builder of much of the shuttle program. We've got star trackers and tanks and other things, but not huge in the revenue line. I believe a lot of the instruments, weather instruments, instruments for DoD and other things that we build aren't in that segment, so it's certainly not hurtful. We did a big review of what's going on budget-wise and otherwise, and I think it could well promote opportunities on a net basis that would help us.
R. Hoover: Yeah, and I mean, the antenna and the optics and everything else that we build, we're in that space as well. We also do them for manned airplanes, and we do other kinds of things. But I was thinking more about the hardware side of the business, the outer space part. But in terms of the switch, maybe to more of that, which is actually going on, we're heavily involved in those programs.
R. Hoover: Okay. Well, and thanks very much, Suzy. I hope the folks on the call can feel the enthusiasm that we have for where we are in the business. It's as healthy as it's been in a while. And I can see not just in this year, but in the next few years, improving performance. And I suspect we're going to have lots of opportunities. So with that, we'll talk to you again in July. Thanks for listening.
John Hayes: Yeah, it gets a little bit difficult because as part of the acquisition, we're moving volumes in the system, so what was legacy and what were some of the formal metal containers. But as best we can tell in the legacy businesses, it was down low- to mid-single digits. And in the non legacy or the former Metal Container plants, the volume was quite strong. Recall at the end of the year, we talked about a slight step back in 2010. We're seeing a lot of promotional activity from our customers right now. And so as we go into the busy summer selling months, I think we have some good momentum, not only on the CSD side but also on the beer side, where we're seeing more promotional activity in that segment as well.
John Hayes: No, I think what we see right now again in the same store, as you said it, we would expect to be down just a little bit. But that has to do relative to the overall market. And it largely has to do with what I said at the end of the January call about taking -- repositioning our portfolio, which will lead to improved volumes as we head into 2011.
John Hayes: Yeah, actually, Europe is very much a good story in the first quarter. When you look at Western Europe, the overall market was up about 8%. And even in Eastern Europe, it was up higher than that, probably low single digits. Our overall volumes were a bit soft due to some of our expert business being soft. That was timing issues. But we expect that to rebound through the balance of the year. So we really are excited about the momentum as we head into the summer. We've got the World Cup in front of us. And you know, go U.K., go Germany, go France, go Netherlands, go Poland and go Brazil. But that usually does add some meaningful volume and the tone and tenor with our customers, as there's going to be a nice push. You know, we always have to worry about weather and things like that. But last year's weather was quite difficult throughout, not only Continental Europe but also up in the U.K. So as we sit here today, our management team feels pretty good as we go into the summer.
John Hayes: The short answer is yes to both of those. I think on the CSD side here in North America, I mentioned the volume versus value equation. We're seeing it more on the can side than we are seeing on the PT side. But when you just look at what their pricing policies are through IRI data and other things, you can clearly see that the significant prices that the CSD segment's been going after over the last 18 months has moderated, and there is a lot of promotional activities, particularly at the big-box stores here in North America. As you go around to the rest of the world, obviously, it varies country by country and region by region. But we are seeing – you know, I think in Europe, the fact that Western Europe was up 8% and Eastern Europe was up more than that is a good telltale sign that the consumers are starting to get back into the game, and it's being helped by some moderated pricing by our customers.
John Hayes: Well, let me give you the context and that will probably be helpful. There's four to five significant big-box chains in Germany. There's one specifically that has a trial going on in 300 of its stores. There's been a lot of discussion, a lot of communication with the other big-box stores. So a lot more interest today relative to any time over the past six, seven, eight years since the deposit was implemented. And we'll just have to wait and see as we go forward. We're certainly not declaring victory, but the tone is much better than it's ever been.
John Hayes: Well, as I think I've mentioned it before, when we went through the economic crisis, we did see a slowdown in the specialty side of the business, but we've seen some renewed interest in it, whether it's on this new 90-ounce, 7.5 – excuse me, 7.5-ounce can that we have promoted. You're seeing the energy drinks starting to come back. You're seeing some of the non – some of the specialty products out there. The volume trends are certainly improving as the customer feels a little bit more constructive about the economy. So we feel pretty good where that business is right now.
John Hayes: Yeah, you know, I talked a little bit about this on our last conference call and the short answer is, yes, we're actively looking at those things, but for competitive purposes, we'd prefer not to disclose those. But there is -- we are seeing a trend in global beverage cans that are quite positive, particularly on the beer side and particularly in some of the other specialty areas. You're seeing package-share shifts going towards cans and we are very in tune with that, and we are very much on it in terms of making sure that we're going to capture opportunities, but not doing it in a way that's not responsible.
John Hayes: No. You know, volumes have been quite soft over the last couple of years in that business and it makes it very challenging with the various leverage you can pull to improve that business. As Dave mentioned, we have been spending a lot of time looking about how we can play in a way that generates value better than what we're doing today. And we've got to find a different way relative to the status quo. And we have looked at a whole bunch of different things to try and make this a better business.
John Hayes: You know, the strategy we're currently employing is no different than what we've done over the past 10 years, and that's being on the acquisitions side or investment side, being patient and tenacious at the same time, while in-between the times that we are making acquisitions, we're using our free cash flow to buy back stock, pay dividends and deliver value to our shareholders. So that concept today is no different than what we've done in over the past decade.
John Hayes: Yeah, In the first quarter the food cans were a little bit better than the aerosol. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but if it was approximately 3% blended, that would mean probably closer to 4.5% or 5% on the food side and probably 2% or so on – 1% to 2% on the aerosol side. Aerosols, might – the seasonality of each of those is quite different, though. And so as we go into the second quarter of aerosol, we're seeing pickup in that, relative to – as I mentioned earlier, to paint, some of the things that are used in the summertime. And on the food side, we expect those trends to continue throughout the year. Our conversations with our customers indicate that barring weather and crops and other things like that, that they expect it to be a robust year, largely because the destocking we saw, particularly in the first half of last year is over and we're seeing consumers starting to restock in the pantry.
John Hayes: Tim, as David said earlier, we continue to see good growth on the antenna and video side of our business there, and that relates directly into what you were just describing.
