Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we are seeing the results of executing on our strategy and we're delivering on our commitments. On this call, we've just announced 3 asset sales, including all 3 businesses in Cameroon; increased our sustainable cost savings targets by 38%; and announced a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend. At the same time, we're executing on important platform expansions, bringing on equity partners at the project level, developing platform enhancements in adjacent businesses, all aiming to increase our return on assets over time. AES has a diversified portfolio of businesses in attractive markets that generate growing earnings and cash flow and provide us with multiple opportunities to create long-term value for our shareholders. Operator, I'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I'm not going to comment on any specific transactions, but I think what we played out and is that, again, those that we really don't feel we have a sustainable competitive advantage and are not sort of where we have our growth occurring are those that are slated for sale. And we've gone from 28 to 20 countries. I could see us getting out of perhaps another 5 countries. But as we said, this is a -- in the universe of $2 billion, the universe of potential sales is bigger. Some of them might be partial sale down. And we really think that's the best way to reallocate our capital is to sell down places at a lower rate of return to invest in higher return projects.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Here to clarify, I mean, what Tom talked about was sort of global G&A going from really what we have sort of, let's say, in our P&L statement, and that's where we started because we wanted to be extremely transparent and help you track it. Now we're going to go beyond that and we do have efforts -- so when we're talking about the $55 million, it's looking at, for example, our hubs, how we handle our SBUs, that overheads will be included in it. Of course, we'll have other cost-saving efforts that beyond that, beyond that $55 million. Perhaps, Andy, can give a little color on that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Ali, there are some conservative assumptions in terms of allocation of capital in the numbers in terms of our growth rate of 4% to 6%. Now I did mention on this call and the prior call, we are looking at ways to increase that growth rate. We want to get back to the 6% to 8% range. And that's why I'm mentioning, for example, the enhancements and the adjacencies, because right now, these are small and we don't know how much we can -- how a big a pie it can be. But we're seeing very healthy returns from these, and we think they're much lower risk-adjusted because you have the assets, so it's adding something onto the asset. So we've done a number of them. The returns are healthy, the construction times are lower and that's one of the ways that we're trying to increase our growth rate. But right now, I mean, I think it's far too early to say that we have these in the bag. So just letting you know that we are doing everything possible to get back to that 6% to 8%, and these are some of the things that we see more attractive, also like bringing partners onto our projects, we can get a promote, we can get a management fee and these are not insubstantial. I mean, this year, we've signed deals for $500 million at the project level. So this is new approaches. We're being aggressive on this. But again, we're not willing to talk about its effect yet until we really are sure that they are sufficiently big to move the needle.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Not exactly. What I'd say, we're reaffirming our guidance of 4% to 6% and total return of 6% to 8%, and we're comfortable with that. Of course, these projects that we're looking at and, of course, we have to see how many of them are, in addition to the big platform expansions that we're doing, including to the sell downs on top of this, the company doesn't end in 2015, so we're going to be looking at an ongoing growth rate. So quite frankly, our focus is on making sure that we create as much shareholder value. We did give targets out for 2015. We are committed to hitting them. But we're also committing to having a strong ongoing company and making sure that we have good growth rates after that as well.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: As I've said, we are sticking to our 4% to 6% and we're doing everything possible to increase that. And again, our objective is not only at the '15 number, but beyond as well.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. Definitely, the partner, which is Antofagasta Minerals, will be a major offtaker to that contract for making the financing -- so it'll take roughly about, I'd say, 1/3 of the output. Realize that this is a run-of-the-river, so there is considerable seasonality to it. So it's a constant contract. So we're contracted at the correct level, and we expect many years to have access to sell into the market.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. I think we're in -- you're fair in terms of about 4.5x. We see our debt level as being reasonable with our existing asset portfolio. We think our coverage ratios will improve as our cash flow improves for the reasons that we talked about, both in the script as well as on a couple of the questions. So we think that we'll have an improving credit profile over the next 2 to 3 years through improving the, let's say, the numerator of our coverage ratio as opposed to the interest expense in the denominator, or the debt amount in the denominator. Obviously, that can change to the extent there are changes in the portfolio. So when we do sell assets, we generally look to be credit-neutral with the use of proceeds. Ballpark, that's using about half of the money to retire Parent debt, but it's dependent upon cash flow. Obviously, the more cash flow that would be generated by an asset, then the more you would pay down debt to be credit-neutral. And then growth would flip into the other way to the extent we're getting more growth out of business, longer cash flow in Gener and Mong Duong, which are 2 investment entities and IPL will all be significant cash flow growth entities. And that would be part of the cash flow improvement story.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Jon, I'd just say probably 2 things. We do think our cash flow will grow at a good rate, higher than the EPS growth rate for the next couple of years, and certainly, as we look into the future, we think cash flow will continue to grow at that level. That's both proportional free cash flow, as well as Parent free cash flow. I think you hit it, proportional free cash flow and which of the driver for Parent should really be aided by the reduction in capital expenditures. So going out, we think CapEx will be more $600 million to $700 million rather than the $850 million to $900 million starting in '16, that obviously excludes growth CapEx. So that will help drive subsidiary dividend capacity. And at the Parent, we think we're generally rightsized for our debt capacity with this asset mix at the Parent, so we got $5.5 million, $5.6 million of recourse debt at the Parent, which we think is generally right with this asset mix. So we think cash flow should continue to have a good growth trend.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Well, all things equal, yes, we won't have the negatives. Certainly not the $0.12 that we've had year-to-date. But having said that, yes, we will have a higher tax rate that will offset some of that. And quite frankly, the higher tax rate is one of the other reasons why our cash is going faster than our earnings over the next couple of years.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Julien, the only thing I'd add is that if we're looking at a 4% to 6% EPS growth through '15, we call that mid-single digits, we would be looking at something in a high-single digits for a Parent free cash flow kind of CAGR. So that's an order of magnitude.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Correct. Ali, our general tax rate, if you just think about over a long-term basis, is more in the 30%, 32%. So that's the kind of number that would come in the fourth quarter, so you have -- weighted average that in and that would factor in the delta.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. Well, I'll hit it first and Andres may want to give some color, too. But I'll just say, we expect to give some more color on '15 in February. We're just trying to give folks updates on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I think what we have seen is clearly the cost savings are about $0.05. There's a lot of other puts and takes, but net, net, so far, the puts are equaling about the takes. I used Brazil, not to say it's the only moving part, but it's an example of a moving part that is almost a direct offset to the cost benefits, but there's obviously things that are going positively, a number of things that we're trying to make more positive, but some things that go off in a different direction. So that's just the short-term update for '15, but we expect to give you more color in February. Andres probably has some other thoughts.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, yes. I'm glad that you mentioned that. Mong Duong, that's proceeding very nicely, and that's part of the -- a big part of the 2,231-megawatts under construction that are on time and on budget.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: This is Tom. I think my comment was just talking about the difference between '13 and '12. So '12, China was the difference. But the biggest difference really was that last year in '12, we still had some of our Masinloc output sold into the spot market. The spot market was quite good last year. We signed a new 7-year contract that took effect this January. Those prices are somewhat below the higher spot prices from last year, but we saw it as a very favorable thing to do because it gave us a lot of stability through 2019. So it's modesty lower revenues, but with much greater predictability that we felt was a good trade that does explain the difference.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, my comments were '12 to '13. You're right, '13 to '14 should be pretty flat, and then Mong Duong comes in Q4 '15 and thereafter, Mong Duong will start to add. But '13 versus '14 in Asia should be pretty flat.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Sure. As you know, yes, we do have a cliff at Tietê with the expiration of the contract with Eletropaulo. And the drop in prices is somewhere around BRL 195, around BRL 130, in that range. We have 2 developing projects in São Paulo, which is Termo Araraquara and Termo Sào Paulo. We really haven't been able to participate in the energy auctions in Brazil because we haven't been able to secure a supply of gas. There isn't gas available, so that had been sort of slowing us down to build it using some of Tietê's capacity to build new plants. So what the team has been doing in Brazil is developing a commercial arm and selling some of this energy forward to, let's say, to be ready to place this energy when this occurs. Now I'm actually very happy that we did not go ahead, let's say, and rush into, try to fill this drop in Tietê because you've seen what happened to asset prices in Brazil. So I think we think we've taken a very prudent approach. And if we didn't see value, we did not invest. Andy, you want to...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I can at a high level. I mean let's start with Dayton. I mean, Dayton has some transmission-related investments, but they're not, what I would call, very significant. On average at DP&L and the wireless business collectively, we're probably about spending $150 million, $155 million a year. We don't have mega transmission projects. We don't have that opportunity. At DP&L, really, there is a Senate Bill 560 in Indiana, which is the sort of a way to what's really was developed for the gas industry as a way of upgrading their infrastructure. When we look at IPL, as you know, we have one of the highest reliability in the State. We've actually done a very good job at maintaining our system. So we don't see, again, these huge opportunities for massive infrastructure projects. But when we think about it, on a normalized basis, in our wires business in Indiana, we're talking about an $85 million a year ongoing investment. But again, at the moment, and this can change as we take a closer look into next year, we don't really see any of these very big opportunities to make massive upgrades in the wires businesses or new transmission investments in Ohio. So that opportunity doesn't appear to be there, but it's something we continue to look at.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: And Raymond, there's also a qualitative environment as we go forward. So if you look where we're investing in our portfolio and cash flows are growing and where we're exiting, over time, I think we also can say we're improving the average quality of our cash flow and our portfolio. So that's another important contributor.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We do expect that to grow over time, and we have big projects like Mong Duong coming online. So we expect a growth in that as well.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, the cash may be that we refinanced over the quarter end. We raised some money and I think we had a maturity on October 1 or the first few days of October. So our cash probably really looks heavy, but that was just for a couple of days. But generally, you're right, we have paid down $250 million of debt this year, and we would expect -- I think our debt at DP&L is reasonably solid. It's above $800 million, $850 million kind of range. But up at PUCO we have about $1.4 billion, and we would expect to pay down -- as I've said, $250 million this year is largely done, but we'd expect to have the ability to pay down $50 million to $70 million or so a year, largely with our new bank agreement.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Julien, it's Andy Vesley. I think it's -- the question is that part of the target that we set with the $55 million does include a significant amount of G&A that we record as cost of goods sold in the businesses. So we're already starting to get into the SBUs. I think, as you know, we've had a very significant cost reduction program in Brazil. We've had it ongoing for 3 years, and we're starting to take some of those best practices more broadly into our businesses. We also, in '13, as part of going into the ESP, are focused specifically at DP&L to get those costs in line as well. What I can say, the same amount of attention that has been brought to G&A globally, we will bring to the fixed costs in the business. It's a very big bucket, as you know. And I think as we head into next year and our plans solidify, we will update everybody on our objectives there.
Andrew Martin Vesley: First, what we've said is that, we said we have a dividend policy of paying 30% to 40% of our Parent free cash flow. So what we're doing is basically bringing our dividend payment in line with our stated policy, and that's what we will do. So what you can expect is it will between 30% and 40% of that number. And as that number grows over time, we will increase the dividend accordingly. Now of course, there's a range between 30% and 40%, but now we're within that range. I don't think we're, at this stage, ready to talk about sort of a CAGR or the growth rate on the cash.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes, Brian, this is Andy Vesley. Let me sort of address that. The $511 million is really the hazardous air toxic, so it doesn't cover some of the others. Some of the others which you have the 316(b), you have water effluents, the NPDES and the coal combustion residuals. If we look at IPL roughly in terms of investments and also, if you think about the national ambient air quality standards, which are actually in the development, you could be talking about another $300 million to $400 million, in that range. I don't have -- on average. So it probably is a doubling of what we're spending on the MATS out into the future, so that's about what we're looking at, and those are the significant ones that we see on the horizon that would impact our coal plants in Indiana.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Again, this is Andy Vesley. When we think about the NOx [ph], that was one that was right in front of us. A number of calls ago, we had said that the 3 levers for managing Dayton Power & Light, we're getting constructive regulatory outcome, so we're past that and we believe we did to some degree. The other was our -- basically our retail arm to protect our load and also make sure we could get our generation to market. And the answer on that one is, we have about 100,000 more customers under DP&L brand and we had when we acquired the company and we have about the same load. And the last one is the cost one. We had talked about a $60 million target to date through '13. We've identified about $31 million. We've taken out half of that roughly when O&M reductions, the other half when variable margin improvements, such as heat rate improvements and improve the acquisition of coal and some others, change in coal mix. What the order had left us with was, in order to get back to where we think we need, there's another $20 million to $30 million of cost reductions, which we are identifying and plan to deliver. So I think the opportunity, at least in the near term, is to bring another $20 million to $30 million of cost savings to that business in the near term. As I said earlier, that almost simultaneously, we are looking broadly at the full fixed cost of all our operating businesses, which is about something probably $3 billion. So it provides a great opportunity, and as I said, we're going to look very hard at that and talk more about that as we get into the next year.
