Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. 2018 was a very good year for AES as demonstrated by our strong financial results and excellent progress towards achieving our strategic goals. We are on track to attain investment grade rating in 2020. We are completing our conventional construction projects. We are signing long-term PPAs for renewables, including successfully implementing green blend and extend through our backlog. Going forward, we will invest our growing free cash flow in a robust growth pipeline, while maintaining the strength of our balance sheet and our competitive dividend. Accordingly, combining our annual growth and current dividend yield, we expect to deliver double digit total returns to our shareholders through 2022. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Andrés Gluski: On Bulgaria, Bulgaria is in our forecast. As we said, our guidance is robust to any reasonably likely outcome there. So we feel confident in our guidance. It does conclude Bulgaria. As been said, conversations are in the very early stages. We think we have a very strong case. And certainly the plant is necessary for Bulgaria. It provides a lot of jobs locally, especially if you include the mining sector. So, yes, it's included. But our guidance is robust to any reasonably likely outcome. Regarding DP&L and the rider, I mean, basically what I can tell you, is that this has to do with company achieving investment-grade. The company has plans for grid modernization, grid resilience. And we think those elements are necessary and likely to remain. So basically the outlook for DP&L in terms of improving the quality of new services is good and the monetization rider is part of that.
Andrés Gluski: I would say all of the above. I think we've been very successful on cost cuts. I think we've been very successful on the green blend and expense strategy. And as I mentioned in my speech, we're very pleased by how we've been able to transition projects from development into construction on the renewable side. So it's all of the above.
Andrés Gluski: You are correct. So this is an unambiguous yes. The program is such that between our internally generated cash flow, including some asset sales, we fully fund our program and pay the dividends and also some modest debt pay down as well. So this does not assume any additional equity.
Andrés Gluski: No, this is not part of that. And as we've said in the past, Tom will be working on the more systematic way of getting partnership money into our projects. And stay tuned, at the right time, we will explain this. But this is -- as I said, we've done $3 billion of partnership capital over the past five years. And so this is an extension of that.
Andrés Gluski: What I'd say is look we have we think a very robust plan. It's taking any potential downside. We have a number of potential upside. So certainly, we could have faster growth, for example, of our LNG sales, which are very attractive because we basically made the capital investments. So there's certainly a potential market there for that. Second, as I mentioned in my speech, we really haven’t incorporated all of the potential benefits from our digital transformation. So that has been a significant amount of cost cuts. I think we have a very good track record of over delivering on cost cuts. But it also has significant revenue potential. So as we don't like to talk about these things until we really have them in hand. So when I look at that, this is a robust plan given I think that any potential downsides or offset with potential upside and these potential upsides are quite concrete, we feel. So stay tuned.
Andrés Gluski: Let me see, so that’s multiple questions. Let' see. So first, Tom is not on the call. And what is assumed in these numbers is that tax efficiency, and what is assumed is, for example, I'd say mainly in the U.S. where we actually sell down a portion once it reaches operations and optimize it for operational and financial efficiency. So that's I'd say basically it. I think in the rest of the world, what we're seeing especially for example in South America and in Mexico is really the green blend and extend project itself. Again, you don't have a HLBV, you don’t have ITC, you don’t have some of the other elements that you have in the state that make it, let's say, a little bit more complicated accounting and less transparent to see through. So I would say it's basically that. We will continue to do what we've done. So we think this is very credible. We've done this and we will going forward. And different markets are progressing at different speeds. We certainly see that the combination of solar energy storage is coming into being and that’s an area where we have we think a real competitive advantage.
Andrés Gluski: I don’t think we want to specifically discuss that amount. But obviously, once you have operating assets up and running under long-term contracts, there're other people who are willing to or interested in owning those assets for the long-term at less returns than you'd get when you are the originator, developer and constructor of those projects.
Andrés Gluski: Fluence is a JV between us and Siemens. But Fluence own sales team is doing quite a lot. So they're in 17 countries with 80 projects. The projects vary from smaller projects. It can be 500 KV or a multiple of them, smaller units 500 KV one megawatt but the larger units as large as the 800 megawatt hours. So honestly I don't have off the top of my head, which of those projects are. But realized we're hitting everybody from C&I customers to the very largest utilities and everything in between. So it's a mix of product. And the large ones tend to be a bit lumpy, but we like very much of the smaller projects that come in. And we increased the number of countries around the world. One thing that’s probably we at AES together with Mitsubishi inaugurated India's first energy storage project last week in Delhi and this together with Tata Power. And this project is I think very important for India, because it establishing how energy storage would work on that grid and getting the regulations in place. And as you know India has -- it is actually building out 200 gigawatts of renewables, probably 80s I think are in the bag. And they are going to need a whole lot of energy storage to be able to accommodate that much renewables on their grid. So there's a lot of interesting markets opening-up.
Andrés Gluski: There is course, especially when you have renewables with shorter time frames that are rolling in terms of -- this will be rolling overtime we have to win some of those bids. But yes, given our current expectations is a little less than half will be U.S. and that's up from about a third today. So the proportion of our pretax contributions coming from the U.S. should rise overtime given our expectations for where that growth is coming from. Obviously, we have like Southland coming online. We have a number of projects in Hawaii. You mentioned the APS. So we've signings certainly in terms of megawatts, lot of big projects in the state. You also have the investments -- future investments in the DP&L as well. So we have great visibility into a strong pipeline of growth in the U.S.
Gustavo Pimenta: I'll still add, Ali, the LNG sale which is accelerating, so that's another important element of that guidance that we are providing. 
Gustavo Pimenta: So if you look at our 7% to 9% approximate 60% of that is just the materialization and reaching COD, especially the large thermal projects, Southland, OPGC, full year of follow-on and so on. The 40% is from the renewable space. Out of which half is internationally is in the U.S., so it’s not a major contributor yet for earnings. And I think one way to see that is our proportional -- our current free cash flow is also growing at the similar rate 7% to 9% for the same period.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, and that's global renewable. So as Andrés mentioned, half of that 40%, call it 20%, is internationally, which doesn’t have that affect. And the local one then you have 40%, which is win and then the rest is solar. So it's a subset of the 40% at the end.
Gustavo Pimenta: So our base case is to get the metric in 2020. So it continues to be the case. We just started our process with the agencies. They are supportive. They've seen all of the efforts that was done in terms of reducing the leverage. From an FFO to debt, we are closing '18 at 18.8%, 20% is above the threshold. So that is why you see in our capital allocation another $150 million. I think what is more important is that from a capital allocation standpoint, most of the heavy lifting has been done. So we've paid down close to $1 billion of debt last year. So what is remaining in the plan is it's a relatively small amount, but rate agencies will take their time. So we are still expecting the actual action on the rating to be taken early next year 2020.
Gustavo Pimenta: I think again so stay tuned. We said that we would have competitive dividend growth. And so this is approved annually by the board. So stay tuned. But we're in that 4% to 6% ranges, which is the industry average. So we should expect this to be within the 4% to 6% range within the site, within the four year period, and really validated by the board. So 4% to 6% is what we should expect.
Gustavo Pimenta: So the plan has been fully executed last year. So we are getting in '19 run rate savings of $100 million, which was with what we had disclosed it before, so in line with prior disclosures.
Gustavo Pimenta: I'd say by 2020 we'll complete the $2 billion what we expect, that's part of this plan. Going forward, we will continue to fine-tune our portfolio. So there may be additional sales but as part of the portfolio. So they may not be wholly exiting, they may be like we did it as far selling down a portion and reinvesting that money and higher return. So that remains part of our modus operandi going forward.
Gustavo Pimenta: No, pre-existing targets, not at all. We feel very confident about them. And we expect to execute on that.
Gustavo Pimenta: Greg, this has to do just with the timing of the signing of the PPAs. There has been no, from our point of view, no let's say feeling that we're going slower than we were previously. It's just a little bit of timing and making sure that we have these PPAs signed before we commence construction. So the way you can make sure that we're on track is just we will have the announcements of the growth, the milestones that we hit throughout the quarter. So again, green blend and extend has shown itself to be very robust, and we're actually doing very well there. And certainly our distributed LNG as the announcements we've had in Hawaii and other places, it is very robust. So, no, we really don't feel that we're decelerating. It's just a question of the timing, which these projects are going to come in.
Gustavo Pimenta: This is actual IRR, so cash-on-cash, so this is not ROE it's actually IRR. So that's cash-on-cash real return.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, sure. That's I think one of the upside and one of the positive feedback that we get. I think we continue to be a diversified portfolio, which is important for them but more focused on markets with lower risk. So I think from that perspective, we get very good feedback from their agencies and it's an important component of our trajectory here. It's not only a question of the quality of our portfolio. So I did mention in my speech that, measurably our risks are down 70% over the last five years, to make very big something like Panama where we have 777 megawatts of hydro. In a dry year, we would be forced to buy in the market and therefore, energy would be high, energy to supply our contracts that are contracted. And now with Colón in place and natural gas coming into Panama, we have such that particular risk by about 80%. So the quality of the portfolio is backing up the numbers. I think that’s very, very important. In fact, what's underlying the subsidiaries our investment grade as well and we feel there's hydrology commodity FX risk is very much. So it's not just the metric itself, I think it's a quality of those metrics.
Gustavo Pimenta: That’s exactly right. Yes, we think there's a seasoning that those agencies will require, but we feel pretty good of path we are on. And we feel very good that our business mix continues to improve the quality of the portfolio.
Gustavo Pimenta: I think what I've been saying, Greg, when we bought its how we bought at high-single digits. So after the acquisition we secure the refinancing, the operational includes maintenance so on plus those sell downs we've brought this to 13%. That is just part of that value creation that we're able to conduct.
Gustavo Pimenta: That's right. I mean, they two work together so we need -- we believe it's important to have the DMR for us to be able to continue the transformation of DPL including these markets with investments.
Gustavo Pimenta: I think we have a different project in the U.S. We have project -- several AES distributed energy projects then we have sPower projects, we have C&I customers, we still have some deal in the works. We have deals where we're really combining energy storage in new. So there is a range depending on the particular niche, let' say, I would say that we're addressing. I would say to -- and again I would also say that you when we characterize these returns, this is just the project return that we're looking and not any leverage at corp or anything above. And we were very conservative I'd say about terminal value. But obviously in the plain-vanilla in the U.S., it does involve that we would flip portion of the operating assets to some long-term holder other than ourselves. So there is that combination. But we do have this mix, so it's not like a uniform product that we are selling across the states.
Gustavo Pimenta: It's a 100 megawatt four our energy storage, so it's 400 megawatts hours. This is quite frankly exactly the size of the one that we have on Alamitos that we're building today. And so as you put those two together, we have two projects of 100 megawatts to four hours each that would be 200 megawatts, 800 megawatts hours between the two projects.
