Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. To summarize today’s call, we have a portfolio of asset that is generating strong cash flow, and a construction and development pipeline that is driving growth in cash flow and earnings. We are well position to maximize shareholder value through the following. First, we are rebalancing our business mix by exiting certain businesses to reduce risk and redeploying our excess cash in growth projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts, and focusing on less carbon intensive sources of generation. Second we remain committed to continuing to strengthen our credit, which is largely driven by the successful completion of our construction program, cost reductions and de-levering. Accordingly, we remain confident that we can achieve investment grade stats by 2020. Third, we're capitalizing on our advantageous positive in key high growth markets, and we continue to expect double-digit growth in all key metrics through 2018. Furthermore, we believe that we are well placed to deliver attractive growth in cash flow and earnings beyond 2018. With that, I would like to open the call for questions.
Andrés Gluski: Well, as Tom said, we see dividend as our primary way of getting cash back to our shareholders. On the other hand, we do have an approval. And we have shown in the past that if we think that's the best use of our cash, we will go ahead and buyback our shares. So, we're not taking it off the table, but we're saying our primary focus will be on paying and increasing, and growing dividend.
Andrés Gluski: They’ll be good and it's great to be in a luxurious position. What I'm very glad is that, yes, we've been working on this for a long time because in terms of getting our debt in better shape. And we are in very good shape. And not only that, in terms of terms, length of the debt in terms of -- the majority of the debt is fixed and also it's in the currency of the operating business. So yes we will be talking about that, but that does give us options.
Andrés Gluski: Greg, you're basically right. They're basically flat. I don't know if Tom, you want to add something to that, but the net is flat.
Andrés Gluski: This project will be coming-in in 2019, so it currently has no impact prior to that. We have to see again where we’re negotiating now with lenders, how much is from the sponsors, how much is from the lenders and what are the conditions. So it really doesn’t have any impacts through the 2018 window. And I would add to that Hahn Air has its earnings call later today, I think at 11 O’clock, but they come out with their press release. And they had, I think, the best quarter in the last five years. So, Hahn Air is in strong position. But we have to address the issue at Alto Maipo. And as I said, we’re working very constructively with our lenders and also with the construction company.
Andrés Gluski: Ali, you always have a process and you have interveners. Having said that, we have the case of FirstEnergy, we just moved forward, we think our case is even more robust. So, we have a high degree of confidence of this moving forward.
Andrés Gluski: Ali, we'll provide more color when we have our fourth quarter call in terms of expanding. But we feel confident of the growth rates that we have given, and we see continued growth rate pass that. We will get more specific into the future. But if you look at our construction programs, you have a lot of things coming online in '19 and '20. And also more discreet items like some of the renewables, such as solar, which we’ll be growing and are quite frankly fully incorporated in some of the construction numbers we give, because they're much shorter periods between development and construction.
Andrés Gluski: Taking the first one, in terms of Alto Maipo, as I said, it has really no impact on 2018. So, I think the key thing is reaching an agreement with lenders and completing the project. Regarding OPG C2, we will give more information into the future. I think if we look at it as a project in India, that’s overall going quite well. It's a complex project, it does have a rail tracks and coal mine. We’ve got all the coal permits. We’ve got most of the land permits. So in general it’s proceeding well for project in India.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think what happened in Chile, it's two things. First, you have to realize that there were about $50 billion in mining projects in Chile. I’d say we were looking back three-four years ago. And of those I think probably about $40 billion have been suspended. So, the growth and demand from the mining sector did not materialize, and those projects are on hold. So that really change the dynamics to give you a much higher reserve ratio in Chile than certainly any of the projections had been. So that’s I think the most important thing to understand. So, when there was this auction came in and there have been some changes to the auction process. What we saw was it was below, certainly, I think, consensus estimates. And basically came in on two sides. One was a new entrance on the renewable side. And also we believe on the hydro side, people bid lower than expected. I would say of the thermal bids, we were probably, we believe, the lowest. So we had I think a better view of that. What do we think is a sustainable level? Well, if you go to the market research in Chile today, so the sustainable level is north of $60, $60 a megawatt hour. If you look at where this auction cleared, it's more or like $47. There’re issues here because you have to follow the load with intermittent renewables, and you have to put packages together. So, we think that some of these assumptions, obviously, people are bidding for future prices of the capital investment future prices for other things. And there is a lot of assumptions here. So, we think that more in line with the consensus view overall. And one thing I would say is if these mining projects get reactivated, maybe even a third of them then the situation in Chile will change. Because you also should remember that the very high reserve margin that market had a lot of that is very old, is very old coal plant than other ones that are not efficient. So, we think that that’s reasonable. And that anyway the market moves though, I think that we are in a very good position having that existing thermal and hydro base to combine it with renewables, to be able to offer more secure load following supply.
Andrés Gluski: Well, different market. In the case of the Philippines, we saw that there was demand for our plant Masinloc and that we could add basically another unit to Masinloc and 325 megawatt is going to be super critical. And we could contract that at attractive prices. So, we started this. It's under-construction today. And Philippine market will change. What you have today is basically a lot of gas plants that are using domestic gas, which are basically first to be dispatched. So, there're base load. When these contracts burn-off in the next couple of years, they go to mid merit. And quite frankly they may have to search for new sources of gas. So, given that this plant will be very well positioned. And basically I think that perhaps where you're going is that the new contracts we're signing for 10 and 20 years PPAs are at the same similar prices. And we basically have an extension on existing Masinloc at the same price with the off-taker. And it is pending regulatory approval, but we expect that to get approved.
Andrés Gluski: The second year to-date is about 50%. But we expect to have it much more contracted by the time it's completed because it's not going to just one big distribution company, it's going to multiple.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think that if you look at AES today, it's certainly been significantly de-risked, and certainly, I think, has a very attractive future growth profile. And I think that we're very well positioned. I think in terms of our valuation, I mean, we've had, quite frankly, a lot of headwinds over the last five years. Some external, whether it was droughts or commodity prices or FX. Now what we've done is take-out I think a lot of that risk as we go forward. So I think as we deliver on the growth prospects, and deliver on our construction program and certainly deliver on our cost cuts. Because, one of the things, we're today at a run-rate of $250 million less of overhead and general expenses that we were five years ago. So, I think all the trends are right. I certainly think that it's an issue of delivering on it and we should see valuations, which are more in line with our peers.
Andrés Gluski: What we’re seeing, first, is this market is growing very quickly. So, we believe I think its next year we’ll have about installations around the world around 1 gigawatt, and we’re starting maybe two years ago at 200. So first it's growing very rapidly. And it’s a technology that has many applications. I mean it has applications for capacity release. Those were some of our first project ancillary services. And you’re right so the substituting taking plants where you have a lot of renewables. That’s our big project in California. But it also has applications to the T&E business in terms of alleviating transmission constraint. Now, part of the lithium-ion battery energy storage solutions, batteries are one component. So, we’ve seen, over the last five years, battery prices were up by 65%. There is no technical reason you couldn’t make it an eight hour if you wanted to. It’s just a question that you have to put on more batteries and it becomes more expensive. So, we expect battery prices to continue to drop because these are the same batteries you use in electric vehicles. So, as that becomes massive fight, it should drop continually. So, we’re projecting a continued drop in those prices. So, the duration is really a function of your battery price. So, we are seeing that it’s a many places the applications are more in the two to four hour today at today’s battery prices, but you could extend those for a longer. And I think that, again, we’re seeing a very rapid growth of demand. And again this year alone, we’ve already closed $70 million in growth revenues from sales to third-parties that is sales to other people to play it on our grade. So, I’m certain that this will continue to grow very quickly. I’m also certain that price will drop. And what we’re really trying to see is our two pronged approach where we put our Advancion product on our own platforms and use them to enhance our renewables or even enhance our thermal plant, and selling it to third-parties. Now that third-party sales we're using channel partners who have sales forces. And finally I would say that the combination of the two, whether we're driving it, we want to be the low cost provider and also quite frankly the best provider of this service. So, third party sales are helpful over the cost to us.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Angie. I think about 40% of the project is contracted today in long-term contract. And in terms of our ability to re-contract, I would say that obviously it will affect the price of any future contracts. When it was being built, the forecast for Chile quite frankly we’re like a $100 a megawatt hour. And what we're seeing is more likely somewhere in the mid-60s, we think is probably a long-term price. So, you're right, the auction, but I think more than the auction, quite frankly, the dynamics in the market. Because, quite frankly, if you did have a rapid pick-up in the mining sector, I think that the prices would reverse.
Andrés Gluski: You're right. Certainly, the project looks less attractive today with the cost of overruns and the lower prices that it had initially. It was a very robust project to begin with. And in terms of our commitment to the project, we will look at this as in terms of what we think is the best decision for AES Gener. And obviously we have to reach the right agreement with the lenders to make this project better than not proceeding with the project. So that always remains an option and we're looking into that. But I think that mostly likely outcome is that we do complete the project.
Andrés Gluski: I think that's a great comment, Angie, something we discussed. We've been paying down the debt consistently try to take advantages of windows in the market. We also have the options of transforming our portfolio for the future, and so taking advantage of the platform. So, we have to balance those two. So obviously that’s something that we’ve looked at, what is the speed of the debt pay-downs that we should do. And what we think is important is to have a very clear north where we’re going and to deliver on that. And as we do asset sales and as we see opportunities to add to our platform, we’ll take that into consideration. But again, I think, we have a good track record in terms of consistently improving our credit profile, de-risking and cutting our cost.
Andrés Gluski: This is the primary one. The target would be around 4%, but it's depending upon, obviously, business mix and those kind of things. But generally it's around 4%, it should be a combination of parent free cash flow growth, which will be the strongest contributor, as well as some continued debt pay-down.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, that’s what we’re -- there were two things I mentioned that would be offsets. One is a specific tax matter that would cause our tax rate to be lower. I think we had a range of 29 to 32, and the tax would be at the lower end of the range. And then the other would be specific settlement of a commercial issue.
Andrés Gluski: Brian, that’s always a very delicate question for us, because we’re operating in these markets. I think in the case of Brazil, when we I think foreshadowed that we had a lot of hydrology risk in Brazil. So, with the sale of AES Sul, we think it’s better balances our portfolio. You may ask, why the hydrology risk, or regulatory risk at AES Sul, quite frankly, when you have droughts and you have an increase in energy prices, because they’re running more thermal, there isn’t an immediate pass-through to the distribution company. So quite frankly that puts pressure on our distribution companies in terms of cash. So, we think there’re main drivers of our value creations as strong cash flow, having less assets in distribution in Brazil, would make our cash flow more stable as we redeploy that cash. So, I’d say it’s clear with our core markets, which we’re going after, I mean, the markets we’re most interested in. And again, those markets where we can get long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts will have preference. I mean, we can’t get it everywhere. But we want to shift the portfolio again more contracted and with a lower carbon footprint. And that’s what you can see going forward.
Thomas O'Flynn: Ali, that’s maybe little more fine tuning than we want to get to. At this point, we’re clearly comfortable with the 12% to 16%. We think that ’18 will be stronger than ’17 we still think that ’16 to ’17 growth rate is going to be stronger and attractive. But I don’t want to get into too much fine-tuning we’ll certainly do that in Feb when we give formal guidance.
Thomas O'Flynn: I’d just say as it’s a distribution monetization rider, we’re very focused on doing it for the health of DP&L and for the T&E business. We think having a strong credit profile there is important and this will give us a trajectory to do that. And also, we do think that there is investment in the DP&L T&E business that would be good for customers and would also require capital. And that’s one of the major components of and frankly uses of cash as we talk with the commission.
Thomas O'Flynn: Just to clarify one thing I'd said on DP&L, it's a distribution modernization rider. I think I said something other than monetization. It's a big word for me.
Thomas O'Flynn: Just on DP&L, yes, it's similar. FE had some FFO ratios I think it was in 14.5%, it's similar to what we're using, so that's what gets us the $145 million of revenue requirements, or DMR I'll call it that we've requested. We are focused on seven years. They were shorter with an ability to extend, but we do think it's helpful to have a defined longer period, but that's certainly a matter of our discussions right now.
Thomas O'Flynn: I think we'll have a better idea of what the metrics will translate to from the agencies. We want to be careful. I don't want to be presume what their judgment would be, that's why we're trying to control, we can control. It's basically move our -- our ratios have gone from 6.5% to about 5%, and we to go to 4% or low 4s depending upon our business mix, the stability of the business. I don't think it'll materially change our business or financing strategy. I will say that we've done a lot, continue to do a lot to look ahead and refinance, take advantage of market windows, be at the parent, or really all throughout our subs. The project finances or subsidiary finances that would be bundles. But one thing I’d say is that we probably look to do bundles more than one-off deals where we can, and it still fits with the strategy. So, we’re doing that in some places we’ve got expansion right now in the Dominican Republic. But $250 million to close this cycle make a project thermal efficient on its gas usage. And that’s being done. It's basically being bundled with our Andres plant. It’s a very efficient plant. So, we’re bundling those two together. So it means we don’t put in equity, we basically use the equity value of the Andrés to bundle that and alleviate equity requirements, and I’ll suggest upgrade the credit packages. We’re doing the same thing in the Philippines where new Masinloc is part of the credit package of the Philippines. So, we’ll look to do more of that. And I think especially as we go and look at some smaller renewables, we’re doing some smaller renewables in the U.S. This year we’ll do about almost 100. And those are the things that you really do bundled financing as opposed to project-by-project.
