Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we're reaffirming our 2023 guidance for all metrics and our targeted annualized growth rates through 2027. We continue to make substantial progress on our strategic priorities, including tripling our installed renewables capacity by 2027, increasing the rate base at our U.S. utilities by more than 10% per year through 2027 and and transforming our portfolio by exiting coal by the end of 2025, while investing in new technologies. We are delivering on all the commitments we made on our Q4 2022 earnings call and at our Investor Day presentation. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Andres Gluski: Sure, Durgesh. Good to talk to you. Look, we signed 5.2 gigawatts of new PPAs last year. So what we're seeing this year is we already have 2.2 signed. We have visibility into just 2 projects, which would be another about 2.4, right? Which would put us 4.4. And of course, we have other projects in the pipeline. So we're not really setting out an official target, but I'm saying that we believe that we should be similar to last year. And we do have a couple of what I call these whales, the 1 gigawatt plus targets, but we feel very good because we see a lot of demand for our products. We have people coming to us with products. So it's really looking at how do we best allocate our money where we get the highest returns and best allocate our teams.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Look, I would say that we feel very good about our construction program. So -- versus -- this was the big challenge of this year to grow our construction program in the U.S. by 100%. We feel very good about it. Unfortunately, a lot of these are slated to be commissioned towards the latter part of the year. So we should have a good view in -- on the Q3 call of where we stand. And whether we're going to do more of these projects this year. But in general, we're very pleased with the supply chain, with our construction teams. The team has really stepped up to the task, and I'm very proud of them.
Andres Gluski: Durgesh, I guess another point I'd like to make is that we've been very effective at bringing in partners to fund our projects. So that's obviously another lever that we have. So we laid out what could be a possible path. We were very conservative on the numbers. But if we don't feel that we want to, at some point in the future, issue equity, we can always invite partners into our project. Of course, we're giving them part of the upside as well.
Andres Gluski: Well, of course, the final rules haven't come out. What I would like to say is that our Felix project -- our project in Texas is -- really would meet the very strictest criteria. So it is additional. It is hourly matched. It is regional. So it has the very lowest carbon footprint technically feasible in the U.S. So I'd like to put that right out there that our project is not dependent in any way about how the rules come out. Now having said that, I do believe that additionality is important. I also believe that we have to move to early matching, in part because we need green hydrogen projects to be tradable goods. So these are the rules in Europe. I also think regionality is important, so we don't add further congestion. So really, what we want is that the new rules come out help us create a market, but they also help lower our total carbon footprint. So we don't want to just be squeezing the balloon, taking off renewable energy from the grid to produce green hydrogen.  And we can get into more specifics there. So I do expect that the rules will come out, we'll incorporate some of these factors. But I want to say that our projects are very solid. We have committed off-takers, which I think is the key because this market for green hydrogen is developing. So to have early-on projects, I think the key is not only have a great project, and it -- with a very low carbon footprint. So you get all of the benefits of the IRA, but to have a committed offtaker.
Andres Gluski: Well, look, I think transmission constraints are affecting the market already. So we got out early, and we started getting a filing for interconnections on a big way 3 years ago in key markets like PJM and CAISO. So I think we're in a good position there. I think right now, we have a new industry here. And so I think we have to come to terms with the new definitions. What is pipeline? So for us, pipeline is projects that we already have, either land rights, interconnection rights, real prospects to make a project. And then, of course, there are different phases. Some projects are far more advanced shovel ready and some are more at the beginning of the Q. I think having looked at a lot of say, proposals from other developers, they count pipeline things that are -- we would call prospects. And I think we have to move towards a common definition, I mean, a little bit perhaps like the oil sector, which has possible reserves -- has probable reserves and has proven reserves, right? And I think what's very important is that the -- to get a pipeline, you have to invest and you have to have money. So some of the new changes, for example, on the interconnections will make it a little bit more costly just sort of spurious flood the zone request for interconnections. So maybe Steve can give you some comments on how that is progressing, which would be favorable to us. We don't see any sort of short-run effect of it. But in the long run, it's favorable to us because I think we've been the most, I would say, stringent about what we consider pipeline. And what we're very interested in doing is maximizing the conversion rate. But I do also want to emphasize that if somebody comes to us, a client and ask us to complete on advanced stage development project, that's the best of all worlds because we get to conserve the pipeline. We weren't investing money when it was at the highest risk stage and can bring it online more quickly and satisfy that client.
Andres Gluski: And I say, look, we're also taking sort of technological a look at how we can improve transmission for our projects. So this is like using the grid stack to be able to baseload transmission lines, which were really peakers. This means dynamic line rating. This means using our prefab solar, which takes about half the space to be able to put higher loads where we have a good interconnection. And you also noticed that we're putting large battery projects where we have interconnections from our decommissioned coal plants. So we're looking at this problem rather holistically. And again, I think we're in a very good position to take advantage of what's going to be an increasingly congested grid.
Andres Gluski: I would say yes. I mean, the -- there's some definitions that they are waiting for in various markets, but about rules of where you can locate data centers. But no, we're definitely seeing increased interest and increasing demand, and we are the largest provider to U.S. data centers. And so I think we can uniquely provide data centers with the same quality of service, for example, in certain markets abroad, be it Mexico, Chile, Brazil, which is another advantage for us. So yes, we are seeing increased demand from that sector.
Andres Gluski: Well, again, I think we're the most advanced in terms of real green hydrogen projects. So in the U.S., we have committed offtakers for that project in Texas. We have several other projects, including two of the hubs, one in Los Angeles also one in Houston. I would say that we could sign the first project this year. It will be -- we're coming online for 2027 outside our guidance range. And the subsequent wins would be somewhat further out, '27, '28. But what we're seeing is strong demand. And basically, we are seen as a preferred partner by several people. And we also have very good projects, for example, in Chile, which is to green the mining sector. They're heavy equipment. We've already green electricity use, and a possible ammonia export project in the Northeast of Brazil. So again, stay tuned, but I feel quite confident in saying we're the most advanced in projects with committed off-takers. And we think we will hit these numbers. It's really a question of as they come online because you have to have the equipment that can use it. Certainly, in the shorter term, you can substitute green hydrogen in thermal processes in a lot of petrochemicals or steel plants, other things like that. So we have to see as this market develops. But again, I think we're very well positioned. It's a very exciting opportunity for us.
Andres Gluski: I think we're well advanced on Phase 2 is what I'm willing to say. It would be a similar project to Phase 1. So that is the largest solar plus storage project in the U.S. in California. So it's a very unique offering that we can bring together.
Andres Gluski: Angie, and thanks for that question. And I think you got it spot on. Look, this is, quite frankly, a symptom of strength in our case. We have the hottest management team in the market. And so of course, people are going to be being made offers. And if people are obviously -- if they want to go to private equity and bet on a longer-term IPO, that's their right. But this in no way affects our business whatsoever. And I think the best proof of that is after the departure in clean energy, we've signed more PPIs. So we're doing very well. I don't expect it to have any impact on the business. And I expect the same in U.S. utilities. I don't expect this will have any impact whatsoever. But it is a sign of that, yes, we have a strong team, we have a deep bench, and we'll continue to identify talent and prepare it and move it up. Again, let's say, where AES was in, say, in 2012 or something, our team wasn't the honest in the business, people wouldn't be trying to poach it. So it is what it is, but I feel very good about where we are, and it doesn't change our plans whatsoever. And I think the teams are very motivated on executing on the plans that we laid out.
Andres Gluski: Well, I can say categorically, absolutely, under no uncertain terms, we have no such projects in our backlog. I want to make very clear because maybe some other people are doing that. I think that's not transparent. I would not recommend anybody to do it. In our case, whatever we have in the backlog, we are -- we have the project, we are committed to delivering it on a certain date for a certain amount of time, and our clients have an obligation to take that energy -- a certain amount of energy for a certain amount of time. So this is binding for both sides. And the fact that 43% of our backlog is currently being built, we have ordered all the equipment for our '23 through '25 backlog, and about 3 quarters of them will come online by 2025. So I want to make very clear that's a good question. I wouldn't recommend anybody to do that. And I can say, categorically, we would never do something like that.
Andres Gluski: I think -- I mean the other thing is that these are -- all investment-grade quality offtake or the very highest quality off-takers that you can have. So we are selling down the premium product in the market. So I think it's important to say that, look, people have talked about inflation, people have talked about writing interest rates, we're not seeing a degradation of our margins. So the margin of our money into these projects, we're not seeing any squeeze whatsoever.
Andres Gluski: I was just say we're executing exactly what we laid out at the beginning of the year. So there's been no change. I want to make that clear.
Andres Gluski: So on the first point, no, it's not fair. Characterization is not fair. So what -- look, all right, we have partnerships in all of our businesses. So we don't necessarily have to do it on the new projects. So we can bring in partners to -- money is fungible. So if we monetize a different business, that means we have more money available for renewables. We will -- as we have in the past, we can choose to optimize the return on invested capital. And I think that we're doing a very good job of how we exit coal. I think the Warrior Run monetization, I think is probably better than people's expectations. And so we continue to manage that. So all I'm saying is that -- we never -- as Steve said in his script, we didn't -- we put this out as a 5-year plan. And in the 5-year plan, we had a certain amount of asset sales, a conservative number, and we had a sort of range for potential equity issuance as well. So the 2 somewhat offset each other. So if we do better on the asset sales, we will need less equity and we do better in terms of bringing in partnerships. So what we're saying at these levels, we do not feel comfortable issuing equity. But I think it's been very clear from our presentation that we have tremendous demand for what we're doing. And that is a once-in-a-lifetime market opportunity. So we want to create the most value for our shareholders from that opportunity. So obviously, if we don't have -- what we feel is correctly valued equity, we'll have to use other levers. And this should be nothing new to you guys. We have financed a remarkable change in this company without issuing equity. We did it by selling down assets. We got into wind by bringing in partners. So what we're saying is nothing like a promise for the future. It's just more of the same. So we will use whatever the levers creates the most value for our shareholders, and we will continue to do so.
Andres Gluski: Well, in Puerto Rico, we're greening the island's energy grid. So we do have renewal projects we're bringing in batteries as well. And it's our plan to phase out coal by 2025. So we're assisting the island and its energy transition. And I think we've been very clear what our objectives are.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And I'm also very excited about that Dayton is finally getting incoming investment. So you have a new Honda EV plant to have a battery plant coming into our service area. So you're starting to see an economic recovery. Dayton had sort of been not participating in the expansion that we had seen in Eastern Ohio. So it's a very exciting time, and we're very happy that we could invest and continue to improve the quality of service and continue to attract new investments into the Dayton area. So it's not only a rate base story, I think there's an economic recovery story happening in Dayton for the first time in decades. So it's a very exciting time to be in Dayton.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Look, I mean, as I said in my remarks, Durgesh, this is just a function of multiple levers. And we're seeing a lot of great progress on our asset sale program and the $3 billion that we put out at Investor Day was well below the total universe of opportunities. So -- what I wanted to point out is that we're only going to issue equity in the future, and that could be far in the future to the point that it's value accretive to shareholders, and we haven't also tapped other sources that we intend to tap, which is our asset recycling program. So as you saw with where you run, as we've seen, as we've executed on the renewable sell-downs, as we exit further coal assets, we have a lot of upside in that asset sale number. So at this point, it's indefinitely into the future and our share price would need to be substantially higher than where it is today, and it would have to be value accretive to shareholders on a per share basis.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add to that, look, I mean, we're very pleased with the final rules coming out of the third quarter 2023. But although, as Andre said, we've -- this has been our strategy to lead renewables development for many years. So we put ourselves in an advantaged position, I think, many years ago getting into these cues. Nonetheless, it is important for the industry overall for these cues to be move along faster in the process to be more efficient. So having the higher financial thresholds to get into the cues and to stay in the cue, having to demonstrate project maturity in terms of permits, and financing behind them, having cluster studies so that this isn't just a one by one review process. And then having the penalties and the teeth behind the deadlines that have to be met to do the studies is also important. So there's a number of angles at which this issue is being approached through the order. The order is due to be published, I think, very soon and will go into effect 60 days later. I think it's a great thing for the industry. We've already felt great about our position. But of course, over the longer term to have these cues cleaned up and moving faster is very important, and I think we'll further accelerate growth throughout the rest of the decade.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And on top of that in site -- so just as Andreas pointed out, with the new project, we have the energy community adder for that project. And actually, most -- all of our wind projects going forward, we expect to qualify for the domestic adder as well, Angie, so there's some significant offsets to the cost of financing that we've been achieving too.
Steve Coughlin: So yes, this is Steve, Julien. So the $0.30 it doesn't -- sound correct or actually more like $0.20 is the LNG year-over-year delta to be offset. And then, of course, we're more than doubling the renewable commissioning this year. So if you recall, it was just around 1 gigawatt last year, and it's 2.1 gigawatts this year, most all of which is in the second half of the year. So what we're carrying in the first half is sort of more of the cost in renewables. The EBITDA has been relatively flat through the first half. In the second half, then we're going to see that renewable number pick up substantially, and that's why we have the 75% loading on the second half of the year earnings. That's a major driver. The other is, of course, utility demand in Ohio and Indiana peaking in Q3. You've got Southland, where we have the peak cooling season in the third quarter. And then we have hydro in Latin America, typically, the volumes are much higher as we come out of the wet season in the summer and the winter and you have the snow melt into the fall. So those are really the primary drivers is the clean energy Southland, the utilities and then some of the hydro assets in Latin America having much more volume in the second half of the year. But the LNG offset is really only about $0.20 for the -- and mostly in the third quarter.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Yes, this is -- I think we're right at 25% on the EPS, Julian, year-to-date. So this is -- what we're seeing, although the year-over-year in the quarter is lower, that's primarily due to coal retirements in Chile as we've done the green blended extend, some of the coal that's still there, the margins have come down, which was all expected. So we're exactly on track. And also, to your point, there is some potential upside, as Andres noted, we feel really good about being on track with the construction program and there still remains the upside on the 600 megawatts potential.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Let us get back to you on the exact number because I don't have that math in front of me, but the renewables contribution is looking at least on track, is what I would say.
Steve Coughlin: No, there's no -- there's no specific Maritza process underway, Julien, at this point. So still evaluating different pathways for Maritza.
Steve Coughlin: So this is Steve. So yes, Fluence is part of the portfolio we own roughly 1/3, 34% of Fluence. It is not consolidated, but it does come in through equity method. And we do, in our adjusted EBITDA definition include an adjustment to include Fluence EBITDA. So that does show up and it's in our new energy technologies SBU influence margin...
Steve Coughlin: So look, I mean, I would say -- so given that it's an outside business, I don't think I would parse this out as like core or noncore. It's been a really important strategy for us to be able to lead in energy storage, both in development as well as in the technology as well as sort of advancing the way that storage gets used to create the innovative solutions we've done like 24/7 carbon-free energy to make those products work. We've done a lot of co-innovation, co-development with Fluence around that. So that's, I would say, definitely core to our strategy is what we've been able to do with storage. But as Andres said many times, these are technology businesses of their own right. They're separated. We are not in them indefinitely, and we continue to grow new opportunities. And as we do we may look to monetize part of our positions down the road. No time soon, and we see a lot of value upside. We're very pleased with how the new management team has driven value already that's been recognized, but we still see a lot of upside and there's a lot of partnership that we continue to work on new solutions around. So it is core from that perspective that I laid out.
Steve Coughlin: So no, nothing that we're contemplating at this point. I mean, look, we did a $900 million debt deal just in the second quarter. Nothing -- no specific convert for us contemplated at this point.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Gregg, it's right on track with what we assumed in our guidance. So the decision has been put on the agenda for next week, August 9, that was just published, I believe, yesterday.  So right on track in terms of when we assume the decision to be made. And we still feel really good about where that is likely to come out. As a reminder, once the decision is made, is to put in place, then the new rates that were decided upon last year immediately go into effect. And as we've laid out, the riders would go into effect and then the frequent quarterly recovery on our distribution investments going forward, would start to be put in place. And so this is a business really pivoting to a very different phase from where we've been delevering and setting that business up for a more normalized structure. This is an important pivot point for Ohio to really pivot to growth, and there's a lot of room for growth as there's the lowest rates in the state there in all customer classes. And even with the ESP 4, the new rates, we expect it to continue to be the lowest rates in the state for the foreseeable future. And we have, as Andres noted, 10%-plus rate base growth expected going forward. So we're very excited about this and look forward to the decision next week.
