Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, of course, I can't comment and I haven't. A lot of our -- none of our possible asset sales, we sort of laid out how we look at businesses and how we sell them. I would say that the -- that is within the EMEA region, and it's a relatively modest contributor to earnings and a very small contributor to our parent operating cash flow or dividends back to corp.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I would say that the parent free cash -- I mean, no, we're not going to -- as we're saying, we're staying within our guidance at this point. But as Tom indicated, we were doing better on the cash metric.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What we have in our long-term projections is low 30s. And so -- yes, this year in particular. This is very much effective from where the earnings come. So the earnings, for example, Brazil is having lower earnings, that is a high tax jurisdiction. If you have more earnings, for example, coming from Chile, that's a low tax jurisdiction.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I think in the first part of the question, how do we feel about our overhead cost reduction target. And first, I want to say, this is our overhead cost reduction targets. We're doing a lot of other things in the businesses. So first, yes, we feel confident that we will exceed the $145 million. We'll give you more exact indication how far we think that will go when we update our guidance for next year, in the fourth quarter, after we've finished our budget. And regarding the second question, as we said, we'll work very hard to exceed the sort of total return, as we set out at 6% to 8%. But we are facing significant headwinds. The dry hydrology this year is, in many cases, the worst the country's experienced in 70 years. And what's been very unusual is that the north of Latin America and the south of Latin America were correlated, which is usually they're not correlated, they're going opposite directions. As well as FX and commodities, but we remain committed to try to exceed this goal.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sort of the 2 parts of the question. First, yes, we remain optimistic that we can reach the $500 million in net proceeds to AES this year. And when you talk about the $900 million -- when I talk about the $900 million, that's up and above the $230 million that has already been closed this year.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct. And if you remember, when we first started talking about it, we always said there was a universe around $2 billion. And what we're saying at this stage is that we feel confident that we can reach that -- from now to the next 2 years, complete this and hit the $2 billion figure.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. And I'd like to add there, the way we're looking at the portfolio is that we really target even in the sense that through something like this, emission of shares at Gener, we can target the exact amount that we want and so -- also buy some of the sell-downs, so we'll be doing partial sell-downs. So what we're doing is really optimizing our portfolio and seeing where we get the -- we feel the best returns. Of course, it's a strategic objective of controlling these companies so that we can really extract the synergies from having this global portfolio.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I would say, in the number I gave you, the $900 million, some of that could be partial sell-downs than the $200 million that we are -- or $900 million that we're going to do over the next 2 years. So part of that could be partial sell-downs, and we could sell down at various levels. And again, the basic idea is to be able to tailor the risks that we want in markets that we want in technologies. So for example, take something like Alto Maipo, we want half of that project, because that's what we feel would be optimal for Gener and for us. And the same thing is the decision between Cochrane and Alto Maipo is to be able to do both projects. So as Tom mentioned, we will look at what's the optimal mix of partnerships and new equity, for example, into Gener.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Just to give you a sort of -- we have a great asset there. It's the only major plant in Bulgaria which is EU 16 compliant, very good contract. There's some things going on in Bulgaria, we're on top of that. I think Andy can comment a little bit more on the specific actions.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: On Uruguaiana, in terms of the actual operations of the plant, we operated for 2 months, and we expect to probably get it back up in September. This has to do with the Brazilians, as you know, because of the drought, they have managed their reservoirs very well and have been requesting a lot more thermal into the system. Now some of that, of course, has been socialized across all the generators, including Japan, that's affected somewhat the results. But yes, we do expect to be operating it once again, probably in September.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. That's good to clarify. I mean, when I say September, on the month of September, our goal is to have it long-term available, constantly available, and receive capacity payments, et cetera. And we do have very good relations with both governments, and we're in conversations and we're optimistic this will happen.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Our total exposure is about, let's say, 5% of our total PTC, pretax contribution. And I would say that our exposure, as you can see in the Q, is about $80 million in terms of, let's say, accounts receivable that are past due. But I'd say that that's basically -- on book value, I think it's somewhere around 590...
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. But just to put it in context, as Andy said, I mean, right now, our focus is really on making sure we maintain the receivables at this level. The plant is operating very well, and the issues that the sector is facing in Bulgaria have a lot -- really are driven by this. It has to do with some of the legacy plants, increasing their exports of energy, and they've taken the right steps. So it's a question of strengthening any case cash flow more than anything else.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We didn't -- well, we basically did have an issue with a contractor on that. And I think Brian can comment on that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Gregg, could you clarify the question? I didn't hear it very well, for Andy. The second part of the question regarding MCAC.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. As I've always said, the authorizations are really no issue in terms of us getting authorizations. The question is, as we make our capital allocation plans as we decide to do different things. So as I've said in the past, this is -- we have it. It's on the shelf. We can use it as we feel it is appropriate. If, for any reason, we wanted to exceed that amount, and of course, we could go back to the board and discuss it.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Well, thank you, operator. Before we conclude today's call, let me reiterate that we are reaffirming our guidance, that we continue to execute on our strategic plan, that we will continue to reduce cost and rationalize our portfolio. As we've previously laid out, we are maintaining a balanced approach to allocate capital towards deleveraging, returning cash to shareholders and investing in platform expansion to maximize risk-adjusted returns. We look forward to seeing you in the near future. And with that, I will now turn the call back to Ahmed.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. I think, Jon, I said it's the proportional free cash flow. I think I'd say that proportional free cash flow, we just stay with the ranges we have. I think the parent free cash flow, we're actually more conservative with that range going out at the start of the year, so we're now focused towards the top end of that range. And as we consider dividend policy later in the year, that's an important baseline.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. So I think, Jon, you're right. I think as we look at sort of a run rate cutting through the differences, if next year is a normalized year on a similar path of earnings, we'd be about $0.10 to $0.12 higher in taxes.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, I think you said it well, Andres. I'd say we do look at ways that we can attract capital at more attractive levels. We certainly do at the project level with partnerships that Andres has touched on. We did look at the solar situation in the North and thought it was a good concept, we just weren't comfortable with the value. It may look better in the future once Mount Signal gets online. But...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, Julien. It's Tom. It's really more -- Alto Maipo is on track. The partnership is very consistent with our expectations and what we've worked on for the last 6 months. It's really how Gener fund their equity piece into Alto. And we're looking at some scenarios that would have some non-equity which could reduce the Gener new issue common into the market.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, that's our expectation. So when you said up to $100 million, that would be roughly 70% of the deal, so that would assume that Gener would do an equity deal of $150 million, $175 million, something like that. Appreciate it's still work in process, but it also impacts how we see relative values. And so even if Gener went a little larger than we can subscribe to up to 70%, we can also dial it back if we want.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Gregg, let me hit -- try those. From a parent free cash flow, I think our range for this year, $400 million to $500 million, was conservative. And as I said, we're more comfortable with the higher end of the range. You may remember last year, the number was about $520 million, $525 million. I think $500 million is a generally good run rate for us. We haven't got a specific number for next year, in '15, but that's a generally good number, maybe $450 million to $500 million. As we look out longer term, with some new plants coming online, especially Mong Duong, which comes on later in '15, we do think '16 and thereafter, we'll have some good ability for us to grow off of that base, if you will. But certainly, as it impacts dividends, as we've talked, we think we can grow into a range and then grow the baseline on a longer-term basis. Andy, I don't know if you want to touch on the spot sales...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I think we will have some -- the interest savings that we're seeing this year, we'll have some continuation of that. I think it's in the 30-ish range, maybe $0.03 to $0.04, Gregg, from a bottom line EPS impact.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Julien, it's Andy Vesley. I really don't want to talk about all kind of options because quite honestly, our discussions associated with...
Andrew Martin Vesley: Sorry, Julien. It's Andy Vesley. In terms of what's going on in Bulgaria, as you know, what's driving all these issues are the perception of the high energy prices, and that's retail energy prices. And as you may be following, when the new government came in, they reduced distribution tariffs by 7%, and that was done by impacting the distribution companies' distribution value added. August 1, they've come out with a new regime, basically reducing energy prices again by 5%, and that is going to other generators and not those who have PPAs like AES. The real issue that we're focusing on the moment is with our offtake in NEK and their liquidity because the primary focus for us right now is making sure our accounts are current. So we're in constant discussions. We had very productive discussions. They are working very hard to find ways of continuing to meet their obligations to us. At the moment, that's where our discussions are. And it's a changing situation. The Bulgarian government has taken a lot of steps in the sector, a lot of focus on NEK and how it's structured. So at this point, it's our relationship with NEK, which is in front of us, and the most immediate issue is to make sure that they continue to meet their obligation in paying for the energy that we provide them. So that's where we are at the moment. And as this goes forward, we'd be happy to update.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Well, we're not ready to say that yet. I mean, the real issue becomes -- right now, in Brazil, as you know, they're still using a lot of thermal generation. So the ability to have Uruguaiana available to provide supply to help rebuild the reservoir levels is essential. And actually, the Brazilian government had said that. The real issue becomes the relationship between Brazil and Argentina and getting the gas. As you remember, the last time when we restarted the plant, it was Brazilian gas transported through Argentina. So there are a few pieces that have to work. Those conversations are ongoing, they're active, and we're very hopeful that we will not only be able to get the plant back, as Andres said, in an emergency situation, whether this year, but as we resolve the YPF situation, we'll have a long-term commitment.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Gregg, maybe I'll just say that I think MCAC was still in the range, trending towards the lower part of that -- some meaningful offsets from Panama where we have said had some improved results out of the Dominican Republic. So it's still -- we're still below the midpoint in MCAC, but the DR is done well and I think benefited from some market conditions there.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Brian, I'm going to have to say that I'm aware of those ongoing discussions. I know that there had been a lot of proposal put back and forth. I am not aware that we have a decision, so we'll have to update you because I don't have any new information on that.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Paul, Andy Vesley here. The only thing I would say is that the liquidity issue in NEK is being worked by the government and the sector, and the new regime are looking for a lot of nonenergy cash visibility in NEK. Their laws have been changes in the taxes on energy. But let me put it into some perspective. I think our accounts are about $84 million, of which, 75% are less than 60-day aged. We've been in this situation with them before, and we've always been able to come to an arrangement. Without going to too much detail at the moment, we've received a letter from NEK basically with the proposal that would make them whole rather in the first quarter and a payment scheme. So everything seems productive there. And of course, it very much depends on a lot of this new regime coming into place, but the relationship we have, in any case, is very positive, it's very open. We meet with them regularly. We have solved this type of issue in the past, and we're trying to be as flexible as we can so we can have a long-term solution. They have an issue. Everybody's working on it. We want to be part of that solution. And given the past performance of NEK and our contacts with the government, we feel we're back on the path to having a resolution. And as that becomes firm, we'll be able to update everybody on it.
