Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we have had a strong third quarter with both our core business and AES Next doing well. We're increasing our target for science renewable PPAs from 4 gigawatts to 5 gigawatts, and Fluence successfully completed its $6 billion IPO. We remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial goals, including our 7% to 9% annualized growth rate in earnings and cash flow, and will continue to create greater shareholder value by being the leading integrator of new technologies. With that, I would like to open up the call to questions.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I think we're rolling it out very well. We have said, from the beginning when we did the first Google one, that this was a product that was -- there was a lot of interest from other large corporate customers. We feel good that this is not the last deal we'll do. I think, the key here is the ability to provide around the clock, and so this is 100% renewable for 15 years. So the product keeps getting more sophisticate. Now, to do that, you need to be able to model all possible situations in a given area of service, integrating also batteries and different forms of renewable power. So we've been very flexible on that. We're very excited about that, and we see additional opportunities going forward. I think as we mentioned, 90% of the deals we have signed, in the last year-to-date, have been with corporate customers. And so we really see this type of structured project -- product really being a competitive advantage for us. So stay tuned. We think there's a -- something that we've been talking about. We're really seeing it come to fruition.
Andres Gluski: No, we were basically talking about solar panels, but we also have the balance of plan. So we feel very secured about it. But the one that's been, let's say, more in the press and more top of mind for everybody, has been solar panels. We very early on, started switching buying from Chinese panels to buying panels made in Malaysia, Vietnam, and in the future, Cambodia. And we've also, I think, been leaders in getting our suppliers to certify that there's no, let's say, poly silicon coming from Western China in the -- that could be questionable in terms of the labor practices. So we feel very comfortable. We have the supplies. We have flexibility. And we're also buying a number of U.S. panels made in the U.S. so -- without polysilicone by the by the way. So altogether we feel very comfortable that we have enough to meet our backlog to 2024, and that includes the balance of the plant, and that includes a batteries.
Andres Gluski: Sure, great question. Look, we are achieving -- targeting and achieving low teen returns in the U.S. And we are targeting and achieving mid to higher teens outside of the U.S. Those are the -- those are really our hurdle rates that we are achieving, we feel very good about that. Now, realizing that there's a lag between signing a PPA and commissioning the project, so this year, we'll commission north of 1.5 gigawatts, maybe as high as 2. Next year, we should be somewhere between 3.5 and 4 gigawatts. This momentum will continue. We see -- it's not just the number of megawatts, we have to make sure that we're earning, on average, the right returns.
Andres Gluski: Thanks for the question. Look, we see Uplight,in the terms of its maturity, two to three years behind Fluence. But we're very happy with the progress that up Uplight has made and very happy with what we've done with AES Next. Because, if you look at our capital contribution and today's valuation, that's a 20-X. So that's -- some of this has been in -- even though we were working for example, on batteries for a long time, but really in terms of having a business, it's been roughly about three years -- 3, 4 years. This has created a lot a lot of value for our shareholders. And it's very interesting because there's two sides of the business. The AES Next is really a value play, especially during this rapid growth phase because you have to expense a lot of your investments really. But at the same time, they are helping us grow. When you talk about the structured products that we're selling to corporations, having AES Next and the know-how from there, has been extremely helpful. As I said, stay tuned, we have others in the works. The most mature probably is 5B. We think 5B has a lot of potential because of what it offers. It offers speed of build, it offers less use of land, and hurricane resistant is very important. Hurricane wind resistant is very important. So we're very happy with the progress there and very happy about the relationship between the AES core business and AES Next.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Steve and I will answer this one. Let me take the second one, so it's definitely within our 25 numbers, because it was assumed that they would convert until the stat was the share count. So what is different is that we have a higher share count, '21, '22, and '23. That is the only difference in these calculations regarding AES Next, the one that's producing the largest drag is Fluence, quite frankly in Fluence, as it matures. And it's made all these investments in new designs, in gearing up to be able to meet that supply, in terms of guaranteeing supply of batteries around the world. And as sales increase, this will, I would say, gradually turn positive. And Steve, you want to mention --
Andres Gluski: Julien, regarding the LNG. We have a very strong position in the Gulf of Mexico, between the Dominican Republic and Panama. We have basically been contracting much more in terms of the Dominican Republic filling up the second tank, and the Panama filling up the first tank. So we see LNG as a necessary transition fuel. And I think what we're seeing a little bit in Europe and a little bit in China. It's very important to manage this transition. So while we were coming up with new technologies, making it possible to put more renewables on the grid, make renewable cheaper, make them more efficient and satisfy more what customers want. We see that in some -- many places, LNG natural gas is the necessary transition fuel. These two will work together. And as we said, we are on our way to filling up our full capacity of the two locations of the three tanks.
Andres Gluski: Yes. That's right. That's right. There's still more potential. Quite frankly, that's the most profitable thing we can do, is to fill up an existing tank.
Andres Gluski: Well, this is through Uplight. And Uplight has been -- I believe the biggest seller of Nest in the U.S. because it reaches around 100 million final consumers in the U.S. So the idea is to continue to add on that platform more things, and improve customers experience, and customers capabilities of improving their energy efficiency use. Now, of course, Uplight works through large utilities. That's really how it goes. I think, there is a lot of opportunity there. I agree with that. And what Uplight has been doing is acquiring additional capabilities by some of these acquisitions, adding onto that platform. It's really using that platform, using that entry, into final consumers to provide additional value-add services.
Andres Gluski: I don't have that available right now. I think the way to think about it, is this is the value of the total Uplight platform. And as you know, we partnered with Schneider Electric to have more capabilities, with more acquisitions. and we're working very closely with our utility customers. So I think the way this value will be reflected and captured, is through the value of Uplight. And as I said, I think it's 2-3 years behind Fluence in terms of its evolution.
Andres Gluski: I think, 2 things: As you know, we are growing very rapidly in renewables. We have plans to sell down coal. So we will continue to manage this portfolio to optimize its value for our shareholders, and we'll see how that develops. Right now, our focus is really on filling up the gas tanks.
Steve Coughlin: Sure, no -- thanks, Andres. And thanks for the question. As I said in my script, this is recalculation, so it's just a different denominator on the capital, on the equity units that we raised earlier this year. It's purely just math, frankly. And looking ahead, we do see we have many levers, as Andres said. so we're fully committed to the 7% to 9%. These shares were already incorporated as of 2024, so it has no impact on that longer-term growth rate. And then, looking ahead, we have a number of value accretive opportunities in the portfolio. So we're in the midst of our planning process at this point and we'll give 2022 guidance in February. But we feel very confident in the overall growth rate and there's definitely things that we can do to stay within -- stay within that range going forward.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. This is Steve. I'm happy to describe it in a little more detail. We issued the $1 billion equity units back in March. And as I said, it was -- the treatment that we use was very well vetted by our accountants, by our external auditors, and to external advisors. at that point, we were using a treasury stock method for the treatment, so it didn't show up in the shared account. So there's a number of companies that have used similar instruments, and in consultation with our auditors, SEC had done a review of the treatment of these types of instruments, and has informed our auditors that they see a different interpretation. So, although we haven't had direct communications with the SEC, we felt it was most prudent that we go ahead and update the interpretation. So we're really just taking the prudent course of action here. This conversion was already assumed in the 2024 share count, so it's just an interim impact to the calculation. There's no new transaction here. It's just this recalculation of the shares. Ultimately, that's the source of it and we're trying to be as prudent as we can in terms of the treatment.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. No. No, we are. So I mean, I think there's a near-term dilution around of a similar level, say for 2022 and then that gradually reduces. And so by 2024, '25, we're expecting positive contributions and then significant acceleration in the positive contribution from that point.
Steve Coughlin: Obviously, as Andres said, I lead Fluence for its first 2.5 years, so I'm very familiar with the Company and its trajectory. And look the opportunity for Fluence has gotten massive, more massive than even we predicted when I started there. Going out and raising this capital was clearly targeted to go big and go much bigger. And so this, in some ways, what it does is it increases the near-term dilution deliberately because we're investing to accelerate the scale of the Company. And we know that it can be successful if we accelerate. But it's also then significantly increasing the upside when you get out into 24-25 period. Putting this capital to work is going to be near-term dilutive, but it's tremendously value accretive. And we've already seen some recognition of that in where it is today. And we think it's only going to go significantly upward from here. In our numbers, it turns positive, and it turns significantly positive by 2025.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. Yeah. It is reflected, and I would say, it comes -- from the level of dilution today, it's going to flip flop to being at least that level positive by that point.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah, I think Fluence will be at that point. Uplight will have grown too, but I would expect Fluence would likely be a few ahead be the largest driver, but I would say at least $0.06 positive from Next, by 2025.
Steve Coughlin: I will take the Southland question and then I'll turn it over to Andres, but that's correct, Julien. The Southland extension is -- the Redondo extension provide some upside. We had the Alamitos Huntington Beach, through 2023. We have the recent decision that's now upside for Redondo beach. But at this point, everything is just through 2023, and not beyond that. So the extent, there's an opportunity beyond that that would be upside to our guidance. And in addition, this year in the third quarter, we've seen in the numbers, we had the margin favorability from the hedges. There -- those legacy assets are quite valuable and we see the potential for further Q3 value recognition in our assets, which would also be upside into the guidance going forward.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning team. Congratulations on everything. Well done. To come back to this AES Next -- again, kudos there. As you guys think about the drag here, you talked about '21 having $0.06 drag. Through the '25 period here, how are you thinking about the cadence of that drag to evolve here? By the timing of '25, what is that reflected in your expectations here? And then, maybe, I'll throw in another nuanced EPS questions. When you're -- when you're thinking about the converts here, obviously you were able to offset that and be at the top end of '21. What does that say about by the time you get to 25, considering that the converts admittedly would've been sort of effectively fully diluted by then in terms of where you stand within your range as well. Again, give us a backdrop of all your successes, be it origination or otherwise.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: And that significantly positive, is reflected in that 25 number today? Want to understand how much of the earnings [Indiscernible]
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Got it. So it sounds like literally and perhaps figuratively, you haven't quite filled the tank on the incremental contribution from LNG or California when it comes to '25 yet, but there's more go.
