Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Paul. Thank you and welcome to AES Corporation’s second quarter earnings call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Joining me today, are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer, and other senior members of our management.  Before we begin our presentation, let me you remind you that our comments today will include forwarding-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the SEC. Our presentation is being webcast and slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, I think Brian. This is Ahmed. I think that in terms of earnings if that is your question, I think probably the margins we are accepting this year because of the lower hedging pricing as compared to ’09 is a $18 million less contribution as compared to 2009, which is roughly $20 million to $30 million this year, and in ’11 I think it’s even neutral if not negative, given that we have not hedged anything in ’11.
Ahmed Pasha: Well, thank you all again in attending this morning. If you have any questions, please feel free to call either Ms. Michael or myself. Thank you and have a nice day.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay, thanks Ahmed, and good morning to all of you joining us for our call today. This morning, I would like to focus my comments in three areas. First, the performance for the quarter; second, an update on our construction program; and third, an update on our growth opportunities and a discussion about our general approach to capital allocation, which I want to be sure we continue to communicate to investors on a regular basis.  First, our operating performance for the quarter, in line with our performance last quarter, our focus on operations resulted in improvements in nearly all of our financial metrics. For example, our proportional gross margin increased 19% while proportional operating cash flow also increased 14%.  These improvements were reflected in our adjusted earnings per share of $0.23 despite a $0.04 impact of a higher share count associated with raising capital to invest in value accretive opportunities. This quarter, we benefited from stronger economic growth and increased demand for electrical power in Asia and parts of Latin America such as Brazil. This was partially offset, however. In the US, we saw moderate demand growth and lower pricing and dark spreads for the merchant portion of our generating plea. Now, I will turn the call over to Victoria to provide a more detailed review of our financial performance, and I will talk about the construction and development, which will be driving our future earnings growth. Victoria.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, in terms of looking at nuclear capacity, this would not affect Mong Duong, Mong Duong has got a PPA, which will be our standard long-term contract with pricing already set. In Vietnam, it really does need a lot of capacity. They are already short of capacity. They are seeing high growth in their economy, as they continue to pick up as a country, which has got low cost manufacturing capacity, they are growing quite rapidly. I think in terms of, are getting into nuclear, we’ve decided not to move in that direction. We just don’t see enough opportunities for that to justify the investment we have to put in place to build up that capability. So, I think we are interested in our core power business, gas and coal plants; renewal business, wind and solar. I think there are plenty of opportunities that we see around the world just to be focusing on those opportunities, but we don’t seek getting into nuclear. I think the other part is, just a development, the length of time it takes to develop nuclear and to construct nuclear clearly makes it tough to justify putting a lot of money into those projects for us, but thanks for the question.
Paul Hanrahan: I think we’ve seen really strong growth in Asia and Latin America, and I think Eletropaulo has been seeing growth rates in the 5% percent range of their demand growth 6%, which has been corrected. In Asia, we are seeing, in Philippines I believe the number is over 10%, I think it’s 12% in terms of their electricity demand growth.  So, throughout Asia, we are continuing to see high growth rates as the domestic demand, domestic conception of those countries continues to pick up. So, I think in terms of trending, we think that’s a good sign in something we are focused on, because that really is the market where we invest lot of time and money and what we think we are going to see really interesting opportunities over the next 5 to 10 years.
Paul Hanrahan: I will just reiterate though, that we have a right of first refusal for any auction that might take place, if and when the BNDES, the Development Bank of Brazil decides to sell its interest, and that’s one of the reasons why we think having the liquidity that we have at the parent company is really important.  I mean what we are finding is having liquidity to be able to transact, really does allow us to be selective about where we put our capital, where we see good opportunities and again I point to the Ballylumford case, where we could move quickly, we had the local knowledge, we think that really did give us a leg up on our competition and allow us to execute that transaction very quickly.
Paul Hanrahan: Let me just comment on that, because I think it’s important. We still look at wind as the business that we might eventually go out and do an IPL. We took all the steps necessary to get it ready to go and as Victoria, mentioned it’s going to remain ready to go.  In terms of accounting though, because we didn’t have a transaction out there where we could take it public or sell it right away. We decided to just go ahead and write that off, which is the appropriate accounting treatment. But in terms of the investment we made, we will be ready to go, if and when the market comes back, where it would be an attractive opportunities.  I talked about portfolio management, I could see us doing more things like that where we could take some of our assets and take them public as a way to do portfolio management, but it’s going to depend on the markets. Our solar business would be for example another one, but we in Riverstone will continue to look at the opportunities to monetize that asset, potentially monetize a part of that business because we are seeing tremendous growth, we are seeing a lot of good projects there. We will look for ways that we can do some portfolio management down the road. So, doing this kind of accounting, something we wanted to do we have it ready to do, but it’s more of the accounting treatment. I should also comment on the CIC. I know I’ve got a lot of questions, when I was on the road is to why didn’t CIC proceed with the investment in the wind business? I think, I was out there meeting with them and I think there were a number of issues going on at the time with respect to US regulatory environment, questions about what’s going to happen with our US policy to renewables that I think gave them and of course others pause about what’s the future of renewables policy in the United States. What we agreed was that we set an artificial deadline out there to get this done by a certain date, and we agreed that it really wasn’t critical for us to do it now. We don’t need the capital today, they didn’t feel the need to invest, but we have agreed that we would continue discussions and it’s very possible at some point down the road they would come back into that business prior to us doing an IPO.  I think they still see the renewable business globally as being attractive, but the urgency wasn’t there to do it right away and we felt the same way. Quite frankly, it would have added more capital, would have caused more dilution to us. We felt it’s probably not the appropriate time to be taking on more capital.  So, that’s the reason why we decided to just let the LOI elapse, but it doesn’t mean they don’t continue to have an interest on a longer-term basis.
Paul Hanrahan: Thank you for asking that question. I think Victoria is pulling back here a little bit. The answer to that is I mean very simply, we built up a big infrastructure, our G&A costs are high. The advantage we have with that though is we are really geared up to do a lot with respect to financial statements, financial reporting.  So, as I see it, if we can do some things like IPOs, we should be able to do that very cost effectively. I do feel like those and in terms of G&A, this is going to be a major effort for us in the second half of the year, is becoming leaner. We had to go through a period of time where we had restatements; we had to build up the infrastructure. We now need to get to the point where we can do this more efficiently and I think we are now at a great point to do that. This could be a combination of having the capabilities available to us where we could do more, and also starting to skinny it down a little bit. If we don’t wind up doing IPOs, we probably have the ability to tighten down a little bit more, even more on that G&A cost.
Paul Hanrahan: Well it would have been for the entire global wind portfolio or the majority of it anyway. There is some places where, like Chile where we might have to leave that with our Chilean business, but they were going to buy into the global portfolio for wind and the intent was we both looked at it as if the IPO market ever became attractive, we would always want to have the option to go do that.  I think that’s true with, if you took any collection of our assets, if we saw an opportunity to do an IPO down the road where we had the critical mass, where the markets offered attractive pricing, it might be a way to take advantage of either local markets or particular markets for types of assets that would allow us to raise more capital cheaply than we might at the parent. If you look at where our parent stock is today, it’s painfully obvious that there are better places to raise capital than in the US markets for the kind of assets we have, and that’s something that’s going on the back of our minds about, our strategy going forward is to how we raise capital as we continue to grow in particular areas.
Paul Hanrahan: Well, Victoria talked about drivers for 2011. Let me start with the Ballylumford plant, I don’t remember the exact numbers but it’s about 500 megawatts of peaking capacity, 560 or so. It’s got a peaking plant, which will come off line in 2015, so that we expect that would be shut down.  The other piece of that which is roughly 600 something megawatt is a combined cycle plant which would continue operating and is contracted through 2018, so that would be the piece that we continue operating, we think has the long-term potential, but the peak would be shut down. In terms of the value from that plant, earnings accretion from that unit is probably in the range of about $0.04 per share coming from Ballylumford in 2011, that’s partly because it’s front loaded. And if we talk about our hurdle rate as being 15% and this exceeded that hurdle rate for us.  And again I think it’s because we have a plant not too far away, we know the market, we can operate it probably more efficiently by sharing resources, having some share procurement between the facilities, but given that we know the market and we can move quickly because we have liquidity, we think it enables us to get an attractive deal on that asset.  Maybe Victoria you could talk a little bit about how we are thinking about the 2011, we are not going to give guidance right now, but we can just give you some thinking about it.
Paul Hanrahan: Edward Hall, our head of North America and also heads our wind business and he is closest to that, he could comment.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. It’s hard to predict, because a lots going to depend on what the stock price does. We are not committed to spending $500 million at any price. We think we want to get a meaningful discount to the implicit value, so we are not eager to go out there and just put the money in to buying the stock, unless we can get it at good prices, and we’ll continue to evaluate what that price is as we go forward, we and the Board will.  We started this program when the stock was underlying. Its jumped up a little bit. As you can see we didn’t buy very much back, and we had some restrictions because of the earnings. Once we had a certain knowledge we were restricted as to what we could actually go do, but we’ll continue to evaluate that depending on how the stock price moves.  Obviously we don’t want to be chasing all the way up, because we do see some good opportunities for investments and acquisitions, and we won’t want to loose the ability to do that also, but we are going to balance that. When the stock is attractively priced, we’ll do that, but we’ll do it at levels that enable us to get that benefit. But that’s okay, we and the Board will continue to evaluate what’s the right limit price to do that.  And just in 2009, the reason we stopped there, and I think its relevant, was that we started to get business back -- I’m sorry, its actually 2008 I believe we did this. August 2008, when we saw our price dropping and we thought, well this is great, we are getting stock at a fantastic price, but then when the world was falling apart for us and everybody else, we started to get concerned about liquidity and we just held back, and that’s why when we looked at the CIC transaction, we begin to realize that if you got liquidity, if you’ve got cash, there’s a lot you can do and you could take advantage things. Quite frankly, if we hadn’t raised the money from CIC, we would not have been able to buy back stock at prices that were just under $10. That wasn’t our intention at the time, but at the same time its important to have the flexibility, the financial flexibility to go do things for value accreted for shareholders. So, there we didn’t stop because we didn’t like the price, we stopped because we were worried about liquidity. We are beyond that point now and I think we’ve got the financial flexibility to do many things.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, I think to me, very simply the way to think about is, everything we reported to-date is reflecting the fact that the legislation has not been extended. If it were not to be extended, then it’s probably a $0.06 hit relative to our guidance. The net impact we think we’d end up. So that’s -- if you are think about it, that’s the potential exposure to the company.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, I think you look at those as being primarily acquisitions, which they are going to be kind of lumpy and difficult to predict, but acquisitions are the kinds of things that you could get that in a matter of may be six months. You also have the renewables which are a big focus force and wind projects typically from the time you close, to pre align, that’s may be year, and then you talk about solar projects which might be less than a year. As I mentioned, these are the small projects, there are a lot of them going on, but when you start to add up the total numbers, it gets to be a meaningful number. So I do see the renewables contributing to the growth here also, in addition to acquisitions we may do, but acquisitions are probably the bulk of the -- if we are talking about anything meaningful, those would be probably a bigger ticket items that would be coming online.
Paul Hanrahan: Well, BNDS would be one. It’s hard to go out there and talk about it. Many of these conversations are confidential. I think one place, which I could mention that we do see some opportunities, would be the privatization of generation plants in Turkey. We’ll be seeing some things come online there.  I think the other thing is we are seeing -- generally there are private equity players that have taken our funds that have picked up some assets and are now beginning to look at ways to monetize those. We’ll be just hanging around looking for opportunities like that, but you got to find the right value proportion, and if we could find that, we’d look across those, but they are just difficult to predict in advance, and once you start working on them, you generally can’t say much about them.  I think the only other one would be, which I mentioned is the Campiche project, which is it’s pushed out a little bit, but that’s one that we were very concerned about. I think the good news there is we can reinitiate construction on that plant, which is partly built and that’s coming online. I think we’re seeing Ahmed, 2012. So 2012 we’ll get a little bit growth in that one also. But the M&A ones are just tough to predict and tough to communicate or telegraph in advance.
Paul Hanrahan: Lee Cooper must have been talking to you. On the dividend question really is, would we see dividend in future. I think as we said in the past, we don’t think it make sense to be paying a dividend today, because we do have some growth opportunities.  I think if you go out a couple of years though, I think we start to generate a lot of cash and whether or not we’ll see enough value accretive opportunities to deploy that cash, I think it’s very possibly that you could see or start to look at dividend as a meaningful way to do that.  Right now our current free cash flow is about $400 million, and that’s the cash we have on hand after paying interest to all the corporate charges, but our objective is to really start to build that up, so it’s a meaningful amount and gives us plenty of cushion.  Once we get to number that, where we feel more comfortable, I know it’s something that we at the Board level had been talking about, so I don’t think we are there today. We will clearly be at a point where we could do something like that in couple or three years and the real question is, at what point in time would we actually want to go do that.  So we’ll keep looking at that and we are open to it, but it’s really our focus is to generate more current free cash flow, so we got the ability to comfortably put out a dividend that’s meaningful.
Paul Hanrahan: Your welcome. Why don’t we see and maybe taken one more question and then we could end this up, so we could get back to the day.
Victoria Harker: It wasn’t just the CIC transaction, it’s actually the accumulation of a number of couple of different transactions where we had been looking at, all of which required us to put together historical financial statement, so it was the cost involved, it was getting ready for potential transaction and required external three-year prior historical audited financial, which of course we are going to continue to keep current now.  But since we have no current transaction to justify keeping those costs hung up, we had to go ahead and trigger that and take the right down in period.
Victoria Harker: Alright and we have not updated yet in part, we are still looking at sort of post the CIC transaction and the dilutions there as well as some of the actions we’ve taken over the last quarter. So, in terms of debt pay down, we had originally been about a $1.20, so we are just post those two sets of transactions we are sort of in a $1.07 to $1.10 range.  Some of these new acquisitions add back to that, and then we are also looking at some of the macroeconomic drivers relative to New York and the commodity prices. But that range I think is probably where we are looking right now, we are not through our budget cycle and we would look to update it, I think probably in the November end of your time frame.
Victoria Harker: And we had previously -- I think when we issued our guidance for this year. We had cited the fact that we had taken that out. So anything that would be upside to the guidance that had been previously provided.
Victoria Harker: Sure, and to answer your first point relative to the 48%, that was the common -- that’s where the effective tax rate was. It was a combination of the semi gain and the transactional gain that we recognized in the quarter, as well as the lack of that legislation having been enacted. The 48% on an adjusted basis would still be sort of at the mid 35%, 36%.  What I was referring to in terms of just the legislative piece of this alone, which would be recurring in nature obviously if not extended, which would have had an $0.11 impact on EPS for full year, we’ve had enough operating benefits, that we’ve offset some portion of that through the year so far.  I was flagging the fact that obviously the legislation still has not been enacted if we fight that, I think in our MG&A both quarters now, and so we will continue to look for offsetting opportunities as the years goes on, but it has been an underlying assumption going into this year, that that would have been reenacted and that it was at about $0.11 full year impact. So that’s just context for those moving parts.  If we do not get it for example, though we would be higher than we would have projected on an effective tax rate, probably in the closer to the mid 30s than the low 30s on a percentage basis, and all of that of course is non-cash impacting.
Victoria Harker: That has already come out, that we are not expecting an extension of which would have gotten us to the lower tax rate.
Victoria Harker: But that said, as we did with the first half of this year, we are assessing opportunities to offset that $0.06, so just for clarity, we wanted to pinpoint the fact that that’s driving the tax rate, however we are looking at other offsetting opportunities to make sure that we can hit the guidance we previously announced.
Victoria Harker: One of the things that mechanically we’ve also done and Gregg just to tell you about it, relative to the revolvers we went and renegotiated the terms of that. We were now allowed to from a basket transaction that will allow the cap to grow as apparent free cash flow grows as well. So it does give us the capability to get some of those projects online, apparent cash flow is growing. It also raises the capital to the amount you could actually be paying out under whether the stock buyback or a dividend distribution.
