Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions let me summarize today's call. As I have noted we have made great progress on our 2021 and long-term strategic goals and we are reaffirming our 2021 guidance and expectations through 2025. We see a tremendous opportunity for growth and further increasing our technological leadership as the industry transition unfolds. From advancing our renewables to unlocking the value of our new technology businesses we have a competitive advantage that will continue to benefit our customers and investors.  With that I would like to open up the call to your questions. 
Andrés Gluski: Yes, that's a great question. This is really a landmark agreement as we move to essentially have strategic relationships with battery manufacturers. So Northvolt is building a new plant in Sweden. And in Poland and we will have one train of the plant in Poland producing batteries for us. So as this market expands and as you have a real growth in demand this assures battery supply for one of our markets. And also I would say Europe, Middle East, Africa and in addition, we will not only have supply of batteries and again dedicated train to us, but we will also be working with Northvolt. So you have the new developments in battery. So in terms as battery technology develops as you have better chemistry, as we say fine-tune our cube stacked design. We will have joint development of additional improve batteries on multiple fronts. So this is a, I think, a very interesting development of getting a little bit more involved, that's a one-step prior to just being the integrator and providing the control softwares.
Andrés Gluski: Or, you know, it's both in a sense, so let me take the second part first, explain a little bit what the product is. So the product really -- that the key point is that we're netting on an hourly basis, a, you know, carbon-free energy. So, this is -- you know, most contracts. Prior to this, virtually all, are really netting, you know, to be on a yearly basis could be, et cetera. So you have an excess purchases of renewables during certain hours, but you're actually using non-renewables during other hours, obviously, when you don't have the production of the renewables. This is actually saying, "You know, on an hourly basis, the energy that I'm getting is carbon free." So you ask -- you know the right question it's not just a question of, you know, having overbuild solar or overbuilt wind, it's really how do you manage these different sources of energy, you know, not only to ensure that it's carbon free, but to minimize the cost? So you know, when are you buying -- When are you using wind? When are you using solar? And the real key to make this happen is adding hydro -- small hydros and adding, of course, battery storage? So it's really how do you optimize multiple uses of -- multiple sources of renewable energy to provide the lowest cost guaranteed carbon-free energy netted on an hourly basis? So behind this offer, there's a lot of math, a lot of algorithms, a lot of risk management. And we think that, you know, this is a deal that with Google itself, you know, we had a $1 billion -- I sorry, one gigawatts agreement to the first 500 and we expect it to grow as demand in these data center grows. But, of course, there are other corporate clients that are interested in this. And you know, we've seen interest from. So as people, I would say up their environmental goals, and saying, well, we're going to be net zero carbon emissions on a global scale, and really having an hourly netting.  This is really the only product on the market. So, of course, those companies that have the highest environmental standards are interested in this product. So it's a -- we think, a very interesting development, and one that we expect to replicate with multiple clients.
Andrés Gluski: But, yes, I mean, we did three in 2019 and 2020. We're seeing a strong start, you know, not only inside PPAs, but the deals we have in progress. So we feel sufficiently confident to say that, you know, we expect to be at the upper end of our initial guidance range of 3 or 4 [ph]. So we expect to be and four gigawatts of new renewable PPAs signed in 2021.
Andrés Gluski: All -- we do see, you know, a lot of competition out there in the market. Our strategy has been to offer more value to our clients. So we don't want to just compete for commoditized, you know, thus, far, renewable PPAs. So we have several competitive advantages. And, of course, with our knowledge of energy storage, you know, we have been really a leader in the new applications for energy storage, not only through influence in terms of the new design, but you know, A.I., bidding -- enabled bidding engines, and how do we combine them? So, the Google deal is a perfect example of how we brought together multiple energy sources -- renewable energy sources, and provided a unique product to a very demanding client. So that's our angle. Our angle is really you know, how we bring these things together? How we create more value for the client? And I think very importantly, is that we co-create with our clients.  So this was a joint project with Google that, you know, reflects more than a year's work. It's just like what we did in Kauai, what was really sort of the first sort of 24/7 solar energy storage product offering. We co-developed it with the Kauai Island utility cooperative. So that's our unique angle. So again, we see more deals like this Google deal, and more ways of working with clients to provide more value, and just not a commoditized product. So, the other advantage we have is, we started working on our pipeline. So we have a pipeline of 30 gigawatts, globally. We have a pipeline of more than 15 gigawatts in the U.S. And, you know, pipeline is not an equally defined term across all players. What we mean a pipeline, these are projects that we can execute on. So we have a land bank, we've been buying land, we've been buying land rights, we've been getting interconnection rights, looking really at the overlay of like best solar irradiation, best interconnections with the grid. And in addition, you know, best wind sites. So you know, we feel very good. I mean, putting something together like we did for Google in Virginia, it's something that we can replicate in other markets, where we have big presence, whether it be New York, whether it be California, that we don't think other people can present. So I think we're very well situated. And we also have some other angles that people don't have, that are very new. One I'll mention is 5B, 5B allows us to double the energy density. So think about that if you need to locate 100 megawatts of energy, we can do it in a space, other people can do it in 15, we can build it in a third of the time.  Now 5B, you know, the MAVERICK product is still early in its stage of development. We still have to massify to drive down costs and prove it out. But it has unique characteristics, not only the ones I've mentioned, but in Australia, it has been tested in actual life situations, like category four hurricane winds. And that's something that conventional solar cannot do. So we feel very optimistic of offering this suite of technologies, and also a unique way of bringing them together and also a unique way of working with clients.
Andrés Gluski: No, that's a great question. And as you know, we've been, I think, always very concerned about this. You know, when we talk to, you know, beginning of last year, about COVID at the time, and we said look, you know, we were concerned about supply from Asia, and you know, the possible effects of COVID on the supply chain, even here in the States. So, you know, we've been on top of this. But right now we're not seeing any real supply constraints, whether it be on batteries, whether it be on solar panels, whether we see on wind turbines. However, if you look at the growth plans that are reflected in, for example, the Biden's renewable energy agenda. And you see what utilities are talking about, they're seeing a dramatic increase in demand. And we think that that could be a problem in the future. So we're getting out ahead of this. And, you know, I think, you know, it's not only the physical supplies that, you know, we're talking about. But it could be things like land, for example, you know, how many megawatts of readily available land is there to meet this great need. So right now, we're not seeing it safe. But we're on top of it. And that's what we're making the kind of strategic agreements like Northvolt. You know, expect more, I would say because that, we think, is a key element. And we expect this market to grow very rapidly. And we think you have to be thinking about that now, at all angles, whether it be people, you know, land interconnections? I don't see -- and I think we've spoken about it in the past, you know, energy storage, playing a role in eliminating transmission constraints. So that's an exciting new area that needs to be developed. And really, isn't that. So getting to your answer, we're not seeing it today. We're on top of it. I do expect there to be a pinch if sometime in the future, when I don't know, you know, going to be 12 months could be 18 months. But we're preparing for that possibility.
Andrés Gluski: You know I love the question. So you know, we've had -- my counting four unicorns, you know, small companies, in fact with more than $1 billion valuation. I think our secret sauce has been to buy small companies. And then some of them we bought for, you know, $20 million, $30 million, initial investment, and now are worth more than $1 billion. And what's the secret sauce? The secret sauce really is -- one, we give them a platform for massive expansion; two, we work with them to create new applications. So we're not just a client, it's like we are co-developing and creating new uses for this technology. So we allow it to grow fast, we allow it to grow new areas. But equally important, we're able to keep the entrepreneurial spirit of these businesses. So in other words, even though we're a big company, we make a real effort not to smother them, you know, and let them run as much as possible on their own.  Now, we made a philosophical decision years ago, that just to use it on our own platform, while that gives us a temporary advantage limits the growth of this new technology. And, quite frankly, a lot of this has to do with massive buying them to really drive down costs. You know, energy storage is a lot cheaper today, because we massified it. You know, we're in 29 countries, we have 5.6 gigawatts in 29 countries that we either built, or we're providing control systems, you know, bidding platforms. So, that's -- you know, that's quite large and allows us to learn from that. So with 5B, it's the same. You know, we will have certain kind of exclusivity in certain markets. But, no, this will be available to the broader market overtime. So what we're doing with 5B is again, massive, buying it, proving it out. And then eventually, we will, it will be available to other players as well. So for example, today in Australia, other people are using 5B technology.  And I see it very similar to you know, our prior ventures, whether it be fluids, whether it be distributed energy that we have, whether it be up like [ph] that, you know, our philosophy is not just keep it to ourselves, just keep it to our own platform, but expand it more broadly. So, it's interesting; we make money but we make money for our shareholders in two ways. One is our platforms, which we are shifting from fossil fuels to renewables and there you can value us on cash flow, earnings per share et cetera. But at the same time we're creating value in these new technology companies, and those have a different valuation and the different value creation and that's why, selling to third parties is so important to maximize the value of them. Now the fact is that having the link between AES and these startups is key because as I said we mutually beneficial to create value. We help them grow. They help us to really be a leading-edge technology provider. If we didn't have the knowledge of batteries that we have, we wouldn't have done the budget deal. So there are two ways that we're creating value here with these new companies.
Andrés Gluski: What I can say is really that we had an initial agreement, which we had talked about that we really the sort of RFP for one gigawatt that has, I would say developed if you willing to the deal that we have announced. We expect to expansion of that energy provided over time as their needs grow and again, we have this unique product that we will offer to then and other clients at this stage in time. So that's all I really can say at this stage of the game. 
Andrés Gluski: Look regarding first the green hydrogen really green ammonia project in Chile. We continue to work with our partner on the feasibility study. So where it goes on and as I said, we'll probably have news before the end of the year one way or the other. So it's really a matter of, can we get the cost down to be competitive with grey or blue hydrogen products. So I'm optimistic, we're working hard, stay tuned. Regarding Vietnam. It's the same thing. We continue to work towards a new LNG terminal, which would be 450 or so Terra BTUs. So, more than double what we have between Panama and the Dominican Republic, and there is an associated 0.2 gig watts of combined cycle gas plants. So not that progress continues on that were part of the government's plan realize at this facility will avoid the construction of many, many coal plants, and I also mentioned that we will be as soon as feasible moving towards, providing green hydrogen, which basically means that it certified that it doesn't, it has less a certain amount of leakage from production to delivery, and we think that's very important to really reap the climate advantages of natural gas versus say other heavy fossil fuels. 
Andrés Gluski: Our RLNG business is really tolling in Central America and the Caribbean. So we get a tolling fee. We're not taking direct commodity risk now of course the bigger the spread between Henry Hub and world oil prices especially WTI, the more tolling will do at the margins in a lot of these take-or-pay agreements. So what we've announced is take or pay. So we're not so directly affect but all things being equal, a bigger spread between natural gas and oil is favorable, will do at the margin, some more. In Vietnam this is a project which is very much needed because they had been relying on offshore gas and that's running out, so this will, it has an immediate demand unlike say Dominican Republic and Panama, where we had to develop to demand [ph]. So you have to bring in gas to feed the existing combined cycles. So I really don't see it as much as directly as oil price gas play. Again at the margin, you could have more industries converter more transportation convert to compressed natural gas or other forms, but not really. These were tolling agreements and in Vietnam, the demand is there, it doesn't have to be created but again, as [indiscernible].
