Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Before we take questions, let me summarize the concrete steps we’re taking to transform and simplify the company; reducing our headcount by 12% this year for $100 million in sustainable cost savings; lowering our parent debt by 20%; investing in profitable, renewable projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts, including the 2.3 gigawatts we acquired in 2017; and reducing our carbon exposure by exiting 4.3 gigawatts of merchant coal-fired generation. Accordingly, as a result of our successful execution, we will deliver 8% to 10% average annual growth and adjusted EPS in parent free cash flow through 2020, achieve investment grade metrics in 2019 and reduce our carbon intensity by 25% from 2016 to 2020. Our overarching goal is to deliver sustainable and attractive risk adjusted total returns to our shareholders. Operator, we would now like to open up the lines for questions.
Andrés Gluski: I can’t comment right now on what the amount of the additional investment AES Gener would have to make at this point. But that will happen when the financing is closed. But I would say that what is important is Gener has been strengthening its balance sheet, selling some assets. Also, as Tom mentioned, there'll be somewhat less dividends this year as a result of investments to be made in Alto Maipo. Now in terms of what to do with the project going forward, of course what matters is just the marginal costs and the marginal benefits. And that's what we have been looking at. I think that from a strategic point of view, having Alto Maipo plus Las Lajas and Alfafal, that’s all part of one big complex, you will have at the end 750 megawatts of capacity and power right in the low center of Chile. So this we think will be a very attractive asset. And as you know, this will, I’ll say balance Gener’s risk because Gener has been very heavily weighted towards the coal plant. And as again Tom mentioned in his speech, we did have the impact of green taxes in 2017. So that's what we're looking at Ali. We’ll look at the entire picture, it's like the marginal returns on the investments we're making and the positioning of Gener as a company into the future.
Andrés Gluski: I think if you look at the growth of our dividend, I think we've had the fastest dividend growth of any company in our sector. And so I think going forward, we’ll continue to analyze what's the best use of our cash. Certainly, we don't think we're getting a lot of credit for our growth in the dividend and the fact that we're on a path to become investment grade. So we will look at what we think is the best use of our cash going forward. I think we’ve laid out our priorities as want to become investment grade and into that we have the transformation of the company that’s underway that we’ll decrease risk and we’ll also ensure our growth into the future.
Andrés Gluski: At this stage, we haven’t made any comment on an 8% to 10% growth in the dividend. We’re committing to adjusted EPS growth and the parent free cash flow growth.
Andrés Gluski: Absolutely. And so I mean, we’ve been talking about a balanced approach. I think if you look at our sales, we’ve really gotten good value for our shareholders on those sales. As I said, we also think that coal will continue to play a role. But what we’ve focused on, certainly we focused on coal merchant plans going in, we’ve also focused on simplifying our portfolio. Now, depending on the quality of the asset whether it’s a creative or dilutive that will depend, but this is baked into our vision of the future and what we will deliver. So we feel very comfortable about hitting that billion dollar target, some are could be selling out and some could be selling down. And another factor in our strategy, which we perhaps haven’t highlighted in this speech, but we’ve attracted more than $4 billion of partnership capital. So we’re really looking at maximizing our returns and partnership capital in general has given us a lot of flexibility and the allocation of our resources, helped us manage risk and it’s also helped us into our returns.
Andrés Gluski: Let’s talk a little bit about the solar panel. The impact of the tariff, the 30% tariff, is baked into our forecast. And it hasn’t had a material impact on the business. So I don’t know Tom perhaps you’d like to comment on it.
Andrés Gluski: Okay, let me take the second question which is regarding Maritza. We just wanted to mention this at this stage it's very early to say what the outcome of this would be. It's basically known that DG comp of the European commission does reviews of long-term PPAs, and then whether they contain what's called illegal state aid. We feel we have a very strong contract. We will -- that there's a lot of ways that this could be resolved, and at this stage and I will keep you informed as it progresses. But again we feel that we have a very strong contract. And as you know, a couple of years ago they ran up a very significant IOU, more than €400 million. On our calls we said, look, we expect to be paid because of the strength of our contracts and quite frankly because of the investment grade of Bulgaria and the fact the public sector had the means to which to pay. Those things were resolved, stay tuned, we'll see where this turns out. But again, we think we're starting from a strong position.
Andrés Gluski: So let me take at a high level and then I’ll pass it to Tom. What we’ve talked about is $0.05 to $0.08 initially. There are two sides, so this one is the limitations on interest, expense, deductibility related to EBITDA in the U.S. And the second is the global intangible low tax income. Now, there remains a lot to be clarified on this law. So this is -- we’re taking conservative approach to it. Why does this change overtime, well it changes because your asset base changes and also has to do with your level of indebtedness, changes overtime. So what happens overtime it gets better as the effects of a lower tax rate kick in. So that’s number one. Number two, as Tom said in his speech, we really clean the slate by basically using our NOLs to pay for the tax expense of deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. So really as a result of it, we’ll have a much more transparent tax position as time goes by. Now, we do need a further clarity, clarifying need to make sure that any actions we take to optimize our capital efficiency are the ones in the long term. So with that I’ll turn it over to Tom.
Andrés Gluski: Well, we’ve basically been pulling the levers we talked about in the past. We said Gener have a lot of levers, realized that Gener had a very good year in 2017. So we’ve had some asset sales, sales in non-core assets. We have sold a peaking plant. And we’re also in the process of selling some other non-core assets, which we think quite frankly were at very good multiples. And these will be used to pay down debt at Gener to shore it up. So while the Gener price has suffered greatly in the last say two years, at the same time, Gener in terms of if you look at it, our earnings this year or cash flow is really at record levels due to the fact that we cut the ribbon on time and on budget on the other projects. So Gener again, we will keep it the investment grade, there are a lot of levers to pull. And as we said, we weren't putting in more money from AES into Gener.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think when we talk about strengthening, it’s quite frankly. I’ll say decreasing the band, increasing the certainty that you're going to hit your numbers. We had a lot of these things, I would say, in the works but it certainly feels good to have executed on them. So just to be clear on the cost savings program that we just announced, I mean, that's mostly executed. And we will have those numbers in hand in the first half of this year. And of course, we have the one time severance costs as well included in our number. So most of this is that we feel that as we execute, we reduce the -- or increase the certainty around our numbers and makes them more robust to any unforeseen possibility.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I would say, look. We have I think listed them. I think it's very important to close an Alto Maipo that we have, even though it does mean Gener has to make material contributions, this is very dramatic shift and the risk of this project, because we're going from one where essentially when it came to geological risk, it was cost plus to a one where we have certainty on the cost. And second, where we really have one contractor rather than two and that contractor will have significant skin in the game and every incentive to finish at the lowest cost and as early as possible. So I think that is very important. I think, you know, as I mentioned regarding Bulgaria, this is something that we have to see the resolution of it. We think we're in a very strong position, like we thought we were -- when we ran at the €400 million of IOUs. But stay tuned, because it's too early to say where that would turnout. I think that we have opportunities for the upside in a number of our markets. I am very encouraged by the returns we're getting on our renewables and gas projects, especially outside the U.S., we have an excellent pipeline of projects in Mexico, dollar denominated with private sector off takers. I'm very excited about the solar plus energy storage possibilities. We're excited about the sPower pipeline. And regarding Fluence, I think we're seeing that that market is starting to turn. This is a classic new technology, which will go through s-curve and we have to see when that turns up. Now speaking about Fluence, I think that’s more of a play where it’s not incremental earnings per year it’s just really creating a lot of value, three years to five years from now probably, like we did with the Brazilian Telecom.
Andrés Gluski: So instead of opportunities, $2 billion we got $1 billion is Masinloc of the billion dollar set, the set of opportunities is greater than billion.
Andrés Gluski: Let me clarify. First, remember that again Gener had a record year last year. The Alto Maipo issues are perspective. This is not current. The drop in the price of Gener stock is part of I think a decrease in prospective prices, the market is thinking what are the future prices. Now realize Gener is fully contracted through 2023 and 50% thereafter, realize also that Gener is taking a very large market share of commercial and industrial contracts. So Gener is a strong company an investment grade company. Now talking about Andes itself, we had a very good year in Argentina. We have 3 gigawatts of excellent assets in our Argentina, we’ve always had. We’ve had relatively low debt in Argentina. So to the extent that the wholesale market has liberalized in Argentina and dollarized, this has been a positive for us. Also realize that AES Gener is about 30% Columbia, 30% hydro in Chivor. So Andes is a SBU, it’s much more than just Alto Maipo, and you realize that you're talking about, in total, almost 7gigawatts of capacity that you have in Andes and Alto Maipo being 500. So the important thing I think is to resolve Alto Maipo to decrease the uncertainty and I would expect to have a positive reaction in terms of Gener stock and hopefully AES stock as well.
Andrés Gluski: I'd say certainly we don't see it as a drag. I mean, we have interesting renewable opportunities in the region and that even Gener has solar projects now under construction. So there is a lot of opportunities in the region. And what we are looking forward to is resolving the issues of Alto Maipo and have certainty, and getting pass that and really focus on the other projects in the future.
Andrés Gluski: It’s both deconsolidated and classified under discontinued operations. So that would be, as I said, will be part of -- so it’s true on both counts. In other words, our revenues and operating costs and everything don't flow through our financials, which makes our financials much easier to understand, especially given the debt and unfunded pension and those kinds of things. But also as classified as discontinued operations that would say that we're going to continue on our strategic shift with respect to Electropaulo and assess our ownership interest.
Andrés Gluski: I don't want to get too specific, it’s a public company, but that’s being -- I think discontinued operations, you can bring it from there.
Andrés Gluski: To me put a little bit carbon de-risking in perspective. So we're taking a balanced approach. We can see that coal could have a role to play in some markets well into the future. If you take our U.S. operations, for example, IPL, IPL will go from 79% coal to about 44% coal when we cut ribbon on Eagle Valley. So what we’re really talking about is we see this as a long-term sort of de-risking. And we also will be doing things like we have found ways to run our coal plans at lower means, we’re talking about taking down from 50%, 40% down to around 20%. So this combined with at certain hours of the day very cheap renewables will allow us to run our coal -- decrease our carbon footprint, but at the same time take advantage of our coal plants using basically like large batteries. So when you talk about something like, IPL we think it’s -- or DPL, these are part of that strategy and that they really complement what we are in terms of the various sources of financing we have and the various growth opportunities. So right now we would consider those utilities as core to our business proposition.
Tom O’Flynn: I think as Andrés has said, I mean the expectation of a tariff have been obviously out there for some time since early or middle of last year. Some of the being thrown around were actually higher than that so it’s certainly within expectations of what was going to be passed. I think that was taken into account by our teams at sPower and our distributed energy business, so generally we’ve moving forward. Sure on the margin there were small number of opportunities that fell off or at least that put on hold. But I think the team has been moving forward, most of it is evidenced by the large signing of contracts that we identified just most recently.
Tom O’Flynn: I think maybe we weren’t as clear in the past. But I think the 8% to 10% is inclusive of asset sales. I think there’s a basket of some things that we may sell out or sell down as Andrés said. And it does also assume use of capital for deleveraging and reinvestment, I would say our reinvestment is at rates less than what we’ve been investing at. So we feel quite good about those.
Tom O’Flynn: Greg, I think we say near-term it’s a two to three year period. We look beyond that we’re seeing lower impacts based on we see in that -- as we see it. There is lot of moving parts but in general as we work through our NOL position and as part of the charging took at the end of the year and the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, we used about $1.9 billion of our NOL. So as our NOL decrease and we move towards a taxable position over the next two to three years, the overall impact of tax reform from an earnings standpoint can actually be less. But I would probably say near-term $0.05 to $0.08 call it two to three years. And then as we look at it, we would see that number of potentials right down. Obviously, we’re trying to make numbers lower and having the ramp down effect accelerated possible. So those are the things that are still work in progress.
Tom O’Flynn: Gregg, I’ll just say, basically the dividend we got last year from Gener was around $160 million, $170 million, it was AES share. And all the numbers we expect to have to be a lower number. I don't want to get specific because obviously Gener is a public company, but I’ll just leave it that we are being more conservative with expectations for ’18 until Alto Maipo gets tied up moving forward.
Tom O’Flynn: Steve, we’ve been approached by some parties about stakes in operating projects. And it would be something that we would do obviously with [s] and with AIMCo jointly. I mean it’s just reinforces that value of their operating portfolio where we’re obviously quite focused in the growth portfolio. But it reinforces the value of their operating portfolio and it’s potentially attractive to some co-investors, so we’ll see.
Tom O’Flynn: Just on a standalone basis, it’s hard to look at the tax -- any tax piece of puzzle in isolation. But our U.S. income that would be available to shelter our interest would be less than that. Keep in mind that the U.S. income that’s in the utilities and some of the other investments is not income that’s available to offset interest, but it’s a longer story than that.
Tom O’Flynn: But as always, it’s not quite that simple. I would say just coming down meaningfully our interest last year was about -- was well over 200, I think as we see it after paying down the billion dollars of debt and also looking at some other opportunities, we’ll be under $200 million on a run-rate by mid-year. So next year we expect interest to be maybe $180 million or something in that ballpark. So by reducing debt, we’re meaningfully limiting the issue.
Tom O’Flynn: I think there is a lot of moving parts that started baking all together and said $0.05 to $0.08. And once again, it’s hard to look at. Even some as before and some of the issue we talked about access taxes on foreign that could be an offset in part to the interest. So it’s a lot of different equations but just to boil it down, we think $0.05 to $0.08 for the next two years or three years.
